A retrospective of the Meiji philosophical world
Introduction
Tetsujiro Inoue

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Nishi Amane << Nishi Amane >>

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Onishi | Celebration << Beginning >>
-------------------------------------------------- -----

One

Since ancient times, Shinto, Confucian, and Buddhist philosophies have been practiced in Japan, but with the import of Western civilization, a new philosophical idea of another system emerged in the Meiji era. In other words, it has been inspired by Western philosophical ideas and has encouraged various philosophical thoughts in Japan as well. As a result, a trend of philosophical thought that is naturally different from traditional Eastern thought has begun to occur. Religious thought (ie Christo) was the first to be imported into Western thought, followed by medicine, chemistry, physics, botany, military science, etc., but in the first year of the Meiji era. As a result, it became the first place for pioneers to pay attention to philosophy, logic, psychology, etc., and it has aroused a fresh spirit in the ideological world.
Among the thinkers of the first year of the Meiji era, the main people related to philosophy and other psychiatry are Nishi Amane, Shigeki Nishimura, Hiroyuki Kato, Masakazu Toyama, and Nakae. It was Atsushi. In the meantime, he also published writings or translations on philosophy, ethics, psychology, etc., and then published various opinions on religion and other ideological issues. Also, although I am a junior than myself, people such as Yujiro Miyake, Enryō Inoue, Nagao Ariga, Onishi | There was. Other people such as Yukichi Fukuzawa and Masanao Nakamura (called Keiu) are never said to be irrelevant. Fukuzawa does not have a separate philosophical book, and although there is no evidence of philosophical thinking, he has a great influence on the ideological world as an importer of Western civilization and as a pioneer of society at that time. I think that he is a person who can never be overlooked from the viewpoint of the history of philosophy because he is the person who caused the problem. In particular, Yukichi Fukuzawa and Hiroyuki Kato were confrontational scholars to watch out for at that time. I can only say very roughly here, but Kato had a very academic nature, studied philosophical problems to the end, and sought to be a philosopher himself, so it was unpleasantly in the Meiji era. In recollecting philosophy, he is a person who cannot be ignored, but Mr. Fukuzawa has something that cannot be overlooked from a broad perspective, not from such a professional meaning. .. In particular, he was a person who took the initiative in importing British and American civilization ideas and, on the contrary, made efforts to destroy Eastern ideas such as Confucianism. In other words, he tried to replace the Chinese civilization, which had considerable power at that time, with a new civilization in the United Kingdom and the United States. Fukuzawa's struggle was unavoidable because it was the time when the social demand to learn the merits of the West as soon as possible, just recognizing that he was in a state of disrepair. The effect was unexpectedly huge. From ancient times, it has been called "Chie Ali Toy Edmo's Ini Ride Zurunishikazu", but it can be said that Fukuzawa often took advantage of the momentum of time to achieve that aspiration. I will talk about the areas related to that philosophy later, and I would like to say a few words about the person named Nakamura Masanao. This person is known as Professor Keiu, but he didn't pay much attention to the original philosophy and logic, and he wasn't pleased. Especially, logic was the most disliked. However, I don't think I knew it well. However, since this person was rather a person on the side of affection, who was mainly moral and worshiped at religion, he pays great attention to such a direction rather than being directly related to philosophy. There was a direction to be. However, since the translations were widely subscribed to by the world, he was a person who made a great contribution to the literary luck of the Meiji era, both from the perspective of social education and from the standpoint of importing Western thought. I don't think it should be overlooked on the historical side.
In other words, the fact that a new philosophy arose in the first year of the Meiji era is a result of the change in the times. When the Tokugawa Shogunate collapsed and became the Meiji Restoration, and the import of Western thought became rapid, it seemed that a great change in society as a whole, a major renewal, and a philosophy also occurred, so simply a few or It wasn't just the power of four or five people. However, the people listed above come to mind first when we list the main characters among them, but it goes without saying that the efforts and hardships of these people have had a great impact on society even more broadly. ..
Then, in the first year of the Meiji era, Buddhism and Confucianism, such traditional philosophical ideas also had a lot of power. Buddhism is both a religion and a philosophy. However, during the restoration of Buddhism, Buddhism was severely hit by the influence of Haibutsu Kishaku, but even so, influential people were still active in that range. For example, Fukuda | Gyokai, Hara Tanzan, Shimaji Mokurai, Fumio Nanjo, Murakami | Sensho, Satoru Morita, Unsho, Daitoru Katsumi, Tokunou Oda, etc. People had power under Renkoku. In the region, there were people such as Imakita Kosen, Bokusan Nishiari, Yuri Dropsui, Mt. Hashimoto, Nisatsu Arai, and Tsunejun Nanari. Then, as a resident, Satoshi Shimada, Ouchi | Seiran, and Torio Torio were all Buddhist people. Especially if you are a Buddhist who studied Western philosophy, the relationship is even deeper. Since then, Confucianism has declined so much today that very few people are said to be its representatives, but in the first year of the Meiji era, there was still considerable Confucianism. Yasui Sokken, Motoda Higashino, Shigeno Seisai, Kawata Oke, Otsuki Bankei, Washizu Kidou, Okamatsu Oya, Sakatani Rōro, Nemoto Michiaki, Takezoe Ii, Shimada Koson, Mishima Nakasu, etc. Since many Confucian scholars were alive, it was directly and indirectly related to various ideological problems. In the meantime, there were people like Kiyomaru Kawai who argued from the standpoint of the three religions of the Shinto Buddha, and the ideological world was not so simple. However, since then, the times have gradually changed, and the way of research and the way of studying have to change, so all of them have come to the fore. However, since the first year of the Meiji era was like that, we have to think about the fact that the situation was quite different from today.
Even then, one thing to note here is the relationship with foreigners. When the University of Tokyo was founded in the 10th year of the Meiji era, a department of philosophy was established, and it was decided to invite specialist scholars from Europe and the United States to give lectures on philosophy. Therefore, in August 1891, Fenollosa from Harvard University was invited from the United States as a philosophy teacher. This was followed by Cooper from the United Kingdom, then Busse from Germany, and Koeber as the successor to Busse, both of which were taken into consideration. You have to. In addition to such philosophical teachers, the stimuli of foreign Christian missionaries and Christian teachers, as well as inland ministers who received these scents, were also not unrelated to the emergence of philosophical thought. I think.

Two

Looking back on the philosophy of the Meiji era, or broadly speaking, the tide of thought of the Meiji era, it seems convenient to divide it into at least three stages and think about it. The first period will be from the first year of the Meiji era to the 23rd year of the Meiji era, and the second period will be from the 23rd year of the Meiji era to the end of the Russo-Japanese War, that is, until the 38th year of the Meiji era. Then, I think it would be good if the third period was from the 38th year of the Meiji era to the 45th year of the Meiji era. However, it goes without saying that the tide of thought in the third period extended to the Taisho era (that is, to the World War). From the first year of the Meiji era to the 23rd year of the Meiji era, the ideology centered on the philosophy of this first period was generally Auf Klerungszeit, and the ideas of Britain, the United States, and France dominated. It wasn't just a predominance, it invaded like a flood as a flood. In other words, the ideas of freedom and independence of Britain and the United States, and the ideas of free civil rights in France have been introduced, asserted, advocated, and promoted in a vertical and horizontal manner, and have become quite widespread in society. It was. Among British and American scholars, Bentham, Mill, Spencer, Sijuwick, Luis, Basho, Buckle, and Rabac. French scholars mainly imported the ideas of people such as Rousseau, Montesquieu, Gizo, Comte, and Tokuville, and on the natural sciences side, the ideas of Darwin, Huxley, and Cinder were much touted, and the social situation was quite common. Has brought about a change in.
However, for that reason, knowledge, scholarship, education, art, and literature have all made rapid progress. However, traditional morals and religions have been so badly destroyed that there is no substitute for them, many of them become lost children in the streets of right and wrong, and social flaws are also never. Not a few. The Constitution was promulgated on February 11, 1902, and the constitutional government was finally established here. The following year, the Imperial Diet was held, and many years of national demands were met. However, the Imperial Rescript on Education began to be promulgated on October 30, 1902, because there were many regrettable points in one point of the moral style of the people. .. I just returned from Germany for the first time in six or seven years when the Imperial Rescript on Education came out, interpreted the Imperial Rescript on Education, and made it public under the title of "Imperial Rescript on Education". I was honored. After that, he became a professor at the University of Tokyo from the time when the educational language was uttered, and continued for 33 years. During that time, he taught comparative religions centered on Buddhism, and on the philosophical side, he was oriental. He took the history of Western philosophy along with the history of philosophy, especially Kant and Schopenhauer. In this way, as Western philosophy, he mainly introduced German philosophy and taught it to students. He then invited international students sent to the West for philosophical and other psychiatric studies to go primarily to Germany. It is largely due to our efforts that German philosophy has come to be regarded as important in Japan. However, it cannot be said that Busse, who came to the morning in the 20th year of the Meiji era, had nothing to do with this. And other things on the pulpit side. Therefore, it seems that the 23rd year of the Meiji era is a period of time in the history of philosophy from various perspectives.
Therefore, in the second period of philosophy in the Meiji era, all those who studied philosophy mainly studied German philosophy. Moreover, Busse and Koebel, who are in charge of the philosophy of foreign teachers, are all Germans, so there was a relationship that should not be overlooked with this tendency in the philosophical world. Everyone will admit that the influence of studying German philosophy as a essence remains to this day. However, today, due to German philosophy alone, I am in a state where I can't get out of that range because I've been swallowed by it too much. In other words, it is a state of being obsessed with German philosophy and becoming intoxicated with it. This is regrettable. To prevent this from happening, I have always tried to maintain balance by taking Eastern philosophy from the beginning, but it is regrettable that few people take this spirit well. is there. But I believe he must wake up sooner or later.
After the 38th year of the Meiji era, the situation has changed considerably, probably as a result of the Russo-Japanese War. There was the Sino-Japanese War before that, but compared to that, the Russo-Japanese War had more influence, and I think it is doubtful that it has changed the ideological world as a result. The Russo-Japanese War had a long and serious impression on Japan prior to the World War, and it had a great impact on Japan, although it caused a great deal of change because of the World War in the Taisho era. To my ideological world. Therefore, after the Russo-Japanese War, individual awareness became prominent, and immediately awakened from the narrow patriotism, the vast spirit of the world developed suddenly, and some people paid deep attention to social issues in particular. I have come to pay. Therefore, I think that one view is that it was a period of time in the ideological world in the 38th year of the Meiji era. Maa I don't know that such a small distinction is not so important in a big sense, but for the sake of convenience, I will make these three distinctions and discuss the philosophy of the Meiji era.

Three

Then, I think there are two major different systems through the philosophical thought of the Meiji era and then the philosophical thought of the Taisho era. Of course, it is natural in every country, but I think that there are two kinds of strains that can be traced vividly after the Meiji era, which were almost eliminated before the Meiji era. One system of thought is James' so-called tough-minded idea, which is a system of material, economic, objective, practical, and utilitarian. This area has always been dominant in society, and has always gone to the extreme. The other side is a system of ideas such as spiritual, transcendental, subjective, moral, and religious. Compared to the former, this side becomes profound, subtle, and ghostly, but somehow it is not without the tendency to become a roundabout and weak. This is on the side of James' so-called Tender Minded. I am still willing to discuss the interrelationship between these two systems, their interests and losses, and their future outcomes, but anyway, the history of the past five or sixty years is clear. It is possible to prove the tide of these two systems of thought on the basis of historical facts. That being said, it cannot be overlooked that there are various degrees of thought between these two systems of thought. Although it is impossible to discuss all of these points in this paper, it is not impossible to clarify the outline, so I have tried to discuss this here.



Bottom book: "Contemporary Japanese Thought System 24 Philosophical Thought" Chikuma Shobo
September 20, 1965 (Showa 40) First edition first edition issued
May 30, 1975 (Showa 50) First edition 9th edition issued
First appearance: "Iwanami Lecture Philosophy: Philosophy of the Meiji Philosophy" Iwanami Shoten
November 1932 (Showa 7)
Input: Hideki Iwasawa
Proofreading: Shigeo Kobayashi
Created May 21, 2008
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
