Manuscript
Manuscript
Izumi Kyoka

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Suitcase

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Place | Mysterious stone "Kaiseki"

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Numbers are JIS X 0213 area area number or Unicode, base page and number of lines)
(Example) * [# "Making 儡 / Thread", Level 3 1-90-24]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

[# Indent 3 characters from here]
[# One step smaller from here]
After the death of Dr. Izumi, this untitled novel was found on the bottom of the desk by his wife, and when was it written? Also, it's an unfinished one, or it's something that has no way to make it clear now. The July issue of the July 1945 issue of Chuo Koron published "Rukoshinso", which was announced during the teacher's life and was the last one to be completed. "Tsukushi" is a mama] Efforts are already deeply damaging the teacher's body, which is hiding inside, and after that, it is said that there is no need to face the desk again. After all, it is reasonable to see this untitled novel as the one before "Shinku Shinso". The manuscript is written on a slightly old calligraphy with a brush and ink. It seems that the old paper was used for the first time in the 6th year of the Taisho era, and the fountain pen was used by accidentally pulling out what was previously purchased. Prove that it is a thing. The main character's name, Itoshichi, is similar to that of "Kurenai Shinsou", and the appearance of the red dragonfly "Akatonbo" in the scenic spot is also similar. "I can't help being lazy like this, so I'm thinking of earning a little in the spring," said the teacher to me at the end of last year. Perhaps this untitled novel was drafted earlier this year.
As a magazine company, it is too much to think that the title is annoying, but I hope that it should be posted as it is, as it is not in the line that other people should proposition unnecessarily.
[# End of small letters here]
[# End of indentation here]
[# With ground] (Appendix to Takitaro Minakami)

The inner temple of Shuzenji Temple in Izu is the first monument, which is roughly a little over a ri, counting the Iroha pseudonym 47, the stone monument of the road sign as the ridge, the mountain root, and the Muraguchi. I think it's right in front of the temple, near the stone steps facing Kokei Bridge .... Counting Roha, the route is commonly called Tsurihashi Tsurihashi, and when you cross it, there is an elementary school. However, if you turn to the right without crossing it, you will reach the monument, and it seems that you will raise your head from the daikonhata and give instructions, but this story has a little bit of a need. I'd like to remove the cheek cover.
From the middle of the road from the hot spring resort to the fishing bridge, one side is a small mountain skirt, and the left side is a small stream "Konagare", and it becomes a field. The skirts of the mountains and the fields are the fields that have their own way, but from the area where you can see a small clay bridge over the large ridge, it gradually becomes a quiet and lonely worship road from your own. The feeling of moving away from the skirt arises.
In the land, it is called Kobo-sama's festival, but it is said that it is a festival of the two seasons of spring and autumn. On top of the "Denpo", there were "Meg", "Somewhere", "Kayasuki", and the stone monument of the sign that stood in the bush of grass, and the cane hat was abandoned. It looks like a shrub, and it looks like a shrub, and even if it goes very far, it doesn't have to go back, and it just stands alone as a cane, and most of the people who come and go "rare.
For that reason, Okunoin is Yusui Shingen. If you follow the road "Azemichi" to the upper reaches of the Katsura River, you will see the approaching place. It seems that the trunk and roots of "I" have become large as they are. * [# "Making of 儡 / Thread", Level 3 1-90-24] Ma ”Chi Ishimon Fort High, unscrupulous, unscrupulous, especially the sick, sick, and even the eyes of those who came to the car on the fluttering road I'm surprised that it's Kirifusa, but the bridge of charity is easily connected to the balustrade, allowing passage to the quiet and flat precincts.
Needless to say, get off.
The Mido is in the refreshing forests of the scent of Sugi rather than the lion and the scent of Hinoki cypress. It is built like a lion head on a stone staircase just like the back of a blue dragon, and it is also precious to see a straight crystal waterfall ringing a cane and falling vertically from the large blue cypress behind.
On the side of the precincts, close the hermitage room on the left hand side, and close the shoji screen. Put two, one is a horizontal binding book, one is a votive rice bag, a little spilled and a twist is dedicated, a shoji box comes out in the middle, and a red book is attached is there. This is probably due to the difference between the common name and the Dharma name, and the present, past, future, and aspirations.
"I will get a bill" Fuda "."
――The bill is attached to the rice bag and prepared for the three treasures. It could have been left as it is, but it will soon be ... When I take it off, it seems that a sword will come out, but the secret certificate "Gonaisho" is not called "Ehen" in the warmth of the fireplace "Danro", but ... The name tag holder of the lacquer work "Nafudauke" is out. It seems that the selfishness is different from that of the one-our couple and another younger daughter, who is over thirty ... minutes? My wife's niece-in-law, the child of my aunt's aunt who had a daughter, was troublesome, but since she was a sister's daughter, my niece-in-law was unavoidable when it came to the facts. At the same time, there is a red spirit because it is young, and when the long undershirt's 褄 "tsuma" shifts, the sandals are caught because the edge is high, and it stretches out slightly.
"I'm sorry."
Because I was a little fat but quick to go to a place where I didn't get a reply right away, I reached out to Sanpokoshi as if I was looking through my eyebrows and opened the shoji waist in detail.
The mountain spirit drips on the green, and the sleeves of the priest's priest are like ink dyeing, but the back door garden facing is the back edge of the sun full of sun. At the open wall of the shoji, a simple old priest, who seemed to be absent, ran into a small desk, squeezing, shaving, and shaving.
"I'm sorry, I'll get a bill."
The black bangs and white face crawl low, but the snake body and eyebrows do not crawl, and the wrinkles of the eyelashes of the eyeglasses melt into Hinami. And grow up with a little "chi",
"Oh, I'm sorry to keep your bills at your discretion."
The knees, head and voice are round.
"Okay."
I got up and received a bill with a little "a little" edge under the collar, but the old priest and the desk were all in the sun, and the area was quiet and popular. It seems that I was attracted to it for some reason even though there was no such thing.
"Oh, you."
In such a place, the opposite hand 《Aite》 may be an incarnation of Kobo-sama, but it is said that it is familiar to me.
"Are you alone?"
"Oh, it's an answering machine's retired old man."
"Only one person."
"If you do."
"You'll be lonely, you're alone in a place like this."
"No, monkeys came out to the back of the temple until recently. I can't see it anymore, but if the weather is good, two mountain birds will come to this back door. And that also makes friends, that. "
The eyes were laid back and leaned toward the garden on one side of the day 、
"I'm still in the quince of the roots of Iwao. I don't think I'm lonely."
"Haa."
With a breath, the daughter's heart was drawn, and she looked like she was thinking about something, but she said, "Yamatori is a friend, she's fashionable." -A woman with a deep sin, who is troubled by "I'm fashionable", can't be a nun even if she comes here or hears this.
Far from it, when I went back to the inn, the table of the dinner "Bange" was quick, and the companion of Choshi, "Shoban", turned red with two or three, and turned into a red quince. I knew if the husband of the mountain bird was a good man, while pressing the cheeks. No, there's nothing I can't understand like this. "It was nice to have a friend, but the umbrella drew tea," he said.
Actually at the end of spring, when going out, it seems that the rainy season is coming in here and there, and sometimes whimsically, white clouds cast the shadow of light ink and hang apart. There, up to two umbrellas in the car at "there", because of the visit to Okuin | "Kechien", "It's a guy who sells candy under this on a fair day," "Hehe, souvenirs The brand new oil is still white, and I removed the binding frame and put it in.
It's bad to say luxury, but I thought it would be nice to come down in the middle of this warmth and quietness. The peony scarlet bloomed on the back door of a farmhouse near the road, and the scent of the buds was filled with the color of yellow clouds, but the shadow of the dancing butterfly wings was on the sleeves. , It looks like a mysterious white hand dedicated to the Buddhist altar. Deep in the Ichimura bamboo that wraps a small, ghostly thatched roof in the distance, the mountain is the sesame seeds that are in the middle of the dark heat haze on the Eiyama crimson that blooms at the foot of the mountain. It was a burning figure. I thought that I should squeeze this peony with an umbrella, squeeze it, and divide that bamboo bush.
The bank was filled with rice fields and butterbur, and the dandelion was still in full bloom, and that little white car with a phantom eye flew in competition with the wheel of the car. Now, I washed the cliffs with a colander and washed the road grass with a colander, and surrounded the evening table near the edge.
――The umbrella drew tea――
 Interesting.
The thing that doesn't become a nun is that it's more than a woman, and it's a thread seven, so even if you hit the stream of the Katsura River on the balustrade, it's a rough descent. 》 Competing for the rain
"Interesting, don't sprinkle tea on that umbrella."
The familiarity of the driver with the inn was just in the counter.
It was around 9 o'clock.
"Two new constructions of the previous umbrella ... please."
"Hahaha, just for fun ..."
Happo at the head ｜ I gave a nod to Muge, and leaned against the driver again for the brand new one.
After a while, I put this umbrella in the light and dark night in the light rain, and the women put their sleeves together and the thread seven stood alone in front of the paddy field "Mizuta". In the place where he was struck, he saw the clay bridge of the inner temple road, which he had just put his head out of the radish field and fingered, in Haruka-one from the fishing bridge and the other tonbi. Dive down the edge of the mountain covered with a beak like a beak, and go deep like a valley to the inner part of the mountain. It is a place called.
――The sound of the engine rushing forward makes you cry, but at the edge of the mountain that protrudes directly above, there is a owl and a mountain lie. When I heard the voice of an owl, which seemed to blow on my face, the female ream was reluctant to enter the dark interior. When they originally left the inn, they used the wet light color of the night shop decoration in the hot spring town, and the haze light around the stop, which was almost continuous with the town even if it was cut off on a short road. The reason why I wanted to do this was because Itochi, who had just struck the umbrella, followed the monument of the lonely Iroha.
Then, if you go into the other side and head for the Dobashi, you will not have a foothold to return the car unless you pass through the ridge.
I got off at Sanpogatsuji.
"Oh, in a place like this."
"I'll meet the lover of the umbrella."
"Are you a lover?
"It's a frog, isn't it singing all over with a good voice?"
"Well, the style."
I used an umbrella as a tool because I didn't like the fact that it was said to be the style. First of all, there is no willow on the mountainside behind the standing shape in the rain, but if you think that Ono no Michikaze somehow makes the inkstone a bad taste and you are practicing the shop more and more, it is trivial. I'm sorry, but ... I'm sorry, I'm sorry ... I'm having trouble with the inkstone.
Itoshichi is a child, and strangely, he likes to see and hear frogs. A friend of the first class in elementary school-now a merchant who is a member of the House of Lords and a person knows-the residence "Yashiki" is in Samurai Town, and he catches a frog with rice grains in the lotus pond of the back door "Sedo". Even if you can catch it, when you hear that it swells when you flutter your eyes and swell your belly, you can easily see even a frog if you do not fly to the precincts of Ujigami. Even in the castle of a snowy country, the ones that grew up in a noisy townhouse were the pond, even though I didn't hear the frog, the frog, the coral carp, and the five-colored frog, the frog. The friend who fishes the blue frog thought that he would wear the treasure shell's hidden frog and manipulate the thread of the white silver "Shirogane".
I had lost my parents and returned to the countryside from Tokyo once, and I was at a loss in the morning and evening.
"Oh, it's ringing a lot."
On the bank of the gentle castle of Okawa ... When you enter the back of the one-sided town "Kakawamachi" alongside the pine trees, you will find a crushed shop in the town, and a paddy field "Sutenae". I can't call it the name of the rice field, but I wonder if it's the ruins of a small ball called Kodama no Koji, or if I'm lonely in the daytime and make a suspicion. It's not a woman's name because it's called muddy, but she told me that a poor woman with the same name committed suicide here, and later, even now, her hand lanterns are in the dark night. The vines, such as going back and forth, are also strangely abundant here.
However, the shadow of the viewer is not reflected because it is erased by the rumor of the lantern. Of course, there is nothing to go out to hear the frog mystery. The darkness of the world is just like the darkness of May, because the hungry boy's body and the busy streets even with the night lights are dazzling and the thin shins are twisted. The stools in such a place were leaned against a standing tree, and the proof that they were not cultivated land from the original was the paddy fields that remained sparsely in the breach. When you squeeze the rice field into the dark night, it screams, squeals, and your favorite frogs float and sing, and there are invisible irises, iris, and river bones. 》 And Unohana are invited to dance.
Here it is.
"Well, it's ringing."
Whether you are a singer or a singer in the world, there is no change so far, but to the mercy, immediately after
"Oh, I'm hungry."
――I would have eaten a lot of Sadameshi rice 《Manma》 -I would say a pitiful thing-, Kitahachi wonders. ...... After the body was pulled out by the ashes of Goma at Mishima's inn, I was here with Yajirobei, Nomazu Kuwazu, Nomazu Kuwazu, and Hikyaku while following the sea path with a bamboo cane. When I saw him fly often, I was envious of his fullness. It's also embarrassing to think that he's a boss with brown hair on his knees, but in such a case, the pictorial words | scrolls, Tetsuri, and the horizontal spelling of science are in time. Absent.
When even the fragment of raw potatoes, the aunt of the Imoya, doesn't look at him in his lifetime, he is somewhat more obsessed with the ghosts than humans. Even if you don't know the mother-in-law "Ubume", or if you hold the baby "Akanbo", you'll still have a strong mochi. Because I knew it, Itoshichi was not afraid of the ghost of the small lantern there.
It's strange, there is a slight 《a little》 circumstance. This was roughly ten years later, and since it was a family business that earned some thread seven, and gained a small amount of work in Tokyo, it seems to be an essay for a magazine, and I talked about it once. I remember. A friend who was a little younger but wasn't mindful had a friend named "Tanikatto", whose real name was "Yo" [# "Yo" and "Hara"].

The young husband of Koume Mukojima, Narihirabashi, and Iemochi, who owns the house, is enthusiastic about haiku. In the middle of the night, the Narihirabashi in Yamabuki-cho, Ushigome, dimly chained the doors, and turned on the Western lights in the middle of the night, and also ran out of oil on the body.
For a long time, these guys have a love that comes with them. If you just fall in love the most, no matter who you are, the spear will not come out from anywhere. A daughter who said that she was the one who destroyed her daughter-in-law, "Iinazuke," and that she had begun to see it at the festivals of the three companies, was a geisha at Yanagibashi.
By the way, even if it is said to be a twilight man as a drowsy man who has no distinction between night and day in its color, livelihood, and neoki, Edokko. It's an atmosphere, and I'm empty-handed to go to Yanagibashi's mansion-no, the mansion is above-somehow to the house. The name of the performer is Kodama.
Whether it was borrowed or slaughtered, it is still not a referee, but even though it is a long-cherished desire, even in the spring rain like silk thread, there is no juban, and the skin is thin. It doesn't matter if it's cloudy to show off to your friends that you slammed the umbrella with a willow brush and a brush, saying that it was a "juban", brute, and lent me anything. When it comes to the situation and the long-awaited rain, the giboshi near the Nagaya and Shimizutani to Bancho, which was still old if you didn't feel like a water wheel. At Benkei Bridge, where you can enter Shimizudani and have a giboshi attached to it, you can feel the willow in your chest and become a jerk ... Oh, I want to see you. I want to see my face.
[# Indent 4 characters from here]
Kotama, Kotama
Kotama ...
[# End of indentation here]
The voices of the frogs in that area all screamed, screaming.
Yui, the ghost of the small lantern in the distant snowy country of Itoshichi * [# "Frog + Iwao no Tsukuri", 3rd level 1-84-33] * [# "Frog + sheep", 3rd level 1-84- 32] If the place to wander is Kojyoutin, and it is not that the place was struck by the story, it is a remarkable strange situation because of the frog. The flowers of the grass, the word "koto", are not limited to butterflies, bird wings, and beaks, and their seeds may fly to the ground, travel around the sky, and bear fruit at any time. -These are nothing more than dew on the grass and flowers, and even if they don't bear fruit, they are disguised as faint leaves and have a fragile color, but even less. It's been a long time.
Speaking of dawn, when I picked up the Yanagibashi's umbrella in Katsuto as an essay-before that, it had been about thirty years since Itoshichi heard the voice of a frog in Kodama-koji, but my heart The seeds of the story, lurking somewhere in the heart, hiding somewhere in the heart, without wings, without beating, without color, without shadow, did not reveal its shape from the essay or the inkstone. I forgot as if it had disappeared.
After 14th and 45 years from that time, I suddenly thought about it while listening to the frogs at the inner temple of Shuzenji Temple. It depends.
I wonder if it will be eternal, a small flower with a human heart.
Oh, it ’s eternal ...
It wasn't a female ream that you could understand.
"--Let's turn this umbrella around."
Itoshichi talked about Yanagibashi in the rain.
"Like the current Katsuto did at Benkei Bridge."
"Give me a lot."
My wife screamed with just a voice. It was lined up on the edge of the rice field, but when there was a daughter inside, it was so dark that I couldn't see her face anymore.
"But strangely, by the way ... I heard that the voice of a frog was a small ball of a woman who longed for it. It's "really", it's not a skewer "jodan", aunt, it's still screaming, it's a loud voice, aunt. "
"It's totally strange, I think it's because of my mind, isn't it? ... Speaking of my mind, Shin-chan, that all-out voice is Katsuto-san. do not?……
[# Indent 4 characters from here]
Katto, Katto,
Katto ……
[# End of indentation here]
It ’s all together, everyone …… 」
"Mmm, I can hear you-Kat, Kat-or by the way.-I see, this is interesting."
The mystery of my wife is rarely answered, but this is not enough, I envied the voice of the frog at Kodama alley, forgetting the old hunger, and getting on the figure, I crouched down to the edge of the rice field, and when I suddenly sat down, I lined up my shoulders diagonally behind me and borrowed the edge of the eaves. I was surprised to see him with an umbrella.
"Oh, thank you for this."
That habit, the driver at first, is in charge of guiding the way, and the one is for the women's ream, because of the magical warding of the sword that is close to the head. Because it was raining, I got out of the table and escorted me to the car and folded my arms from my head to a slender black dress. The loneliness of the dark night's ridge, which had been sung as a 《Nawate》, was flattered by the women and attracted to them.
"I'm sorry, Mr. Kumazawa."
At such times, the driver who was a reliable driver had a daughter-instead, apologized for Itoshichi,
"Hey, Kodama, Kodama ... Kat, Kat ... Sounds like my aunt."
"Frog Nakama will be the color of the time when it's light, don't squeal well, don't squeal and squeal, it's said that the stars will fall, but the rain that hits that voice is a flower. There is a sound of "Hanabira". "
When there was a moon, the shadow of the peony that bloomed on the ridges that I saw in the daytime would be reflected here as a heavy umbrella.
"Husband."
“………”
With a strangely changed voice
"Lanterns are coming-it's a lantern from the other side."
"There is a lot of people."
"At this time, I'm sure he's the person who is there."
Although it was for my daughter, my wife silently saw it.
It may be said that the entrance to the hot spring town is out of the way, and one light is coming to this place rather than that fishing bridge, a few shaku away from the soil, but it is not just women's reams. Even if it's Itoshichi, the first thing I noticed was the one from the land, and the driver who knew what was going on was the first one. He may have been scared as if a demon fire had burned on his belly. ...... The lanterns that you can see are swelling and lanterns, and they are very big. ...... I think you know Takahari standing up to the eaves, but that's about it, but at such a time of the night ridge, it's not enough. For example, you can think of it as cutting the rain umbrella in half and adding a little bulge.
Whether it was the amount of trees, the clouds were low, or the water was deep, there was no shadow of what I had, just the lanterns.
The wet color "Nureiro" is light oil to move, and the white luster is taken, and the rain that falls is scattered on the dew, and when a thin splash is made, the shining piece of the flying dew Another fluffy ring of light in the air is wrapped in the shape of a large lantern, and the color of the soaked water is ripe and flexed in a breath, while the wind I will come by without accompanying.
If the figure is delicate, about one woman will be a shadow master and a large lantern that seems to be sucked into the upside down, so a little "a little" everyone's voice * [# "mouth + Kyo" Instead of "Kyo", "Mata no Tsukuri-Mouth", U + 35AD, 378-12] <<.
"The water in the rice field looks like a frog. If it's that light, there are stripes, spots, and red, or the shape of the frog will be revealed. "
The driver said it was so close. At the same time, when I thought that the lantern was blocked like a big cow with a car, the lantern shrank and became smaller than a normal handbag. There are many stories in remote areas that trains have run over old foxes that imitate them on railroad tracks. Culture reduces youkai. However, if you think about it again, the handle, which looked out of the ordinary for some reason, may have revealed its original appearance in a surprised time signature.
"Nanmu, Kanzeon ..."
Please ask me this. ...... Rather than a crowing frog, which seems to be a villager, it seems that he is holding a mud turtle, a drop of water, a deep raindrop, and a hat immediately. It's not always the case, because I wrapped my head in an old hat, a towel, or a soot, so I couldn't understand my eyes and nose. He tried to rub against two small, familiar women, and when he retired in a dreadful manner, he recovered and picked up the lantern.
As if I was hiding the sound, I thought that I would just go past the mountainside without making a shrine sound, so I leaned over and put a lantern on the profile of Itoshichi over the driver's shoulder. It was protruding.
Two eyes that seemed to be frogs were reflected.
Immediately, I returned it to the original position, and this time around, I raised a lantern on my daughter's face.
At that time, the name of the Bodhisattva was chanted--
"Minami Mukanzeon."
Continued to sing again.
"Minami Mukanzeon ..."
In response to this familiar voice, the daughter hung her neck, which was made up after the bath, and turned down with her bangs. On her white face, which was transmitted by the rain of the scent of the white powder, Ichijo, a slight crimson. The one that was thinned was the lantern that Mino had handed in the near future-I saw it as a pattern-it reflected the vermilion ... I heard later that it was vermilion, and I wrote "Good evening". It was.
I listened to this brilliantly, but no one had the opportunity to speak out and return the nod to the silent greeting, but following the title of Bodhisattva, the wife of Itoshichi also put his palm together. It was.
"Minami Mukanzeon ..."
Repeatedly, the lantern under the mino went deep as I looked at the mouth of the inner part, as if sucking into the mouth of the cave, and squeezed from my shoulder to the skirt and disappeared.
"It was like a mockery, on the way home, that owl is still singing--old man ... old man .... the old man was surprised, any unexpected rain. I'm the first lady in the dark ... I'm sure my grandfather wished for mercy for the creepiness, but Kannon-sama's eaves helped me ... I got a cold sweat. "
Then the car is fast.
"Kannon-sama-Are you a man or a woman?"
As Hibikino responded,
"I can't say anything about it, it's a beautiful woman."
And, the monthly tea bath day of Sensoji Temple was almost full, and a niece who never missed it for three years said.
"That's right, my husband."
"That's what ..."
In the good salt plum 《Anbai》, the car entered the entrance of the azalea's bright blue inn, where the rain had stopped and the wet-colored pillars in the shade of the green leaves were lightly blue.
In response to welcoming you and saying something wrong, Itoshichi 、
"I'm home, and the umbrella of Yoasobi has returned. -Mr. Kumazawa, now, ask the proper boy at Shuzenji Temple."

Tengu's fire, magical light-No, just because I saw a mysterious big lantern in the rainy night's ridge, I dared to ride on the figure and try to talk about youkai. It's not, on the contrary, knowing that it seems to be an ordinary elephant if there is a chance, Itochi wants to be relieved with reading without a second. I think.
Scholarship is trivial and stubborn, what you should study, what you should read, and later live in Kishu, a well-known peddler, Minakata Kumagusu. Looking at the essay by Mr. Minakata Kumagusu, in the chapter that says "About the dragon lantern", the same old man named Kodayu Itokawa of Kishu Tanabe, every time until middle age. It seems to be the end of autumn when I peddled Nomori village ... One night, I lived in Minato in Atashika village, and there is a place called Asaya on the river in Minato, along with Futakijima and Katamura. The area between Sone and Atashika, which is connected to the valley, has been called the Tengu-do since ancient times, and it is a place where people are swayed. Occasionally, the night when the old man Itokawa stayed was a heavy wind and rain, and the owner of the inn was a very old couple. Then, even when I heard that he embraced the pillars that swayed and flexed with the guests, and stood in a basket of only three tatami mats under the ceiling with a slight plate shape left ... The eaves are thoughtful. Yui, a nephew of an old man who lives in Hatori, the same county, invites his cousin who lives in Chanogihara, tightens his abdomen naked, crosses two rivers on the way, and comes to visit his uncle and his wife. Even when I heard that I arrived at the inn at 2 o'clock in the middle of the night, the bravery was almost non-human, but the storm was heavy and the rain was heavy. In the darkness of Nyoho, on the mine that swallowed Futani, there was a great bonfire, and all the storms were fierce. He said that he said that he realized that the name of Tengu-do had come up, knowing that he was a group of villagers who were going to be hit by the same heavy storm. Is it the fire of Nermo?
It should be noted that Mr. Minamikata, who was in charge of the west last year, spent too much time in the Hidaka Tanyu River with the lantern of Taito Ban from Muro-gun Antogamine. A large number of people came to search deeply from the mountain lodge of relief, and the only lantern among the number of people was that he suddenly burned dozens of bonfires at once. It is written that it looked so big. What's more, I'm glad that, following the discourse, on the way to Zenkoji Temple, Yajirobei and Kitahachi, who are the usual hunters, talk about Tengu, who has shrunk the tongue of his hunter. Come out and pull your nose * [# "Tehen + Inferior", 3rd level 1-84-77] I waited for "Hunting" to polish the bird's food. The matchlock that the hunter dropped | Immediately jumped to the treetop of a large tree, and the fire that had been as big as a butt was instantly the size of Matsuaki. The branches and leaves rustled and burned, so my head, legs, and hunter shrank, and I could only save my life. # "Thu + (厂 + Man)", 4th level 2-15-69] Face shop "Tochimenya", Kitariya "Kitariya", and Crawl "Shako" I think it's the only one among them ... I'm afraid that I was terrified by the height of my nose while shedding tears, according to Mr. Minamikata's current writing.
It seems that the night lights sometimes show a mysterious elephant, depending on the location.
Fortunately, the driver was not a hunter, and the women were the first to be afraid of the crowing of the owl, so the big lantern passed safely.
However, in order to draw an example, preach the cause, enlighten the cause, and show the insight of an adult, it was a little later to listen to Mr. Minamikata's narrative.
In fact, if you talk about a mystery, you will be a mystery, and if you talk about it, you will be shadowed. So, while I was staying, I didn't say the mystery of the big lantern repeatedly when I took it out, and when I returned to Tokyo, everyone disappeared ... The women, who are not likely to be noticed by people, are too busy to predict the weather the next day by the fire transfer at the bottom of the kettle, so they just left it as it was.
The following year-it was the end of autumn. Itoshichi saw the same lanterns appearing in the same place at night in Sanpogatsuji. -
Even so, the first season is different, it wasn't the time when the frogs squealed, and at that time, only my wife was accompanied, and it was Ito 71 who was away from the inn and walked at night. It was a person.
The supper was a little late at night, my wife said she was going to take a bath, and Itoshichi wandered around before she went to bed, and headed for the Okunoin road. ,
"First of all, one person-tonight."
Say hello to the stone monument on the way, and in a good mood for a slight incense. A friend of mine in Dalian gave me a souvenir, which is not a good item, but it is regrettable to hear the incense alone with a wonderful scent. I dropped it in the water, but it was so quiet on all four sides that I could hear it disappearing with a rustling sound. …… That fishing bridge, its three treasures Tsuji ――The night before last, the village of Yamairi, which was hidden by the darkness of the lanterns, suddenly * [# "eyes + phrase", 4th level 2-81-91] << I saw it, but it hasn't fallen more than the original tonight, but I wonder how many days the moon will be. There was no shadow, no wind.
Even after the scent of cigarettes comes, it seems to remain a little, and it smells on my sleeves. I crossed the Itabashi, which was just ahead of me, without a cigarette in the white of Nawata.
Don't forget the scenery you saw here, the Inada after the 苅 is wrapped in a thick fog, and as far as you can see, the road with light smoke in the ghost is loose and long. Far away, far and near, to the fruit of the clouds in the inner temple, and to the endlessly, Ichimura's establishment of Kodachi continues.
If you count the route to the left and right of the shore of the rice field, one, two, three, four, five, six, seven in order, it will be softly wrapped in fog. The end "Ura" As if it had disappeared, one by two, three, four, five, Inatsuka-that Inatsuka is a little sick, no, it's light after the fruit, but it's night. Like the big lid of the thin ink stone lanterns that sank in the sun, they lined up in a well-behaved manner, but they were invisible at the bottom of the clouds, like the endless Yatsuhashi over the moon. I was stared at.
Although the four sides are, it is just a foggy haze.
Itoshichi inadvertently ecstatically screamed at the crossing of such a bridge, but the sound of the stream sank near the skirt, and the sunk was from below. It seemed to float, and it made me feel lonely that it was too quiet.
When that Inatsuka swells, it doesn't start to move, or it becomes a raccoon dog with a big hat one by one, and eventually it invites each other, nods, holds hands, turns around. In return, why don't you laugh out and laugh at it? ...... It's still easy to give. I heard that they believed in Buddhism and pilgrimaged to the sacred grounds because of their ties, and that group of sea pigs swam in the fog of the wild mountains and lined up one after another, floating and sinking. The shape of the straw in Inazuka has the taste of a big phantom hat, which is similar to moving your head without sound. ......
No, it's not a skewer, but suddenly, I thought about that, but I was swayed by the sound of the stream swaying quietly at the bottom of the color at night. I wonder if my heart is empty ...
Nothing can be said about the appearance, but to put it bluntly, Itoshichi is ... I can't call it a fox "Kori" -I was almost fascinated by the fog that turned the area into the ocean. Probably, that's right ...
Then, like the orchid of Yuya, when I throw away the maki-bako, which I had heard alone, in the stream from there, the crimson bud disappears, and it does not reach the water and sucks in the fog. I saw it as a certainty. However, I felt that the soil of the bridge I stepped on immediately was fluffy and soft.
Then.
It was at Sanpogatsuji, and I met a lantern again.
When I returned to the original Sanpogatsuji, at almost the same place as sometime, a lantern fluttered from the hot spring town to the Okunoin approach to the new fishing bridge. It appeared in white.
Itoshichi stopped.
Suddenly, the lantern could be big enough for Nioh to grab it. The night spirit-the night spirit is almost "almost" similar, but it doesn't rain now, but the angles of the lights are almost the same, so according to what was taught by the current Southern Studies "Minakatagaku" In this case, I happened to think that I could see Elmo's fire in my heart.
――No, the lanterns were set in the fog that didn't move, but when I thought that I was a little closer to Shizuka, it was too different. It doesn't look like a relative who has a "cheek". The glossy and black hair and the beautiful white face of the color can be seen as a slender length.
The lady is the only one at this time.
Although it may be piled up, Itoshichi did not meet a human figure from the time he left the inn until now. Well, let's get to the village after passing through the bottom of the darkness. However, the number of houses that I remembered in the forest of Shizuno flew to the inner temple, which was about 67 houses, which was less than 10 in the fog. Where will it be sucked? The only thing I'm used to is the number of Inatsuka, which is far downhill with "all the way" and "Nawate". ――Moreover, it is not decided by the taste of a woman in the village.
The fog is covered with a wet-colored gauze, and it is transparent. The woven, moist and another haori was the same, and looked darker and blacker than that.
Sometimes, the lantern of the example, because it was around the knee, the sword disappeared, and the chest band was near the sky, and the moon shadow hidden in the bottom of the cloud was graceful. It glowed white while matting so that it would only be reflected there.
However, what I'm saying here is that, even though it's a little bit like the town, I wonder if it's reflected by the amount of light, even though it's called "shoin". It is transparent that the piece "Hanabira", the scarlet leaf, it does not scatter, it is thin and slender, and the hair-pulling "Kebiki" gankin "Karigane" is reflected in the lantern as if it was drawn in red. "Sukitoo" is just beautiful.
"tonight."
In this silence, if you suddenly call out and make a mistake, thunder in your ears ... is too dignified, and that's what surprises the lady so much that the owl blows the conch. If you shut up and get out, you'll think the raccoon dog will swim.
This is limited to not moving.
First of all, I should wait for it to brighten like a small mountain of lanterns.
Itoshichi had once bathed in Atami three times, and there is an acquaintance's massage there. Healing is good, he can see a little, he is really good at night talk, and there are many night outs due to work, but there are various stories, but first of all, in the field in front of Mizuguchien From the brilliant grass that was in the middle of the night, to the feet, the big Hanko "Otoko" who stood up like a swelling cow stood up suddenly big to the tip of the nose. "Match Hey?" "Take off your body-in front of you .... What, the laborer of this neighborhood tunnel construction is drunk and ox?" He was lying down. However, at that time, I remembered myself, and I was trembling when I shook. "Hey, I went to the villa of the new hot spring for medical treatment. At midnight, the time was just "Ushimitsu", and I went up to the Miya Shrine of the coming "Ki", and the new hot spring was opened in the back mountain of the shrine. In the tunnel, which is the lower door, I came across a lot of worshipers at the time of the ox. The pale, thin-faced woman "woman" who had long black hair with her shoulders split into a candle, is the only one in the cold, like a yukata, even though she is wearing a white costume. It must have been an iron mallet that lit a candle that I heard to stand on a thread frame with an open flame to the left and hung it in my right hand. By the way, what I think of as a straw doll is a white cloth, and the small box is wrapped under the milk. I crawl like a snake, but as I walked, I thought that the wet movement was reflected in the shaking of the candlelight, and it seemed like dripping blood on the hairline, in the promised mouth. It was an epigastrium, a comb that tears up to its ears, and a burning red coat. No, the figure just pierces the ceiling of the tunnel of true darkness, and when I make a mistake, the white barefoot that grows up and passes in front of me Let's go to the inn pond, a small boat. It looked like it was frosting, "I sat down and sank. When I hit that nail, it was a cedar, a camphor tree, or a big pale to the treetop. Let's get on the face. "
――At the end of autumn, there was still a long time ago, and that night I was asked to recuperate inside the old mansion of Go, the hometown of Ajiro. Yamakoshi's sword, which is famous for its flag cherry blossoms * [# "Kozatohen + Nozukuri", Level 3 1-93-59] "Shokei" is now buried in "Chigaya", and people come and go. There was almost no dandruff on the new road that goes to Ito, and I followed that coast, and it was night dandruff.
It will be two o'clock soon.
Since I left Amiyo's mansion, the pine winds and waves on the way, the scarlet leaves that fell on the road do not move, the moon is frosty, and the moon is frosty. The rocky shores also looked like amethyst one by one, and the miscellaneous trees on the mountainside were blue, and the old clogs that had been worn were also white and clear as if frost had been placed.
...... I don't have a peony, but the lion in Echigo ... No, it's not, if I had a taste, I would have managed to make a cliff even with Ishibashi, under my eyes on the way. There is a place where a bridge is built along the cliff by disturbing the thread of Shiranami, there is a place where a waterfall hangs on the cliff and there is a pool under the bridge, from Atami to Ajiro This part of the coast that passes through is, so to speak, a place of excellence. When Mr. Anma just crossed the bridge, the sound of the crisp clogs and the crisp sound of the Iwahada, which protruded from the root of the mountain turning Urasoe, echoed. When I heard it, I was surprised to think that it was a young woman, who was close to me, and I could understand it, as if the sound was flowing while my feet were stagnant.
A young woman 《woman》 was in the middle of the night without a single feather sound of the bird 《Nedori》. Anma-san has a tremendous amount of experience when he was a ox, but even if he didn't, it was a case of a cliff that eventually struck a hard-working woman. When I thought about it, I was struck by the sickness, and my legs shrank to the front and back, to the right, I rolled to the sea, and to the left, I went to the abyss. drop down. Hold the cane in both hands and grab the roots, sit firmly, give up the bridge without the parapet for about nine minutes, and let it pass by. It seems that he waited for a minute, bathing in the sound of a waterfall on his spine, crouching, and waiting for the beautiful devil to pass. It's been a long time, in front of you. I thought that Karan and Colon could be heard directly there, but in reality it was a lonely moonlit night, so it echoed from a distance, so the main body was far away, and I went to the place. It takes time, the cold is cold, and when that happens, the sound of the waterfall and the swaying rattling did not stop, but it seems to be a story, even if it flies. No, what, you, there is one man here in Tsukiaki who bites the bridge, but without disturbing the tone of his face, he eventually passes by. Let's hear a lot about whether it's a demon or a demon, but I don't feel like that at all. I don't try to get away from it because I'm clinging to it. No matter what, I'm a young woman with a medium height of Ginkgo sewn ... My daughter, mysterious-sister, sister-I'm chilling As much as I did, I was so regretful that I was going to clear my hands, but-where are you going by yourself at this time?-No, that, I'm going to Amiyo. I'm a daughter of a farmer, and after the evening I helped with the stray work, I also say that I'm going to Atami for sewing lessons, a thin massage, but a big man, that's it. I asked the old man that he didn't feel alive, but he was courageous and not scared. If the woman isn't scared of anything, she'll aim at the ball of the mischievous man's eyes. You know, I had to pull it out in my other hand, it wasn't Kushigi, but even if I knew that I was the daughter of Amiyo, who was sewing, she had a beautiful face and a nice yoko. At midnight of the moonlit night, I said that from time to time ... I rubbed my head and bowed to the spine of the listener, Kikite. According to Kannon-sama's maid, Benzaiten-sama's maiden, and her daughter's sewing, she shouldn't look like Orihime, who has just descended.
In any of these stories, in any case, this Anma-san in Atami, who is not accompanied by the merits of adventure and the victory of heroism, can be said to be a kind of personality, and should be learned.
――In the place, it is the case of Itoshichi at Sanpogatsuji on the temple road in the back of Shuzenji.
In the fog at night, I saw a beautiful woman, a woman, approaching with a faint lantern.
Itoshichi learned from the example of a personality as it is, but because it was not anma, his posture was opposite to that of the culvert, and he took a cane on his knee in front of the road. Because it seems to hinder the passage of people. So, I crouched down to the side of the road.
Sagasato, crouching down, touching the spine is a small eggplant pebbles with sardines ... Speaking of which, when I heard a frog with a broad bean someday, the ridges were here. I think I was planting broad beans nearby ... The lanterns are already in front of me ... Along with the lights, the astringent purple small eggplants left on the dead stalks slap my eyebrows and hit my ears. The figure of the woman passed by, as if she had just blocked her eyes.
Or, the one who wasn't alone, the one who was the middle-back of Ginkgo-return, was the illusion that he had attached to Mr. Anma's story, and of course, the only one, the middle-back. Rather than being slender and tall, it is noble and dignified.
The figure does not go to the dark village of Yamairi "Yakiri", but the road is folded in order toward the bridge that goes to the inner temple with a little sleeve licking, that, down the road. The number of Inatsuka, which seemed to be far more delicate, gradually went farther.
The lantern, which was on the left sleeve at the beginning from the fishing bridge, was so, I glanced at it at that time, and it seems that I could change the lantern before and after passing in front of Itoshichi. Is done.
Even now, it doesn't disappear, and the anti-colored, flickering little crimson seems to float in the shape of two red dragonflies with wings connected. It seems that it has sunk, and it is not clear whether it is a red dragonfly as it is or a picture drawn on a lantern, but the state is clear, and the white ears of the tail flower are like the fog loosening in the feathers. The lanterns are fluttering, and the faint sound is transmitted, and the two red streaks appear pale pink while getting wet with the dew on the turf.



Bottom book: "Bungo Kaidan Masterpiece Selection Kyoka Izumi Black Wall" Chikuma Bunko, Chikuma Shobo
First print issued on October 10, 2006 (Heisei 18)
Parent of the bottom book: "Kyoka Zenshu 24th Volume" Iwanami Shoten
June 30, 1940 (Showa 15)
First appearance: "Bungei Shunju"
November 1939 issue
* The mixture of ruby "Nawate" and "Nawata" for "Ru" is the same as the original.
Input: Hiroshi Kadota
Proofreading: Shinichi Sakamoto
Created January 12, 2017
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
