Half-seven catch book
Stone lantern
Kido Okamoto

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Caller << Shoyaku >>

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Seven or eight people |

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) [# 5 indentation] 1 [# "1" is a middle heading]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

[# 5 indentation] 1 [# "1" is the middle heading]

The half-seven old man once told me a detailed story about his old identity. For the convenience of those who read the detective stories of the Edo period, I would like to sell them here for a while.
"The catch book is like a checking book in your room when you hear the report of Yoriki and concentricity, and then report it to the Machi-bugyōsho. I'll write it down for the time being. I used to call it a catch book, "Hanshichi explained first. "Then, it seems that people are giving various names to us, such as Machi-bugyō, Okabiki, and minions, but Machi-bugyō is a kind of honorific word, and it's time to admire this from others. Or, this is the word used to scare others, and the ostensibly called name is "komono". However, it is generally called Okabiki in the world, so there are about four or five concentric people in Yoriki, and a few Okabiki under the concentricity. In the order that there are four or five minions under the Okabiki, if Okabiki also has a slightly nice face, seven or eight people alone | The upper part is that the salary given to the small person, that is, Okabiki, from the town servant is one minute and two red per month, and when it gets worse, it is about one minute. Even in the "easy" era, one minute or one minute and two reds a month is not enough. In addition, there are five or ten people who have minions, and the salary of those minions does not come out from anywhere. The boss, Okabiki, has to take care of it. In other words, from the beginning, the system has been created so that the ten-roban board cannot be taken, so various harmful effects naturally occur. So, when it comes to Okabiki and minions, the world has come to treat them as "mamushi", but most Okabiki are doing business separately. I used to do hot springs and small dishes by name. "
For that reason, only a small number of small children, that is, Okabiki, are officially recognized by the Machi-Bugyosho, and many of the minions are just like reading and working as Okabiki's minions. Therefore, Okabiki and his minions have a natural parental molecule relationship, and his minions are eating rice in Okabiki's kitchen. Of course, there was a pretty good man in his minions, and if he didn't have a good minion, his boss Okabiki couldn't have a good face.
Hanshichi was not a child of Okabiki. Born to the head of a cotton shop in Nihonbashi, Momendana, he died of his father, Hanbei, when he was thirteen and his sister Kume was five. The mother's people will set up a widow to raise their two children safely, and let half-seven of their older brothers succeed their father and let them serve in the original shop. However, Hanshichi, who has a hobby skin, did not like the indentured servitude.
"I'm also an unfaithful person, and when I was young, I made my mother cry a lot."
That was half-seven confession. He learned the taste of hogaku before he could lift his shoulders, and finally jumped out of his house and became a child of Okabiki named Yoshigoro Kanda. Kichigoro was a man with a bad drinking habit, but he kindly took care of his minions. Half-seven has been working for his minions for about a year, and the time has come to show the name of his first team, Uijin.
"I will never forget Tenpo | In December of the year of Ox, I was the end of the nineteenth year."
The merit story of the half-seven old man was like this.

The 12th year of the Tenpo calendar, Koyomi, was also the day of the shadow of the beginning of December, which was nearing the end. As Hanshichi was hanging around the main street of Nipponbashi, a young man with a blue face came out from Yokomachi, Shiraki, with a lot of trouble. The man was the head of an old haberdashery shop called Kikumura in Yokomachi. Half-seven was born in this neighborhood, so he knew him since he was a kid.
"Where, Kiyoshi ..."
When asked, Seijiro silently gave a nod. The complexion of the young clerk was darker than today's winter sky, and it finally caught my eyes.
"It looks like my complexion looks terrible, even if it's cold ..."
"No, what else"
It seemed that Seijiro's heart was at a loss, but soon he approached and whispered.
"Actually, I don't know where Mr. Ogiku is going ..."
"Mr. Okiku ... What happened?"
"I went to visit Kannon in Asakusa with a bamboo don that was a middleman after yesterday's noon, but I got lost in the middle of the day and only the bamboo don returned vaguely. I came. "
"It's past noon yesterday ...", half-seven frowned. "That way, you won't show up until today. Your mother will not be worried. You don't have any idea. That's a little weird."
Of course, at the Kikumura store, I was scrutinizing everything from last night to this morning, but Seijiro said that there was no clue. He didn't seem to sleep well last night, and his tired eyes were shining sharply behind his crimson eyes.
"Mr. Banto. It's not a joke. Maybe you took it out and hid it somewhere," Hanshichi struck the other person's shoulder and laughed.
"No, don't fly ...", Seijiro dyed his blue face a little.
The fact that the daughter and Seijiro were not just a master-slave relationship was a little glaring. However, the honest Seijiro didn't even think of writing a bad law that would entice her daughter to run away from home. Kikumura's distant relatives are in Hongo, so I thought it was a waste, but Seijiro relied on me, saying that I'm going to go there for the time being. The hair of his puffy bottle was lonely and terrified by the cold wind of December.
"Then, go and see it. I'll be careful at best."
"What do you want?"
After parting with Seijiro, Hanshichi immediately visited the Kikumura store. The Kikumura store had a four-and-a-half frontage, and there was a lattice door on the left side of one of the narrow openings. Half-seven had known that in a deep house, the eight tatami mats in the back seemed to be the living room of the master, and there was a small garden facing north of about 10 tsubo in front of it.
Kikumura's husband died about five years ago, and now the female otora is closing the family. Ogiku was a seed of a keepsake and was a beautiful daughter of eighteen this year. At the store, in addition to the large clerk named Shigezo, two young clerk Seijiro and Fujiyoshi, and four other kid boys were still indentured. In the back, half-seven remembered that there were two maids working in the kitchen, as well as bamboo, who works with the tiger parent and child.
Half-seven also met the mistress's otora. I also met the big boss, Shigezo. I also met bamboo, a middle-aged worker. But everyone was just sighing with a dimly distorted face and gave no suggestion to half-seven about exploring the whereabouts of his daughter.
On his way home, Hanshichi called the bamboo out of the grid and whispered.
"Otake-don. You're the person who accompanied Okiku-san, so you can't escape the relationship with this one. If anything happens, I'm sure you'll let me know. No, it's not good to hide it. "
The young bamboo was swaying with an ash-like complexion. Seeing that the sword was good, when half-seven came back in the morning, the bamboo that was sweeping cold in front of the lattice came to me as if I couldn't wait.
"Hey, Hanshichi-san. Okiku-san came back last night."
"I'm back. That's good."
"However, I soon disappeared somewhere."
"That's weird."
"It's weird .... and then I can't see it again."
"Did no one know that he was back?"
"No, I know it, and I've certainly seen her, but before I knew it ..."
The person who spoke was more likely than the person who listened to it.

[# 5 indentation] Two [# "two" is the middle heading]

"It was about the time when the six sunsets in Ishimachi were just heard yesterday evening," said Bamboo in a quiet voice, as if he had seen something scary. "When I thought that this grid was clear, Mr. Ogiku silently came in, because all the other maids were preparing dinner in the kitchen. I was the only one there. When I called out to him, "Okiku-san," he just turned around and went all the way to the living room in the back. When I thought that there was a mother's voice saying "Oh, Okikukae" in the back, she came out from the back and asked, "Isn't Okiku there?" "No, I don't know," she said with a funny face, "Because you're here now. Look for it." I looked for "Uchiju", but I couldn't see the shadow or shape of Mr. Ogiku. There were all the clerk in the store, and there were maids in the kitchen, but no one. It seems that no one has seen Kiku-san's appearance. I think he came out of the garden, but Kido is still closed from the inside, and it doesn't seem to have come out of here. It's still strange. The thing is, isn't Okiku-san's clogs left in the lattice that came in at the beginning? This time, did he go out with a slapstick? I don't know first. "
"What kind of clothes did Mr. Ogiku wear at that time?" Asked Hanshichi, thinking.
"It was the same as when I left the house of the day before yesterday. I wore a kimono of Honbakihachi and a mauve hood ..."
The bear of Shirakoya exposed the merciless figure of Honbakihachi on the horse that was drawn around, and this young daughter Honbakihachi was completely gone for a while, but these days he gradually started to do it, and before his career. The daughter also followed her eyes to imitate the pieces she saw in the play. Hanshichi drew in his head the daughter of a cute downtown, Shitamachi, with a collared Honbakihachi and a scarlet sash.
"Did Okiku wear a hood when he left home?"
"Yes, mauve | Chirimen ..."
This reply disappointed Hanshichi a little. Then, when I asked him if he had lost something, he said that there was no such thing as bamboo. After all, when the mother was sitting in the living room of the eight tatami mats in the back, it seemed that the sliding doors were revealed in detail, so when I turned around, I found a cotton case of Honbakihachi. I glanced at the girl wearing a mauve hood. When I called out with surprise and joy, the fusuma was closed again without sound. My daughter has disappeared somewhere. It seems that somewhere after the end of the non-working "Higo", the soul got lost in the house where she was born, but she surely came in with a grid. It was. Moreover, as proof of the living, he left the mud clogs in the lattice.
"When I went to Asakusa the day before yesterday, did my daughter meet Kiyoshi somewhere?" Hanshichi asked again.
"No"
"Don't hide it. It's written properly on your face. My daughter and the clerk had a meeting from the front, and I think I met at a teahouse in Okuyama or something."
Bamboo couldn't be hidden and finally confessed. Ogiku has a relationship with the young leader, Seijiro, and sometimes sneaks outside. Of course, the day before yesterday's Kannon pilgrimage was also for that reason, and Kiku went to a teahouse in Okuyama with Seijiro who was waiting. Bamboo, who played the role of the owner, took off the spot and was playing around the precincts of Kannon for half an hour. Then when I came back to the teahouse, I couldn't see them anymore. According to the woman in the teahouse, the man returned to his feet and the daughter eventually left. The tea fee was paid by my daughter.
"Then I walked looking for it, but I couldn't see Mr. Ogiku. I wondered if I had returned earlier, and when I hurried back to my house, I also went home. I guess he hasn't returned. I asked Kiyoshi-san at the inside of the house, but he said he didn't know anything after he returned to his feet. I can't say that, so I decided to get lost on the way, but I don't know how worried both Kiyoshi and I are from the day before yesterday. I'm glad to come back last night. It disappeared again soon ... I have no idea what happened. "
Half-seven silently listened to the bamboo whispering in a sloppy voice.
"What do you know now? Tell your mom and clerk not to worry too much. I'll be back today."
When Hanshichi returned to Kanda and told this story to his boss, Yoshigoro shook his head and said that his head was suspicious. However, Hanshichi didn't feel like doubting the honest Seijiro.
"No matter how honest you are, you're a bastard who works with your husband's daughter, do you know what to do? If you go tomorrow, pull the lead," said Yoshigoro.
Around four (10 o'clock) in the morning, half-seven piled up and went around to the Kikumura store, and a lot of people were standing in front of the store. A lot of people whispered something whispering, looking into the inside with curiosity and anxiety. Even the dogs in the neighborhood were wandering under the feet of many people. When I turned to the back and opened the grid, the narrow shoes were filled with sandals and clogs. Bamboo came out immediately with a crying face.
"Hey. What happened?"
"My mom was killed ..."
Bamboo started crying out loud. Half-seven was taken by the dismay.
"Who killed me"
Bamboo started crying again without replying. When I listened to the details of the watermark, I was killed by someone last night. It is said that he does not know who he is, but in fact his daughter, Kiku, broke his hand. Bamboo said he saw it. It was said that not only the bamboo but also the maid Yutaka and Katsu saw the same appearance of the chrysanthemum.
If it is not false, it goes without saying that Okiku is a criminal of parental killing. The incident became so serious that it appeared before half-seven. Half-seven, who had been involved in the affairs of the townhouse's daughter and the servant, which was not uncommon until now, and the amount of money, was a little annoyed by this serious incident.
"But I have to show my arms at such times," said the young man, who tried hard and gave up his courage.
My daughter was uncertain when she went to Sakioto. It came home on a dad's night and soon disappeared again. Then I thought I was back again last night, but this time I killed my mother and ran away. It was imagined that this had to be related to a very complicated situation.
"And what happened to my daughter?"
"I don't know what happened," Otake cried again.
When I heard him crying and complaining, Okiku showed the same shape to my house around the same time as the night before. I didn't know where he came from this time, but in the back, the mother suddenly shouted, "Oh, Ogiku ...". Then the mother screamed. When Otake and the other two maids were surprised and ran, I saw a chrysanthemum behind the porch. Okiku also wore Honbakihachi and a mauve hood.
The three had to look at the mother first, rather than holding down the chrysanthemum. The tora was stabbed under the left breast and fell down with the breath of an insect. A red spring was flowing all over the tatami mats. The three shouted [# "Kya" as an emphasis mark] and stood up. The people at the store were surprised by this voice and all came to me.
"Okiku ... Okiku ..."
Tora seemed to say something like this, but no one could hear anything more than that. She died while many were upset. As soon as I appealed under the joint name of the town officials, an autopsy official came. It was discovered that the wound of the otora was deeply scooped out with something like a sharp aikuchi.
All the people in my wife were investigated. He replied that no one knew the bad guy, because he was reluctant to say something inadvertently and not to damage the store's goodwill. However, it seems that the officials' attention was drawn to the fact that his daughter, Kiku, was not present. Seijiro, who was discovered to have a relationship with Okiku, was immediately pulled away from the scene. There is nothing in the bamboo yet, but she was afraid that there would be no living sky, as she would eventually leave it in the town.
"I'm supposed to fly," Hanshichi sighed unintentionally.
"What will happen to me?", Otake seemed to be afraid of how heavy the sin of Makizoe was. Then he cried like a mad woman, saying, "I want to die more."
"Don't be stupid. You're an important witness," Hanshichi scolded.
"Who came, no matter what the request came with me"
"Everything seems to be Gentaro-san."
"Mmm, that's right. Setomonocho?"
Gentaro is an old-faced Okabiki who lives in Setomonocho and has many favorite children. When I wanted to blow my nose and give credit to my boss, a strong sense of competition burned in the chest of half-seven. At the same time, he had no idea where to start.
"My daughter was wearing a hood last night."
"Yes. It was the usual mauve."
"Then, in the previous story, my daughter rushed out to the porch, and then I didn't know how to go. Hey, could you open the door and send me to the garden mouth," said Hanshichi. It was.
Bamboo seemed to be the agent in the back, and Shigezo, the head of the boss, came out with his eyes dented.
"Thank you for your hard work. Please come here soon ..."
"It flew away. It's not good to have a sword in the intake, so I thought I'd go to the garden right away, but then I'm sorry."
Hanshichi was guided to the back and went to the living room of 8 tatami mats where the blood of the tora had not dried yet. As he has known, the porch faces north, and in front of it was a small garden of about 10 tsubo. The garden was in good condition, with snow-fishing pine trees and frost-proof Basho creating a winter-like garden color.
"Did the shutters on the porch open?" Asked Hanshichi.
"Everyone had closed the shutters, but only in front of the chozubachi, there is always one small piece open ..." explained Shigezo, who guided me. "Of course it's only in the evening, and it closes exactly when I go to bed."
Half-seven silently looked up at the tall pine treetop Kozue. The invaders didn't seem to have come down this pine tree. There was no loss in the stealth bamboo.
"It's a very high fence, isn't it?"
"Yes, it's not easy for the officials to see and get over this high wall. It doesn't look like they've hung a ladder, and it seems like they're coming down the pine tree. No. He said that this wasn't sneaking in from the garden entrance. At the same time, no matter where he came from, it seems that he must have come out from this garden entrance, but Kido's lock. "The ladder is still firmly pulled down from the inside, so I have no idea where and why it went out," said Shigezo, who finally shaded his shadowy eyes and made no sense. I was looking around.
"Spanish mackerel. It's not a good thing to get over this high wall without damaging the sneaking back and without touching the pine branches."
By all means, this was not a trick that could be done by a townhouse daughter. Hanshichi determined that the songwriter must be a very experienced person. At the same time, the three women who came to the scene were said to have seen the appearance behind the chrysanthemum. He also thought that there must be some error in it.
He wore garden clogs and looked around every corner of the small garden just in case, and a large stone lantern stood in the eastern corner of the garden. It seemed that the times had passed, and the shade and the pedestal were wrapped in the dark moss without any gaps. The scent of a kind of damp moss seemed to tell the old history of this long-established store.
"It's a favorite stone lantern. Did you play with it these days?" Hanshichi casually asked.
"No, no one has touched it since long ago. Because it has such a wonderful moss, it is noisy to say that you should rarely touch it," said Mr. Kami. … ”
"Is that so"
Half-seven suddenly found that there was a slight trace of human foot on the shade of an old stone lantern that was rarely forbidden to touch. The surface of the hot green moss was lightly trampled only by the traces of small toes.

[# 5 indentation] Three [# "three" is the middle heading]

The toe marks left on the moss were small. A man must be a boy. Half-seven admitted that it seemed to be a woman's footprint. It seems that the appraisal of half-seven, which I imagined that this songwriter was a very experienced person, was out of the question. If it were a woman, would it be a chrysanthemum? Even with the stone lanterns as a foothold, it didn't seem very likely that a young girl raised in the town could freely climb up and down this high wall.
What did Hanshichi think about, he immediately left the Kikumura store and headed for the wide alleys of both countries, which seemed to make the 6th ward of modern Asakusa Park even more disorderly and many times more crowded.
It was about noon, and it was time for the plays and banquets on Hirokoji, and the spectacles in both countries to be set up. Rather, in front of the hanging hut, a weak winter day illuminated the picture signboard covered with dust whitish, and the colored nobori shook in the cold river breeze. The fact that the willows at the gate of the row and teahouse are thin with only bones shows the feeling of dark frost withering as this winter goes down day by day. Still, it seems that the wave of people coming from somewhere is getting bigger and bigger because of the location. After passing through the crowd, Hanshichi entered one of the row teahouses.
"How is it? Is it still prosperous?"
"Welcome to my boss," said the white-colored daughter, who immediately drew tea.
"Hey, 姐 -san. I have something to ask you right away. Spring breeze in that hut | What is the acrobat, Karuwazashi, a female acrobat named Koyanagi?"
"Hohohohoho. That person doesn't have a host yet."
"It doesn't matter if you're the host, the lover, or the brother. Who is the man attached to that woman?"
"Is Kim's soul?" Said the daughter with a laugh.
"Yeah, yeah. Kinji. His house is in both countries. Koyanagi will be with him."
"How about your cheeks?"
"Kinji will still be playing"
"I heard that he used to serve a large kimono shop, but he brought a piece of cloth to Mr. Koyanagi ... He is a much younger person than Mr. Koyanagi and seems to be quiet. Yo "
"Thank you. I like it if I understand that much."
Hanshichi left there and entered the spectacle hut nearby. This hut is a troupe of light workers, and a woman named Harukaze Koyanagi performed a tightrope walk and acrobatics on the stage. Koyanagi wears thick make-up like wearing a white mask and looks youthful at best, but his true age may be close to thirty. While constantly working with his dark eyebrows, which seem to be drawn with ink, and his beautiful eyes, which seem to have his crimson blurred on his eyelids, he frequently sells low-key dwarfs to many sights during his performance. The sights were open-mouthed, as if it was irresistibly interesting. Hanshichi stared at the stage for a while, but soon he left here and went to Ryogoku.
Looking for Kinji's house in the alley near the meat shop of Komagome Bridge, Hanshichi called out from outside the grid a couple of times. None of them responded. When I went to the next house and asked, it was said that Kinji left the house and went to the public bath in the neighborhood.
"I was the one who came all the way from Yamanote, but I'm waiting at the entrance until I get home."
For the time being, half-seven went into the grid, in spite of the mother next door. While sitting on the rising stile and taking a cigarette, he suddenly came up with the idea and gently opened the shoji at the entrance. The inside was between 6 tatami mats and 4 and a half tatami mats, and a long fire bowl was installed on the 6 tatami mats at the entrance. It seems that a kotatsu was cut in the next four and a half mats, and the red hem of the hanging futon [# "futon" is "thin group" in the bottom) was spilling out from the fusuma that was closed loosely.
Half-seven was raised a little from the stile, and when I looked at it, it seemed that a woman of Honbakihachi was hanging on the wall of four and a half mats. He took off his sandals and gently crawled inside. If you look closely from the four and a half mats of fusuma, the woman's kimono hanging on the wall is certainly Honbakihachi, and it seems that the sleeves are still damp, probably after washing the blood stains here. It was imagined that it was in the air. Half-seven nodded and returned to the original entrance.
Immediately after that, Ashioto stepping on the groove board "Dobuita" approached, and I heard the voice of a man greeting the mother next door.
"Someone is out. Oh, right?"
While I thought that Kinji was back, the lattice was fluttering, and a young, smart man of the same age as Hanshichi came in with a wet towel. Kinji was a man who was playing around with gambling and gambling these days, and he didn't even know half-seven.
"Hey, is it Kanda's lord, Anii? It's rare. Well, do your best."
Because the other person was different from just a person, Kinji amiably invited Hanshichi to sit in front of the long fire bowl. Then, even while greeting the weather, it was read that his uneasy behavior was somehow in the eyes of half-seven.
"Hey, Kinji. I sometimes accidentally put it in the beginning."
"Well, that's a big deal. That's what happened again ..."
"No, that's not right. No matter how much I work, it was bad to go up to a person's house and look into the back. Well, please be patient."
Kinji, who had charcoal in the brazier, immediately changed his complexion and shut up like a mute. The fire chopsticks in his hand shook to the point of clicking.
"That Honbakihachi is Koyanagi. No matter how much an entertainer wears a terribly flashy pattern, I wonder if" more "has a young host like you, and a woman must be very young. ……. Hahahaha. Hey, Kinji, why are you silent. Hey, you're a charming guy. Can you tell me something about Koyanagi's ecstasy? Hey, hey. Please reply somehow. As long as you are loved by an older woman and take care of everything, even if you don't care about yourself, the woman will do it. It's not always the case that there's a painful breach like a one-sided sword. Well, I'm sure I'm sure, so I hope for as much mercy as possible.
Kinji, who had turned blue and shook until his lips, stabbed his hand on the tatami mat as if it had been crushed.
"I'll tell you everything, Anii."
"I said mysteriously. That Honbakihachi is probably Kikumura's daughter. Where did you bring that girl from?"
"I didn't bring it," Kinji looked up at the other person's face, with sad eyes begging for pity. "Actually, I went to Asakusa with Koyanagi before the afternoon of my daughter, Koyanagi. When I got drunk, he had a habit of taking a break from business today, even if I tried to calm him down and go home. I don't quite understand him. Even though he has such a flashy business, he has a lot of money and I'm in a bad economy these days, so I can borrow money from people. It seems that he is always a little abandoned because of "Ogonan", so when he wanders around Okuyama until after noon while unavoidably protecting him, a young clerk from a teahouse It came out. Then, a beautiful girl came out. Koyanagi saw it, and that was Kikumura's daughter in Nihonbashi. Hey, I'll try to make him the most prey ... "
"Why did Koyanagi know that he was Kikumura's daughter?"
"That's because I sometimes go to buy red and white powder. Kikumura is an old shop. So I immediately went to call Kago. I don't know what he invited me during that time, but At last I pulled the girl towards the horse road "Uma Michi". There were two Kago, Koyanagi and her daughter got on the Kago and went ahead, and I went home afterwards. When I got home, my daughter was crying. It was troublesome to hear her in the neighborhood, so Koyanagi told me to put in a monkey basket and push it into the cupboard. I think it's too pitiful. But, yeah, he's stubborn, he's wondering what he's lingering about, and he's going to eat a sword stab at the darkness, so I helped him push it into the cupboard in the back. Was
"I've heard that Koyanagi is a hey woman, but it's like a kid in a house. What happened?"
"Soon after that night, I called Yamazegen from my neighborhood and decided to go to Itako forty cars a year. It's cheap, but it can't be helped, so the next morning I put it in a basket and put it out with a woman, but I can't get a sentence until the woman returns. After hearing the voice of December, I've heard various things every day. The demons are rushing in. Koyanagi came up with this idea again in pain. When he sent his daughter to Itako, he said that there was a flower for sale, and he pulled the yellow basket he was wearing and went away from Koyanagi. I changed my clothes, so my daughter's kimono remains here. "
"Mmm. With that Honbakihachi kimono and mauve hood, Koyanagi sneaked into Kikumura as a daughter. After all, are you going to take money?"
"That's right," Kinji nodded. "I scared my daughter to hear that the money was in my hand box and stored in my living room."
"Then it must have been that pile from the beginning."
"I don't know how, but Koyanagi said that he was suffering and doing this kind of thing, but the day before yesterday didn't go well and he came back tonight. He said that he would come well, and he went out in the evening, but ... After all, he came back empty-handed and said, "I failed to do it again tonight. In addition, a loud voice. Because I got up, I became abandoned and went through the bank's belly. ”In front of the hood, I shook and couldn't speak for a while. It's not a lie to see blood on the sleeves. I thought he did something that didn't fly, but he was still clear and said, "Well, that's okay. This hood and kimono are proof. So, the world must think that my daughter killed her. "Then, I washed the blood of my kimono, lied to Asuko, and went out to the hut as usual today. "
"It's a good courage. It's too much for your mistress, Iro," said Hanshichi with a bitter smile. "But honestly, he said everything well. I was out of luck because you were loved by the flying woman. How about Koyanagi? Must be connected. Well, rest assured. "
"Please be merciful. I'm a completely mean person, so I couldn't sleep last night. When I glanced at the face of the lord, I got stuck. It seems that she isn't in law, but someone like me prefers to confess everything in this way because it makes her chest lighter. "
"Then I'm sorry, but please come to Kanda's boss right away. Which way, for the time being, I can't see the Sahā, so I should prepare slowly."
"Thank you"
"It's midday. There will be a neighborhood in front of me. I'll forgive the rope," Hanshichi said gently.
"Thank you"
Kinji once again thanked him. His eyes were sullen.
Each has a young body. Thinking this way, Hanshichi had to be messed with this weak young man who was being pulled by himself.

[# 5 indentation] 4 [# "4" is the middle heading]

Hearing the report of Hanshichi, the boss Yoshigoro was so surprised that he caught a whale at the beach of Kanasugi.
"It's said that if there is a dog, it'll hit a stick, but while I was wandering around, I did something great. Anyway, it's a big deal, I'm not like stealing your bones. I think that's because everyone's work will be appealed to my husband. Even so, I have to pick up that guy named Koyanagi early. Even a woman He's a raw dog. I don't know what to do, so go and help half-seven. "
The two familiar minions headed for Ryogoku again with half-seven first, when it was almost dark on a short winter day and the spectacle hut was just closing. Koyanagi was changing his kimono in the dressing room, as they were waiting outside and only half of them were in the hut.
"I came from Kanda's Yoshigoro, but I'm having a hard time because my boss has something to do, but I'm sorry to come," said Hanshichi.
There was a dark shadow on Koyanagi's face. However, he laughed lonely with an unexpectedly calm attitude.
"My boss is ... I don't know what to do. What do you want?"
"Your reputation is so good that your boss may have become a kid."
"Oh, the joke is a measure, what is it really? You usually know."
Costume ｜ While giving a supple body to Katsura, Koyanagi looked like a snake and looked at half-seven faces.
"No, I'm just a messenger. I don't know anything. It's a lot of work, so don't take care of me and come straight to me."
"Well, I'll come .... You can't run away and hide," Koyanagi took out the cigarette holder and took a rest.
In the next Odeko play, I heard a drum. The other entertainers also seemed to be struck by a kind of anxiety, holding their breath and listening to their questions and answers from a distance. Every corner of the small dressing room became dark.
"The day is short. The boss is also short. I'll be scolded if I'm lingering.
Half-seven urged him to be impatient.
"Yes, yes. I will serve you soon."
Koyanagi finally came out of the dressing room, and when he saw the two minions standing in the dark shadow there, he stared at half-seven.
"Oh, it's cold. It gets cold suddenly when the sun goes down," she scratched her sleeves.
"So don't go early."
"I don't know what you're doing, but I'm in trouble if you don't return home, so can't you just drop in at my house?"
"I don't want Kinji to go home," said Hanshichi coldly.
Koyanagi closed his eyes and stopped. When I opened my eyes again, it seemed that white dew was shining on the long eyelashes.
"Isn't there Mr. Kim? Still, I'm a woman, so I'll prepare a little."
Surrounded by three people, Koyanagi crossed the Ryogoku Bridge. She sometimes shook her shoulders and sooted so that she wouldn't cry.
"Do you miss Kinji so much?"
"Ai"
"It doesn't look good on a woman like you."
"Please guess"
By the time we reached the middle of the long bridge, the shadows of the yellow lights began to shimmer in the houses on the banks of the river. A rat-colored smoke emerged above the water of the river, and it seemed cold to see the distant downstream water light and pale white. Even in the hut of the bridge, I put a faint candlelight in the lantern. A flock of geese screamed over Ofunagura, as expected tonight's frost.
"What would happen to Mr. Kim if it was bad for me?"
"That's what the person says."
Koyanagi was silently wiping his eyes. When she thought, she shouted out.
"Mr. Kim, please be patient."
Koyanagi turned over like a swallow and ran out, pushing away the half-seven by his side. As expected, only acrobats couldn't catch their eyes. Shortly after she saw her hand on the balustrade, her body was swallowed upside down on the bottom of the river.
"Burning!", Hanshichi bit his teeth.
Hearing the sound of water, the bridge number came out. Koyanagi did not emerge again, although he immediately sent the boat out of the boatman in the neighborhood under the name of errand. On the next day, I found a woman's hair entwined in black like the old Asakusa | Nori seaweed on a hundred stakes on the riverbank. When I pulled it up, the owner of the hair was Koyanagi, so the frozen corpse was exposed to the morning frost on the riverbank and was inspected. The female acrobat has finally stepped off the rope of life. It became a reputation throughout Edo, and the name of Hanshichi also became high.
In Kikumura, I immediately made a person and successfully recovered the chrysanthemums that were still visible from the tide.
"When I think about it now, it was like a dream at that time. Seijiro went back to his feet and I felt lonely, so I couldn't wait for the bamboo to come back. When I went out to the table without thinking, Koyanagi, a light worker who knew his face from the front, was standing under a big tree, and Kiyoshi-san fell down there due to a sudden illness, so he asked me to come immediately. When I was surprised and went with him, Kiyoshi was sent to the doctor's house in the Kago, so you were forced to go in the Kago later, and eventually you were forced to go in the Kago. I was taken to a dimly lit house where I didn't know where it was. Then Koyanagi suddenly changed, and with another young man, I met him with a terrible eye, and then far away. I sent it to. I was half dead like a dead person, and I didn't have the wisdom or sensibleness to do anything, "said Okiku. After returning to Edo, I answered the investigation of the official in charge.
Seijiro, the leader, was forgiven just by "scolding".
Koyanagi self-destructed and escaped punishment, but his neck was still owled by Kozukahara. Kinji was exiled to Toshima with special mercy for what should be the same crime, and this case was exiled.

"This was the beginning of my sale," said the half-seven old man. "Three or four years later, my boss, Yoshigoro, died of a cholera. At the time of his death, I asked him to give me all his daughter's will and testament, and make a mark. Since there was a will, my children finally took charge of me and decided to be the second boss. It was from this time that I became a full-fledged cholera. ..
At that time, why did you put a skewer on Koyanagi? Well, as I mentioned earlier, it's from the footprints of the stone lanterns. The toes left on the moss seem to be a woman's feet. That said, most women can't climb up and down the high wall into a random work, Muzousa. While thinking that I had to be a very light person, I came up with the idea of being an acrobat. There are not many female acrobats in Edo. Among them, I heard that the guy named Harukaze Koyanagi, who appears in the huts of both countries, is usually a woman with a bad reputation, and he is fried by a man younger than himself, so maybe this is a gradual effort. When I went there, the humor came out unexpectedly quickly. Kinji was sent to the island of Izu, but after that I heard rumors that he met forgiveness and returned safely.
At Kikumura's store, Seijiro, the head of the store, was the sword of his daughter, and he was still in business. It seems that I moved to Shiba at the end of Edo, but I don't know what happened now.
Although he was a human being who couldn't help either way, it was a pity that Koyanagi jumped into Okawa. In other words, this is off guard. I'm nervous until I catch it, but once I catch it, everyone feels relaxed, so sometimes I'm not careful and eat a rope.
Is there any interesting story yet? There are many stories of my own credit. Hahahaha. Please come and visit us again. "
"I'll definitely come to talk to you again."
I promised a half-seven old man and broke up.



Bottom book: "Detective novels of the times, half-seven catch book (1)" Kobunsha Bunko, Kobunsha
November 20, 1985 (Showa 60) First edition 1 print issued
Issued 20 prints on March 25, 1997 (Heisei 9)
* The suspected misplanting of "thin group" is "Half-seven Catchbook Vol. 1" Tsukuma Shobo, June 25, 1998, first edition, first edition, October 15, 1998, first edition. It was confirmed that the 2nd printing, "Half-seven Prey Book [Continued]", the Popular Literature Museum, Kodansha, and the 1st printing issued on March 20, 1997 (Heisei 9) are both "Gamdan".
Input: Kiyotaka Sandpit
Calibration: Susumu Ohno
Created May 15, 2002
Revised June 11, 2012
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
