Kreutzel Sonata
Answer
Masao Yonekawa

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Shoes 《Heiri》

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Numbers are JIS X 0213 area area number or Unicode, base page and number of lines)
(Example) * [# Katakana with dakuten, 1-7-82]

/ \: Double dance character (repeated symbol in the shape of a vertically lengthened "ku")
(Example) Moro / \
-------------------------------------------------- -----

After the so-called "turning period", Tolstoy began to devote himself to religious writing by abandoning his glorious fame as a world-famous literary master like a drought and proclaiming his life of service to God. For the first time in 86 years, "I * [# Katakana with dakuten, 1-7-82] N Irich's death" was made public, and the drought of "Kanten" was given to those who missed his art. In 1890, four years after that, the pain of the sculptured skeleton "Choushinrugotsu" [# Ruby's "Choushinrugotsu" is a mama] I was surprised at the world by announcing a masterpiece that would become. That is this "Kreitserova Sonata" [# horizontal composition] "Kreitserova Sonata" [# horizontal composition end]. The story of the story was inspired by the story of an actor who visited Yasnaya Polyana in the summer of 1878, when an unknown gentleman suffered from his wife's unfaithfulness on the train. His story of being told a confession is intriguing the artistic excitement of a genius who cannot be erased by any means. Tolstoy dyed the brush of this story immediately in the fall, and after repeated falsification and elaboration in the four years since then, "Yuriev Memorial Collection" finally became the publication body of the main story. It was handed over to the editor of.
As mentioned earlier, it goes without saying that the motivator of "Kreutzer Sonata" is based on Tolstoy's innate artistic desire, but since it is a work of an era that changed the view of art, about Compared to "Anna Karenina" written ten years ago, there is a significant difference in the fundamental attitude of creation. In the past, the artistic view and reproduction of pure life, which opened as an amazingly beautiful flower, hides at least a superficial shadow, and here the indoctrinational significance of the artistic form is in the foreground. The idea of "Hajakensei" occupies a major position as the primary purpose, and most of the books are filled with commentary on the evil and falsehood of human society.
However, nevertheless, this novel is a surprisingly artistic masterpiece in terms of the sturdiness of the spirit stored inside and the closeness of the simple expression. Of course, there is no gorgeous depiction of reality here, and there is no complex and multifaceted song of humanity, but abstract debates aimed at indoctrination and prominent, polemic claims kill my wife. It was written in the form of a narrative, perhaps because it was placed in the background of the unusually excited and tense nerves of the man who had done it, so it did not break the inevitability of the story and the uniformity of the composition. The narrative shows a breathtaking tension, there is no slack in the development of the case, each word is filled with crazy truth, and the reader is unavoidable. The point of dragging with a strong force-everything is the boundary of art that can only be reached by a great artist like Tolstoy. Compared to the representative feature film that was the ultimate in the abundance of the previous term, it has an artistic value that is almost comparable to that of the previous term, or it is compressed into a relatively short format, and it has the power of an explosive. From the point of view, there are even things that easily surpass the former. Romain Rolland's first mention of Tolstoy's work with this novel may not be the only strange word.
As is already generally known, the content of "Kreutzel Sonata" is based on the confession of an unhappy man who killed his unfaithful wife because of jealousy. He criticized the bones by dissecting them with a brush that looks like a sword. The response of this novel to society was so great that the voices of praise, astonishment, awe, abusiveness, and curse mingled in all directions, confused, and spread the ripples endlessly. , The unprecedented effect is imagined. In terms of artistic depiction, the psychology of the murderer-the anguish before the murder, the madness at that moment, the fainting state after that, everything is depicted with immeasurable seriousness and accuracy, Dostoay. There is nothing to compare with other than Dostoky's "Crime and Punishment". Rather, the case is simple and commonplace, so it may make you feel more humanly familiar than "sin and punishment."
However, the main reason why this work shook the world is the blatant and frank sexual desire that Tolstoy explained in it. He probably first dealt with the issue of sexual intercourse in a treatise entitled "Giving to Women" published in 1886. He then finds a worldwide salvation for the woman to carry out the prolific ideals taught by the Old Testament and shouts: "The way to save humanity from the evil of / \ that is afflicting the world is in the hands of my sisters * [# two exclamation marks, 1-8-75]" That is, I am aware of my mission. Women who give birth should give birth to as many children as possible and educate their children in the spirit of truth. By doing so, it is possible to gradually change the mood of society, decide the right direction for public opinion, and achieve a bloodless religious social revolution. A woman who does not give birth is, so to speak, abandoned because precious fertile land is not used, and it feels hurt to see-this is the four years of the release of "Kreutzer Sonata". It was a previous belief about Tolstoy's sexual problems.
However, according to the author's direct defeat of "Chokusetsu" in the novel "Kreutzel Sonata", which has only a short time difference between this paper and "Kinsho", human desires are It is an obstacle that hinders the achievement of the purpose of goodness, and above all, lust has the greatest destructive power. Physical lust is a powerful enemy of true spiritual life rooted in self-completion, so it is completely destroyed. Should. In Tolstoy, whose marriage ideal was prolific, Tolstoy, in turn, had a pure compatriot love between the couple. Moreover, even the destruction of humankind, which should be invited as a direct result, is a matter of course.
What is the cause of this amazing ideological change that occurred during such a short period of time? In the "Postscript" of The Kreutzer Sonata, Tolstoy himself confessed that he was surprised at this conclusion that his thoughts had reached. But he doesn't say anything about the path to why he came to that surprising conclusion. Vladimir Solovyov explains that the tragedy that occurred in a family of acquaintances of the author was the subject of this intense and unrivaled work, and at the same time caused a major revolution in his view of marriage. This interpretation does not have enough power to confess a person. Tolstoy, who affirmed reproduction with the sole purpose of nurturing a new generation based on the spirit of Christianity, should have sexual love as a way to achieve that purpose, but in practice it is absolute. Being self-purposed, often demonstrating violent blindness, witnessing the fact that it destroys the healthy trajectory of life, and convinced of the impossibility of resisting it, even oneself at last You may have come to a surprising conclusion. In the light of his own surprisingly honest confession that he was already 70 years old and still unable to suppress his desires as a man, "Kreutzer Sonata" is Tolstoy's own. The confession of the internal agony struggle is probably unquestionable.
The cry of anguish emanating from the soul of this great genius and the harsh swearing voice of his stubborn spirit thrown into a corrupt society shook the society at the time. I mentioned earlier that it gave the impression of "genius", but as the censorship of Russia threatens the foundations of the existing family and social systems, the "Yuriev Memorial Collection" containing this novel was immediately banned. , I didn't even allow it to be included in the complete works. However, Mrs. Sophia Andreevna came to Tokyo in a hurry, begged the emperor Alexander III of the time, and after various plea, finally disseminated "Kreutzel Sonata" under the condition that it would not be published independently except for the complete works. Was allowed. At that time, the emperor ridiculed the contradiction of his efforts as a woman as a wife to popularize this work, which insists on denial of marriage and family. The wife responded by saying that she wished not as the author's wife, but as the publisher of the complete works. Later, when Tolstoy abandoned the copyright to his later writings and many publishers released the work as a book, Emperor Alexander said, "If that lady glanced at me, then in the future. Who can you trust! "

[# Two letters up from the ground] Translator



Bottom book: "Kreutzel Sonata" Iwanami Bunko, Iwanami Shoten
Issued the first print on September 15, 1928 (Showa 3)
February 25, 1957 (Showa 32) 29th edition revised edition issued
Issued the 42nd edition on November 10, 1969 (Showa 44)
Input: Takashi Kawayama
Proofreading: Kazuhiko Okamura
Created October 28, 2019
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (https://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
