Strange story club [postwar version]
Sakyo's love
Nomura Kodo

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) 乍 《Naga》 et al.

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Speaker | Hisashi Amano << Amano Kyuzaemon >>

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) [# 5 indentation]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

[# 5 indentation] Prologue [# "Prologue" is a middle heading]

At the strange story club, the speaker of the night ｜ Hisashi Amano 《Amano Kyuzaemon》 started like this.
"This is a mysterious event from today's common sense and morals, but I think it's also a rebellion against art for art's sake. It's a story, but if you take more than your interest from this story, my satisfaction will be tremendous. "
Hisashi Amano, who is so good, uses his five fingers as a comb to scrape up the hair on his forehead. The name is old-fashioned like the old warrior training, but he is an artist-like young man wearing a seven-down brown suit and a bohemian collar tie.
Beautiful chairman ｜ Akiko Yoshii 《Yoshii Akiko》 Mrs. ｜ Outside 《Others》 Over thirty members calmed down in the pearl-colored light and waited for the mysterious story.

[# 5 indentation] 1 [# "1" is the middle heading]

At the end of Tokugawa, after Toyokuni of the Utagawa school gained popularity in the world, this art of freedom and charm-the rise of Ukiyo-e surprised my eyes.
Kuniyoshi Gototei, a beautiful woman painting, Hiroshige Ichiryusai, a landscape painting, Kuniyoshi Ichiyusai, a samurai painting, and a good master. Driven by the power of "Zokushutsu", the trend of the Tenpo era was irritating and ukiyo-e, cats and ladle, no, from the landlord daimyo to the pawnshop owner and Konya craftsman. I drew an ukiyo-e and competed for the end of its delicate technique.
By the way, it is not an exaggeration in terms of speech, but in fact, the lord of Seshu Kameyama 60,000 stones, Tayu Asasan | So, I made a woodblock bijin-ga signed by Kunihiro, and it has been handed down to the present world.
In the 8th year of Tenpo, the purge of Mizuno Echizen no Kami was still blown away, and the culture of Edo was ripe with sweet and sour taste. It is the time when the gas is diverging.
It was a long time ago that three hundred daimyo were competing for warriors and military artsmen, and at that time, a master of flutes who held both swords in their hands, a master of dance, shook a major and gave the grace of the palace. I received it, and mysteriously, the nerves of the world were paralyzed.
Ukiyo-e artist's landlord, Mamoru Ishikawa, also had three beloved vassals, just like the trends of the world. One is a master of sculpture, Sakyo Rokugo, one is a master of flute, Uneme Nagawa, and the other is a master of small songs and drums. As good as he was, he was in a good mood and was proud of his grace.
"Is Rokugo Sakyo?"
"Huh, I'm refraining from this."
One day, "Aruhi" Hyuga Mamoru summoned the sculpture Sakyo to the front of the three samurai like a waist purse. Mamoru Hyuga was adopted by the predecessor, Tomonokami, and at that time, Sakyo was the most of the three samurai. , A beautiful man who was born, and became a source of rumors about the Ooku of the Edo mansion, such as his cool face like chopped balls, his gentle standing behavior, and his taste for moderately dressed Minari. It was a fruitful man.
"I got a good material of cypress from Kiso. Why don't you carve a life-like beauty by wielding the arm of the first generation?"
"Huh, thank you, I've been hoping for it for a long time."
"A little profane, but a woman who is very colorful and has a Kabuki pattern in love is good. Urasato, Mikatsu, Koharu-No, more intense, more youthful-Left, Yaoya Oshichi How about the seven? I'll go with a picture, it's a sculpture. Let's have the family members of the family appraise which one is winning soon. "
"I am-the work of the lord-"
"No, don't hesitate, the superiority or inferiority is that you go with a bid without hesitation-isn't it interesting?"
Hyuga Mamoru Kunihiro said something difficult. Only the lord who wanted to draw ukiyo-e, this person "this person" was strangely commoner-there was something unconventional for a daimyo at that time.
"By the way, I'm going to borrow one person who will serve as a model from my maid."
"It's also true. It's different from the painting, and the sculpture needs a model when it comes to life size. Tayori, Konami, Umeno. I will lend you one of those wishes. "
Tayori, Konami, and Umeno were said to be the three beautiful women of the Kameyama mansion, and were also used as models for the ukiyo-e prints of the palace.
"Thank you"
The consultation was organized. The mysterious game of competing for this princely skill was to be started later in a funny and funny way. It was the New Year of the 8th year of Tenpo.

[# 5 indentation] Two [# "two" is the middle heading]

Among the famous paintings of the Fifty-three Stations of the Tokaido drawn by Hiroshige Ichiritsusai, Seshu Kameyama Castle has a kind of special dignity and familiarity. Perhaps it was because Hiroshige, who had a good heart, was able to draw such an excellent thing because of the affection of his fellow ukiyo-e artists, even if he was a landlord daimyo. If you look at the Hoeidou version of Kameyama's Snow Dawn and the Clerical Script "Reisho" on New Year's Day at Kameyama Castle on the Tokaido, you should be able to see that this idea is by no means a bullshit.
It was a rabbit horn, and this story happened in Shitaya Daimyo Koji, Ishikawa family residence in Edo, and has nothing to do with Seshu Kameyama in my home country.
Sakyo Rokugo, a master of sculpture, was waiting for his pulling down to his Nagaya, and soon after he ordered it from Kiso, he carried three good cypress wood and about ten people. It was.
"I see."
Hitting the body of the timber, examining the grain of the fore edge, going to the place where you are in Rokugo Sakyoetsu
"Let's play"
The one who visited quietly was the model who had to borrow for a while-one of the three maids, Tayori, who was said to be the oldest and most beautiful.
"Then, Mr. Rokugo, I handed you a certainty."
After the old woman who sent Tayori made a strict bow and withdrew, Tayori at the waist was left behind in an uncontrollable form.
Lend a beautiful maid to your maid at the daimyo mansion-it may not be possible, but what to hide, this is quite natural, and Ishikawa Hyuga Mamoru must do this. There was an unfortunate situation.
This is because the daimyo's wife is supposed to be placed in the Edo mansion under the Tokugawa Shogunate's hostage policy, but the maiden room in the Edo mansion of Ishikawa Hyuga Mamoru is the predecessor. Daimyo, the head of the main shrine | The daughter of Soyasu, and Mamoru Hyuga was a son-in-law. Due to the unforeseen relationship, even if it was just a matter of course, the jealousy of the ancient texts was terrible, and Mamoru Hyuga couldn't go down to the three maids. ..
The nineteenth and most beautiful Tayori, the oldest, was moved away from the side of Mamoru Hyuga as the model of Rokugo Sakyo at the top of the bad [# "i" side point].
Takashimada is innocent, purple | Yagasuri, Tachiya [# "ya" with emphasis marks], white powder "Oshiroi" is dark, and small lips glow in a regular script. It is the beauty of writing and waving ruby [# "ruby" as an emphasis mark].
"――――"
How many minutes in the mouth ｜ Thank you, ――It seemed like you said that, but Rokugo Sakyo received it extremely clerically,
"No, don't worry about it."
I carried the work quickly.
The cypress wood was immediately rough-cut and set up in the workplace. In the meantime, model Tayori, wearing the prepared costume, made Yaoya Oshichi of the Himi turret a vulgar subject, and was a model good for both rabbits and horns at that time. In addition, it became a daughter form of the passionate play style that was perfect.
Rokugo Sakyo was enthusiastic. Humans were frivolous, and even though they were bad boys, only the man's swing and the arm of the sculpture were great. I don't see the ukiyo-e of the lord Hyuga Mamoru, which is nothing more than a lord's art than the original.
After drawing and fixing the pose over and over again, I took the chisel and suddenly carved it into a good material of cypress. Needless to say, there was no oil soil at that time, and there was no way to transfer the statue to wood carving.
Model Tayori was well-behaved like a doll and beautiful like a doll. When I rested my hand holding the chisel and looked at it, the coolness of my eyes, the straightness of my nose, and the trend at that time, the innocence of my lips, and the goodness of it. The cuteness of the flesh on the cheeks and the beauty of the coagulant from the neck to the limbs are unmatched, but I know what it was, too beautiful and neat. There is a pulse of unsatisfaction.
It wasn't supposed to be like this, but Sakyo Rokugo twisted his neck several times. However, Yahari must not be. This model is beautiful and impeccable, but there is only one important affection-Yaoya, who ashed a corner of Edo for love and was crucifixed in Suzugamori. I didn't have anything similar to Oshichi's passion.
Tayori seemed to be standing on the model stand for a full day, almost without blinking, and somehow, without breathing. The more alienated the taste and patience are, the more dissatisfied Rokugo Sakyo will be.
"What the hell is this, it's like a mud doll?"
Even if you say that, the chisel of Rokugo Sakyo will shape the statue day by day with professional speed. Eventually, I was able to carve a street, polish it, and start coloring in March. By that time, the paints did not freeze, and my work progressed unexpectedly quickly.
"This is good"
The finished product was when the cherry blossoms were about to fall, and first and foremost, I asked the palace to change my clothes.
"It's the finished phase-first of all, it's a congratulations, it must be wonderful."
Mamoru Hyuga is in a good mood.
"Don, who is your painting?"
When Sakyo terrifiedly asked,
"I was waiting for that sculpture to be completed-look at this, Konami was the model, but it's rumored to be similar to Hanshiro."
The commoner was completely pleased and showed the signature of Yaoya Oshichi, a single-printed Onishiki, from the handbag.
"Huh"
Rokugo Sakyo, who was terrified and terrified, hung his head with a glance at it.
The seven puppets who shook their hair and climbed up to the turret, rebelled against the passion, and the beauty that was terrifying to see was that this was the hidden art of the lord of Seshu Kameyama Rokumangoku. Fold the pride of Rokugo Sakyo, which is full of pride.
"Excuse me, it's far from my sculpture."
To Sakyo who says so,
"The artistic and princely gratitude are different, isn't it useless humility? Let's see Sakyo and Rabbit's work."
Mamoru Hyuga was a crushed lord.
"Huh"
Reluctantly, Sakyo's work-the sculpture of Yaoya Oshichi was brought to the porch.
After removing the white cloth from the cover, the statue of Yaoya Oshichi, who stood on the porch in the spring sun, the red undershirt, the obi of the deer cub, and Mamoru Hyuga. It is a pair of figures with the picture I drew, but this is also a helpless, cold and dull seven.
"Sakyo, what is this?"
"Huh"
"Isn't it just a doll, or isn't it likely to be praised by the Nembutsu from under the sword tree that was swung up? I'm not just a woman-I can't compare my paintings with the results. "
"――――"
"Try again"
"Huh"
Rokugo Sakyo had no choice but to bite his regretful lips and pull back. The lord of the reason, Mamoru Hyuga, was a master who could not be deceived as far as the arts and crafts were concerned.

[# 5 indentation] Three [# "three" is the middle heading]

Rokugo Sakyo withdrew to the Nagaya with the statue of Ochi. When this happens, I don't want to see this statue again.
When I suddenly brought it out to the garden, I chopped wood and fired an arrow from the front. The well-dead Kiso cypress wood is brilliantly split into two as Sakyo's arm becomes clearer.
"Burning, what kind of Chery does not appear?"
Sakyo still chopped it up. The brightly colored sevens are divided into four, eight, sixteen, thirty-two, and thrown into the corner of the garden.
"I can not believe that"
Sakyo, who kicked up the mud and entered the house, fell into a ferocious self-hatred,
"Sake, liquor, bring liquor soon"
There was no choice but to ask alcohol for the final escape.
"What happened to Rokugo-sama?"
From behind the maid who prepared the sake, the one who gently appeared was Tayori at the waist, who has been accustomed to going from the palace to this Nagaya every day since the model.
"Tayori-den, or your body was really terrible, I didn't notice that kind of mediocre work until I saw it in the sunlight."
Sakyo took the cup and got his lips wet.
"Oh, because of me--"
"No, it's not my fault, it's my dullness ... Oh, can I cry, Tayori-den?"
"No, that"
The irritability of the face against the shadow of the light-I know if this woman also had such a gentle side-Sakyo Rokugo felt like making a new discovery.
"I'm going to start over, let's give a dedication to the previous celebration, Tayori-den."
Sakyo gave a cup to his daughter in a tone like "Bushitsu".
"That, let's have a drink."
The white delicate hands that took Choshi and the cheeks that turned down quickly turned red, making this girl look strangely glossy.
"Thank you, for a long time-although I've been patient for a long time-I'm a shameful singer who flew away with my skill."
"No, because of me--"
"No, the beauty of Tayori-den is impeccable, a little closer to the light-it's okay to get closer."
As the liquor turned, Rokugo Sakyo's tongue and attitude became reluctant, and his stretched hand [# "tsu" as an emphasis mark] grabbed Tayori's wrist at any time. is.
The bone-thin, coagulant that seems to disappear in the palm, and the mysteriously elastic tactile sensation made the drunken Sakyo aggressive.
"that"
It was a small, small voice that was ridiculous on all sides.
"Tayoriden"
Rokugo Sakyo's voice disappears in his mouth.
What a beauty! Near March, Sakyo has been accustomed to seeing that bewitchingly dressed Oshichi, but even though it was nothing more than a cold and clear and beautiful thing, Tayori's annoying brilliance and drops tonight. I have never imagined a fascinating fascination.
The woman showed a completely different side.
"I'm in love"
Sakyo answered his question with his heart. What transforms a woman so beautifully in the morning is not the magic of love.
Tayori, who was bought for good looks and went up to the palace of Hou Kameyama, did not know anything like Tsui's love until the spring of nineteen, and was made to dress as seven with hard and hard buds. I think he was forced into the scene.
What makes a woman beautiful, whatever happens outside of love, white powder "white powder", crimson, beautiful clothes, that is the end. Without knowing the important conditions, Rokugo Sakyo was chased by the slippery beauty and shook the chisel for more than 80 days.
"Tayori-den, it's okay to stop by here more,-let's start a new sculpture from tomorrow, and before that, let's have a drink with the night and talk about it-to the palace, night work Speaking of starting, that's all. "
Sakyo's hand has grown again. It wasn't Tayori's wrist anymore, but his round, small shoulders-passion and daughter-like horror, holding his shoulders swaying and pulling them over his knees.
However, what did you do? The inside of Rokugo Sakyo's head is as clear as water, and he makes every move, even the end of small words, to criticize and criticize his unrelenting acts on the stage. What is it that aims only at the reaction and effect like the acting of an actor?
Rokugo Sakyo was an old tsuwamono [# "tsuwamono" as an emphasis mark] on the battlefield. Yui's little girl-even though it's as beautiful as a doll, Tayori, who has no stubbornness or tension, shouldn't be fascinated by it. Thinking about the strong love technique of a certain "what" tayu of a star, he said that he would make this girl boil one and see it, and the other is so. By doing so, the strong ambition to awaken the seven passions from this girl and make use of it in the art of the chisel erected, and fueled her merits.

[# 5 indentation] 4 [# "4" is the middle heading]

The work since then has progressed miraculously. Tayori, who stood on the model stand, is no longer a beautiful mud doll puss before, but is a symbol of youth burning with the skill of Sakyo's skillful love. It was a woman with a passion for Yaoya Oshichi without a monkey.
The chisel started to move vigorously. What's more, each and every moment kept an organic connection and burned into a fluid shape like a lump of flame.
It was polished in April, and it was already colored by the time of the Tango no Sekku.
Yaoya Oshichi, who intentionally stopped drawing hair and painting carefully, and made use of the traces of the scented connection, Yaoya Oshichi, which was carved into a cypress, was placed on the turret. I'm about to climb.
In the meantime, Koino Yuugi of Rokugo Sakyo and Tayori added concentration with the day and pushed it to the point where it was no longer necessary to insert or remove it, but at that time | Just << just >>, the statue Yaoya Oshichi was completed. It is.
The work was immediately brought to the front of Mr. Ishikawa Hyuga Mamoru.
One night in May, when I put a hundred-eyed candles in a forest of candlesticks and took off the white cloth on top.
"Fum"
Mamoru Ishikawa was truly groaning.
It was just a lump of beautiful flames. A virgin, driven by passion, looks up at the horrific side of the hospitality, and is burned by the vibrant furisode and hem, and I just wonder if it will burn through the ceiling.
"This is good, it's wonderful, Sakyo, -it's not far from my ukiyo-e."
Mamoru Ishikawa was a lord who understood art. He hits his knees and admires him, then declares his defeat.
A lot of things were given, the words of the award 《Oho》, and even the celebration sake were given, and I returned with the success of Rokugo Sakyo.
"Let's go home and play"
"――――"
"Congratulations on your success."
Sakyo was no longer interested in Tayori, who welcomed him with an exciting feeling.
"Tayori-den, I had a hard time for a long time, I should go back to the palace and take a rest."
This is the only thing that came out of Sakyo's mouth.
"――――"
Tayori snooped on the cold profile and gently wiped her tears and stood up. Where did the attitude of that most enthusiastic lover until yesterday fall?
"Oh, oh, I'm tired, I want to take a rest for 45 days."
Sakyo said so, and called the maid by clapping her hands with a few achromatic yawns.
Tayori on the side is no longer in my eyes.
The relationship between Rokugo Sakyo and Koshimoto Tayori after that was strange to the world. The flame of love that once struck the virgin's heart was fueled by the coldness of Sakyo and burned to the intensity of seven, but on the other hand, Sakyo's feelings returned to the old calm and Tayori. Things like that are so inhumane that you can forget them beautifully without even trying to forget them.
Maybe it was a small sacrifice for the completion of one art. Rokugo Sakyo was devilish enough to stick to such things.
Tayori, who came to Nagaya in Sakyo, had no way to approach him when he saw his cold attitude. Even if I wrote down my thoughts and sent it to a human biography, I didn't get a reply, and at the end, it was noisy just to see Tayori. # Aside from "noisy"] It's Sakyo who turns his face like that.
This coldness has the opposite effect, and it just makes Tayori's passion boil. "This is Kiyohime Anchin, who flew away." It was around the time when the people in the mansion began to pull their sleeves together.
"Call Sakyo"
From the palace, it is a calling of Niwaka.
"Huh, are you calling?"
In a strangely changed condition, Rokugo Sakyo prostrated in front of Mamoru Hyuga as a cold 《Hiya》.
"It's not outside-it's rumored that it's in the mansion these days, but I think he made a promise with Tayori."
The commoner is completely swallowing the things below. "Injustice is the strict law of the house" is not valid in this palace.
"I don't fly, I remember the left side of my hair"
"Good, even if you don't remember, I say that Tayori is a big obsession."
"If you are bothered by things like the one on the left, painters and sculptors are irresistible. For example, from the ancient times of Utamaro and Kiyonaga to Kameido's Kunisada, I drew many beautiful women. "?"
"It's okay, there are a lot of excuses. Rather, I'll use my spare time at the waist of Tayori, Konami, and Umeno to marry me if I have a good relationship. Fortunately, neither of them, the maid, nor Jinzaburo has a fixed spouse. For the time being, I'd like to marry Tayori to him. "
"that is"
"It's okay, I went to his Nagaya for half a year and met face to face. Besides, Tayori is thinking about it like that. I won't let you say that there is a shortage, it's my request."
"Huh"
Rokugo Sakyo, I've never been so surprised. It must have fueled Tayori's love with a temporary expedient, but I never thought I would carry it on my back as a wife who would stay with me for the rest of my life.
If you carry the same back-Younger and brighter than the lonely daughter of the tradesman, Tayori, who is charming, and who has received Konami, the daughter of Genba, who is connected to the end of Kamiishikawa Hyuga Mamoru Ichimon. But I don't know how good it is.

[# 5 indentation] 5 [# "5" is the middle heading]

"Fear, lord--"
"Why do you want to know?"
"In the palace, it seems that you read the Hakkenden of Takizawa Bakin".
Rokugo Sakyo said something strange.
"Um, what's wrong with that?"
It goes without saying that Bakin's Hakkenden was popular in the world at that time.
"At the end of that stage, there is a place where the eight princesses of Satomi Hou are met with eight dogmen."
"Woom"
"As a means of doing so, there is an article that the bamboo blinds are tied up at a distance and the combination is left to the ice man under the moon."
"Actually, it's a strange story, but it's interesting as a Kyogen sequel."
"Let's learn it and decide on a matchmaking. How about it? It is also above this that we give the three maids of the mansion's specialty to our three vassals. Thankfully, there should be no maiden in the combination. I think it is fairest to leave Yahari luck to heaven and decide on a spouse by marriage. But"
"I see, that's interesting."
Ukiyo-e lord Ishikawa Hyuga Mamoru has finally embarked on this strange matchmaking.
For political affairs, ambitions, and even family affairs--no, it was an era when marriages were mostly for family affairs, interests, and politics. It's no wonder that the marriage between the three maids and the three favorite, even this immoral game, is morally justified.
Ouchimuro, who had an uneasy heart for the existence of the three beautiful maids, first agreed with this matchmaking.
As for the general setup, as the matchmaking written in Hakkenden, all that was required was for the three red strings thrown at the bamboo blinds to be pulled by Sakyo Rokugo, Uneme Nakawa, and Jinzaburo Ito. ..
This event was decided to be the evening of May 15th. All arrangements are made by the old woman | Kinuta, who is cracking down on the wife, from the banquet following the marriage to the arrangement to send three pairs of men and women to the three Nagaya. I carried it so that there would be no omissions.
In this case, the fortune is one in three. For Rokugo Sakyo, it's still easier to have one in three probabilities than to be able to push the beautiful mud doll Tayori, but I'm still aiming for it. In order to get Konami, we have to devise something.
Rokugo Sakyo first made a migration to the old woman Kinuta. This is a tough opponent that is not easy, but fortunately, Kinuta's younger brother is under the control of Sakyo, and he is benefiting from various things.
Immediately ｜ The fierce movement of the big child "Owarawa" has started. At the statue of Yaoya Oshichi, he threw out a large amount of money of 300 rewards from the palace, and then grabbed the neck of the old woman, and threw it out of the bamboo blind on the day of the matchmaking. Even though I tied Konami's name tag in the book, I made him aware that I would make a small mark with a white thread.
If you carried it like this, it was already Taihei Tenka. At the end of May 15th, in the silver candles in the upper hall, the three beauties, Tayori, Konami, and Umeno, are the three favorite servants, Rokugo. I faced Sakyo, Nakawa Uneme, and Ito Jinzaburo.
One side was dignified by the kamishimo, and the other side was covered with a cotton hat on the furisode. I can't see my face, but the one who sat on the upper seat was probably Yori, and as time went on, the shoulders were fluttering because of the excitement that was hard to hold down.
Eventually, when the three brides retired during the next time, three red strings were thrown out from under the blinds by the old woman's hand.
"Then, from the senior Rokugo Sakyo"
When the voice of Mamoru Hyuga in Kamiza was heard, Sakyo proceeded without a timid color. One of the three red strings in the middle cannot be overlooked as a white thread fluttering in the tuft.
Next, Uneme, finally Jinzaburo, and the red string drawn by each of the three people had Konami on the Sakyo string, Umeno on the Uneme string, and Tayori's name tag on the Jinzaburo string.
There was a lot of cheers.
"Yeah, yanya"
Mamoru Ishikawa opened the fan and whispered.

[# 5 indentation] 6 [# "6" is the middle heading]

The inner room was also smiling from the side. This game is a perfect success. Shortly thereafter, the three brides in cotton hats were pulled by the old women and guided to their destined good men, Oops.
I don't know what happened to Nakawa Uneme and Ito Jinzaburo, but the bride who was guided to Rokugo Sakyo-Konami at the waist, mysteriously, his parents, Ishikawa Genbu Someone didn't show up, and when the old woman put the bride in the back, she went home as if to invite her relatives.
I finished the San-san-ku-do cup in front of the palace, but with an unsatisfactory feeling that I had to take care of the floor cup at least, Sakyo Rokugo entered the bride's waiting bar. I went.
The bride's Konami is a little hard while sitting in front of the floor.
"Konami-den, it was a mysterious connection."
"――――"
I sat down, but the bride was silent and didn't say anything yet.
"You should take it off first"
Rokugo Sakyo reached out to his waist and took off the bride's cotton hat. Perhaps it was a little rough, a few flowers of tortoiseshell hair ornaments were scattered on the floor.
However, the bride doesn't say anything, her face raised quietly, her eyes looking at Sakyo,
"Ah, Tayori"
It's an unmistakable Tayori-isn't it the face of Tayori's grudge, who has become a motel of seven and played a lot of love?
"――――"
"You are you--"
Sakyo does not block the open mouth.
"I'm sorry, your heart-I heard that you even put a mark on the string, but I couldn't stand the depth of my remorse, and everyone couldn't stand it. "Mi" taught me something like that.
"What? That old lady" Me ""
"It's a grudge to trample me so far, Mr. Sakyo."
Tayori's hand stood with Tsu [# "tsu" as an emphasis mark], and a kaiken was shining when he pulled it out.
"Oh, it's dangerous"
Not long after. Rokugo Sakyo, who didn't even wear suntetsu, was stabbed in the chest by the stretched bride's kaiken.
"Ah"
It wasn't worth it, but it had a sticky butt. Even though the sculpture's skill was excellent, the martial arts was the largest pillow [# "Namakura" as an emphasis mark].

[# 5 indentation] Finale [# "Finale" is a middle heading]

"This is the end of my story. Rokugo Sakyo was stabbed by Tayori in a bride and died, and Tayori was pitifully crazy. The statue of the masterpiece Yaoya Oshichi is ki. Let's also mention that he was smashed into mess that night because of his crazy Tayori. "
The speaker, Hisashi Amano, said so and combed his long hair with five fingers again.
"Finally, I'm sorry to say that I'm sorry to say that the lesson is that what I've achieved at the expense of others is like wealth, name, art, and manure. I can't help but hate even the Terakoya Matsuo, who slashes his sacrifice and fulfills his loyalty, let alone an artist. "
Hisashi Amano bowed with Pyokori and got lost in the dismayed audience.



Bottom book: "Nomura Kodo Den Mysterious Fantasy Novel Collection" Sakusha
Issued the first print on June 30, 2009
Parent of the original: "Ghostwriting" Apollo Publishing Co., Ltd.
October 1948 (Showa 23)
First appearance: "Monthly Yomiuri"
January 1947 (Showa 22)
* The bottom book is a large scale of "ga" (ward number 5-86) used for counting things and place names.
Input: Hiroshi Kadota
Proofreading: Tetsuya Abe
Created on February 22, 2015
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
