Before dawn
Part 1 below
Shimazaki Toson
-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]
"":ruby
(Example) Otaki << Otaki >>
｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Honjin | Wholesaler << Toya >>
[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Numbers are JIS X 0213 area area number, or original page and number of lines)
(Example) * [# "Kusakanmuri / 稾", 18-3]
/ \: Double dance character (repeated symbol in the shape of a vertically lengthened "ku")
(Example) In the first place / \
-------------------------------------------------- -----
Chapter 8
One
"Hanzo is about to return from Otaki."
Kichizaemon was a retired man, but he was worried about the absence of Hanzo, and as soon as he sipped his morning tea as usual, he went down the back second floor of the Magome main team. As a habit of him, he wore a simple hakama, "Hirabakama", even if he went around for a while. In addition, he wore straw sandals handmade by his younger son, Sakichi, and after the illness, he couldn't let go of his cane because his half body was slow to recover.
It has been more than half a year since Yoshizaemon also handed over his generation to Hanzo, who inherited the trace, and retired from the three roles of Shoya Honjin and wholesaler Toya. The previous year, from the summer to the fall of the second year of Bunkyu, he was still in bed, and he passed through Kisoji from Edo to Kyoto. It was around the time when I couldn't even meet at this post. Due to the epidemic of bad illness from the cage, even that daimyo was forced to stay for three days by Suwa on the way. From the Edo table, Osaka [# "Osaka" is "Osaka" in the bottom line], not to mention Kyoto, the malignant eczema "Hashika" is prevalent throughout Japan, and even if it is completely cured, it will cause various diseases. In turn, there have been numerous deaths to all. It's a relief to say that changing the year is a relief, but when I hear that there is no other way to get rid of disasters than sending a god of bad illness, I'm an elderly person. Fushimiya Kinbei's "Fushimiya Kinbee" mystery couldn't have been silent at first, and even at this inn, a kadomatsu was set up in the beginning of August, and the New Year was celebrated twice a year, and it was said that the world would be restored. Hooray. For Yoshizaemon, that was the last time of his long life as a stationmaster. On the 29th of August, he and Kinbei were asked to retire. That's why he has lived withdrawal for a long time. It is rare for him to think about the state of the post station, to be worried about people's rumors, and to look around to the wholesaler's place, Toiyaba, when he was away. Met.
At that time, Shogun Iemochi said that it was still unknown as much as the return of Kangyo when he went to Kyoto, and it seems that British warships from eleven ships are trying hard to retreat to the port of Yokohama. Say no. It was around the time when various "various" rumors were transmitted. Yoshizaemon's feet first turned to the main building of the main camp, where his grandchildren were.
"Hi, Mr. Reiheishi, the messenger."
In the hearth of the main building, Irori, the younger son, Sakichi, said that and was playing with his children. Oman (Kichizaemon's wife) also comes from the back second floor and is with the people (Hanzo's wife). Some of the families have already eaten early in the morning, and some are still heading to the table. Yoshizaemon went in there.
"Yes, Masami is not a messenger," Oman tells his third grandson.
"It's not the messenger who eats rice quietly," says Sakichi again. It was the habit of this young man to bend one leg to the corner of the hearth and to eat with the straw shoes.
"Sakichi, I'm not a messenger."
Sota, the general manager, said, so everyone gathered in the hearth laughed.
The grandchildren of Yoshizaemon also grew up. Kume is eight years old, Sota is six years old, and the third Masami is three years old. The reason why Reiheishi goes up to the mouth of such a young person is that it has become a street name of something noisy on this route. It is the Nikko-Reiheishi delegation who comes down from Kyoto every year to shake people's feet along the way, squeeze money at inns everywhere, and afflict the people along the road in every way. It was. It was also the deputy messenger's party that the peasants were afraid of, like the Great Storm of the 210th. A group of about 500 people, including the lord Kuge and the great priest Daisojo, came to sneak in with the money of gold, and recently from 20 cars at this Magome inn. It was just when Hanzo was away toward Otaki that he passed by the congratulatory money "Shugikin".
Yoshizaemon went from the wide furnace to the relaxed room and saw it. It is assigned to the room where Hanzo sees the office work of Shoya Honjin against Seisuke.
"Everything should be done with just one Hanzo quantity-I won't say anything anymore."
This is a word that Yoshizaemon left in Hanzo when he retired, and his heart did not change even after he retired. Nowadays, he had no intention of talking about his house. However, I was satisfied just looking around Hanzo's work room.
I also went to the store room and saw it. An interesting pine tree with branches was moved from the mountain to the remains of an old tree that died in the previous big fire, and a peony with large white buds spews new buds from the burnt remains. ing. It's Hanzo's favorite. "Pine is a branch" came up from the tree planting in the garden, and Hanzo made it the title of his song. However, the books piled up between the alcove of the store room were more noticeable to Yoshizaemon than those in those gardens. There are various books on the ancient studies of the Motoi and Hirata schools. That Hirata | Atsutane and his hometown, Sato Nobuhiro, who is said to have been influenced by it, also has a writing mystery about farming.
Yoshizaemon said alone and saw it.
"This is it. It looks like Hanzo is still enthusiastic about this kind of person."
It was still in the morning, and Kiyosuke, who came to help every day, didn't show his face either. With his feet, Yoshizaemon went out of the gate from the entrance of the main building, through the front yard. Other than the up and down travelers who leave Magome early, not many people pass through the highway yet. The post station activity was a time when it could be started by cleaning the roads.
Since the Shogun Joraku, the guards of the mysteries of various daimyo and public officials who pass through this highway have suddenly become strict. The Nikko-Reiheishi of that year was the lord of Taka 150 stones, but he set up the gun of eight | I left a rumor that I left in the heavy rain. It was well-received that it was accompanied by one from the official court and one from the Mito clan, but later it turned out to be a guard from the Owari clan. The messenger who was supposed to connect the imperial family and Tokugawa | Mausoleum of Tokugawa was not useful for the Kobu Gattai, and it was a party to smash it and walk. As expected, he was a hateful messenger, and he had to think about protecting himself with eight guns and two horses.
The first half of every month was for Hanzo's house, and the second half was for Kutayu, who took turns opening the wholesale store, Toiyaba, in this order. Yoshizaemon's legs turned toward that direction. Eikichi Kameya, who newly entered in the form of a calligraphy, Eikichi Kameya, is commuting to work early, and a messenger man and two people are cleaning up there. Eikichi is the inheritance of Yoshizaemon's parents' home, and is the nephew of Yoshizaemon, and Hanzo is the relationship between his cousins. It is this Eikichi that Yoshizaemon took the trouble to help Hanzo's work as a wholesaler.
"Uncle, isn't it early?"
"Ah. I thought that Hanzo was about to go home, so I came around for a while. It seems that the load has accumulated a lot."
"That's it. It's a load bound for Fukushima. The cows on the pass haven't come down yet."
Eikichi came to a small hill that was a renovation of the wholesale store, and put his hand on it, and Yoshizaemon was again on the siding board in front of it. And while standing at the kick-in, he was dodging words above and below the threshold. Yoshizaemon intends to read the notebook of the wholesaler after retirement to see if he can feel at ease with Hanzo's work, and he does not want to be told that Aoyama's parents and children are lazy in their profession. there were. However, he couldn't say such a thing right away, and he listened to the recent situation of various wholesale stores that Eikichi said.
"Odanna, the master, has a cup of tea at the store room (this is the inn's stuffing place). No one can see the officials yet."
Said the messenger man. With that as a trigger, Yoshizaemon went through the dirt floor that had been hardened with gravel and went to the rising end of the innkeeper's station and sat down. There is a place called a meeting place, and in addition to Fushimiya, Masudaya, Horaya, Umeya and these four seniors, there is another wholesaler | Kurobee. 》 It is a place where you can get a consultation every time there is a mystery. Yoshizaemon put a cane at the rising end and drank tea while sitting. Then I called out to my nephew "Hey".
"Eikichi, could you show me the notebook of the wholesale store here? I have something to look up."
At that time, Eikichi wrote down the number of horses in Sukego | I took out the mystery of the day book "Hijimecho" there. Yoshizaemon is also a retired person, and he is unlikely to talk about the station road. However, he was satisfied that he looked through the important books and read Hanzo's recognition method.
"Uncle, the road is getting worse," Eikichi says. "Everything is going to be done by force. There was a samurai who came to Kutayu's house and said that he was slow to put out his legs, and he was exposed at the wholesale store. There is also a terrible one. It's a thing. The samurai was still on his feet and jumped up onto the table in the wholesale store. There was Mr. Kurobei. I couldn't see that person either, so I suddenly used the samurai on the table. It seems that he pushed it down from the top. Now, whether it's angry or not, the other party, Saki, will put his hand on the sword, so if Kurobei is flying there with that big body and can be slashed. He said that he should cut it and see it. The daimyo's basket was waiting on the table. The daimyo heard the noise and finally stopped the samurai. Why? This section cannot be taken care of. "
"By the way, I hear that one person per 100,000 stones, or the samurai of various clan, have come to work toward Kyoto, but is it true?"
"I heard that story too."
"It's been since the change of Sankin-kotai. I have no idea how far that change will go."
After talking about this, Yoshizaemon lifted his hips as if he had sent time unintentionally. Even when he went out of the wholesale store, he looked deeply at the sky of the road in April of the lunar calendar from the open door of the shoji screen through the shadow of the eaves. And he looked back on Eikichi.
"Until now, you, the daimyo of the Sankin-kotai, were heading to Edo to Edo, because it came to visit Kyoto instead of Edo. The world has changed."
Yoshizaemon was worried that Hanzo even jumped out to Kyoto with his two best friends. If Hanzo were to run away from home, following the Kagezo of Nakatsugawa Honjin and the incense of Izumiya, a new wholesaler. From that concern, the old Yoshizaemon was depressed and eventually walked very quietly toward his retreat. By the time he went upstairs, he came to see his husband, Oops, from the main building, Haze.
"No, the wholesale store is quiet in the morning. Only Eikichi was at work, and no officials could be seen yet."
Yoshizaemon untied the hakama string and walked around in front of the old fusuma from the predecessor's retired half-six era. The retreat was left unburned by the great fire of Magome last year, and the character of the fusuma that stuck the large book of unknown author is one of the comforts for Yoshizaemon.
"It's about time Hanzo is back," he told his wife. "This section is a mess of roads, and Eikichi is also worried. It seems that there are people in town who say a lot."
"Do you mean Hanzo?", Oman also looks at her husband's face.
"Is that the diary of the main team without fail?"
"Come on, I've noticed that too. That diary was on my desk, so I opened it up without any intention of opening it. Like you often kept a diary of the main team, Hanzo is also home. For the time being, I wrote in detail about who came from Fukushima and stayed there, and guided the timber to Yufunezawa. There are days when it's not sunny. Sunny. Cloudy. Sunny. Cloudy. There was a place that lasted seven or eight days. "
"That's it. Even if it's the nature that was born clumsy, I want to give him a little more economic talent."
The couple, who should be called tea-only friends, put an old-fashioned cigarette tray in between and began to worry about the future of their children. At that time, Oman sucked a breath with a long Rao smoke tube,
"I thought I'd say it because it didn't come, but when I heard the rumor of Hanzo, I'm sorry. Even that Kinbei-san's mystery, Magome's headquarters and wholesalers work for Hanzo. It seems that you are looking at it with that in mind. "
"Well, you think that's about me. That's why I put in Kiyosuke-san and asked Eikichi to come and help Kiyosuke-san with Shoya and Honjin, and Eikichi with the wholesaler's work. . What those two people are attached to, if this is a normal time, even Hanzo will not work. "
"Well, that's right-the foundation is in place."
"You can tell by looking at that friend. The son of Nakatsugawa's main team, Musuko, and the son of Izumiya, a new wholesaler-both of them have gone out of work for the main team and wholesaler."
"It seems that Hanzo is working hard. I understand that well. After all, you and your friends are both from Kyoto. When Hanzo becomes irresistible, when may he leave the house? not."
"That's it. Kinbei-san tells me that it was a big mistake that I recommended Hanzo to study, and that study is really scary, but I say so. I know that I'm lacking in my own studies. At least I want Hanzo to learn, and it's not a bad idea to have one student Shoya out of Aoyama's house. I turned my heart to Mr. Hirata. That was an attempt. I didn't stop when he offered to introduce Hirata. It's like being born, and this one can't do anything about it. I tell you that human work is for one generation only, and when you say that you want to give your child the experience of a parent, no one can do it. I didn't get anything. I had a hard time looking at the highway, but Hanzo is Hanzo, and it's a new re-sown. When I think about it, it was born at a time when it was unfortunately difficult. See you. "
"Well, there is no end to worrying about it. If you call Kiyosuke-san and consult with him often."
"Let's do that. Just jumping out to Kyoto will make Hanzo discourage you. That's not the time when you're looking after a mystery at home, that friend said. I might say. "
There was a footstep of a person passing under the back second floor. Oman heard it and went out of the shoji to see it.
"Sakichi? I'm going to have tea at the retreat, so please ask Kiyosuke-san to come and tell me that."
While waiting for Seisuke, Yoshizaemon lay down a little. Even if he finds a short time, it is his habit after illness to lie down and take a rest.
"Pillow". "
Shortly after the manga was distracted and recommended the old-fashioned nap box pillow to her husband, Kiyosuke came up the ladder step with a Kiso-style light bowl "Karu-san". When I saw Kiyosuke, who was important to Honjin and worked hard, Yoshizaemon got up again and became so energetic that he started to hear the rumors of Hanzo.
"Kiyosuke-san, I'm just talking about Hanzo with my husband, Danna, because my husband is also worried," says Oman.
"Is that so? Speaking of my husband's request, I came thinking that it was too early for that, even though I was waiting for a shogi partner."
Seisuke laughed cheerfully and patted the side of the hairy gills that were shaving lushly. On the second floor of the retreat, which lasted for two hours, Yoshizaemon cut out while preparing the manga for tea.
"Well, Seisuke-san, even the troupe" Zabuton "is laid out."
"No, no, there are a lot of reasoners, and it's the same at every post station, but there are constant complaints. It would be nice if you could keep silent like your husband, but Kinbei-san's mystery is taken care of. Great to bake. "
"I wonder if Hanzo's method is wrong."
"In front of my husband, no one in the master's house points to the main team. That's because everything that can be read and written in this village is thanks to Hanzo. When it comes to the post station problem, that's it. It's noisy. For example, even cows going in and out of the wholesale store used to love me more, and I took out my luggage earlier than the cow mystery I visited for the first time. Hanzo-sama, who participated in "Favorite", may pet more cows in and out. That's what he says. "
"It's my first time hearing."
"Then, there is a difference between the tenma role of the inn and the sukego in the inn, and Hanzo-sama can let him play the tenma role of the inn. I'm well aware of Hanzo-sama's temperament, but when I ask him what he wants to say, he's the kind of person who comes out of Ina. When I looked at it like that, I wouldn't be grateful for that deal. Even on the evening when I came to work at the inn and stayed there, * [# "Kusakanmuri / Minoru", 18-3] There are many things that you should keep in mind, such as doing "warazuka" or learning reading and writing arithmetic. Recently, however, the style of Sukego has generally deteriorated, gambling is depressed, and the gambling paid at the wholesaler has been drunk, and when I return to the village, it is a fixed complaint. It's just an exaggeration to use people like cows and horses, and don't give them gambling. Hanzo doesn't know that at all. I say that kind of thing. It's rumored that my husband's time was good, and when I touched him, he said ... "
"Wait. When I was told that, when I took care of the post station, it sounded like I was a favored person."
"My husband, well, please ask. Hanzo-sama often says that the riddle of the Sankin-kotai is too late. When I ask the town's things, I wonder why everyone can eat when the post station is deserted. , I also say that. "
"That's it. I'm worried about Hanzo. Is there anything that no one is worried about being involved in the rise and fall of this highway? When I come, it's difficult to succeed, and the horses are getting tired. For better or worse, it's a time like this. That opinion is that it is not something that can be preserved. It seems that the theory is that Tsumago's Juheiji is also the theory. If you think about it for a moment, all the roads are the same, and traffic is frequent. If there is, that much money will fall in the post station, so the more big traffic mysteries, the better, but that is a little different from the Tokaido area and our region. A place where many human horses are collected like Kiso. Then, I can't finish the wholesale store. I don't think that's the case for those who don't know the circumstances, but an example in which a fellow Shoya of Kiso 11-juku consulted and petitioned the magistrate's office to pass as large a passage as possible through the Tokaido. There is also. I'm an old man, so I'd like to save the change of worship, but I think that Hanzo and Juheiji's opinions also make sense. "
"Let's do that. But, if you ask me, Kutayu and his friends are dominated by Edo, and Hanzo is also dominated by Kyoto. With Kutayu and his friends. It's a different head from Hanzo-sama. The main idea of ​​various daimyo is to visit Kyoto in the morning, and I don't think of that kind of thing at the old post station. "
"When I listen to your story, I can think of it. In other words, I don't think of a wholesaler as a business in my house. I think it's like a child of a child. Even Hanzo thinks that the main wholesaler is only an honorary position. If you look at the history of my house, you can see that. The mood and the mood of the townspeople are mixed, and it's hard to control. "
"It seems like you're really into the story."
While saying that, Oman laughed lightly and brought tea utensils from the next time. I recommended the tea that was boiled in the retreat to both my husband and Seisuke, drank it myself, and joined the conversation.
As Oman recalled, "Anything," he said, "I heard that Hanzo had done something with Kutayu at the Shinto Funeral. Since then, Hanzo's reputation has been well received at Kutayu's house. I heard that it's not good. "
"That's not the case," Kiyosuke said. "I don't know what Kutayu thinks, but only Kurobee-san never does that. Whatever he said, he went to the mountain for his father. It is only possible to go to Hanzo to go to the temple to get the best of luck. "
"No, I'm impressed with that point. I mean, there's a place like a child in Hanzo. It seems that you'll notice a little more detail, and the post station is well taken care of. I think it will arrive. "
"Well, my husband, Hanzo doesn't have the fineness of Mr. Kinbei who immediately spreads his umbrella just because the sun has come to the highway."
"I think Mr. Kinbei's words are good. Putting a wholesale store in Hanzo is like leaving a rice brewery to a guard who doesn't know the value of rice. That person says sharp."
"Well, Eikichi-san also came, and I'm not worried like my husband. Please take a look. Hanzo will do quite well."
"Mr. Seisuke," at that time, Yoshizaemon interrupted what the other party said. "This story is about this, and I'll give you an analogy of shogi. It's a path that we both like. There are pieces that go one step at a time. There are pieces that fly one step at a time. Pieces can fly, but they don't know that they can go step by step. Some pieces can also go step by step, but they don't know that they can fly. Well, such pieces that can fly at once or go step by step are rarely born. "
"Then, large-husband, that Hyoe Kimu mystery is probably Sashizume what kind of piece."
"Speaking of shogi, it's a piece made up. If humans go that far, well, it's okay to say it's made."
"Because it's Kinbei-san, is it a nouveau riche? Your husband's fashionable" pun "came out."
The listening man started laughing too. Then, taking the story of the two, "Let's just sneeze Hanzo somewhere by now. I don't know about shogi, but whether it's Hanzo or the people, that couple Is still young. The good thing about young people is that they can't see the future.
"That's proof that you're old," laughs Yoshizaemon.
After saying, "Maybe that's right.", Oman changed his tone and said, "You, let's put off the most important thing and talk to Seisuke-san yet. See, that Hanzo Because of that, I might follow my friends and go to Kyoto. If I see such a situation, I asked Kiyosuke-san to be careful, and I was worried about that. Isn't it coming? "
"That's it," said Yoshizaemon. "I was just thinking about saying that."
Seisuke nodded.
Two
Hanzo hurried from Otaki with Katsushige, thinking that he was away. Satomiya, which he received from the house of Negi at the foot of Mt. Ontake, and the white rice mystery of Shinsen, pleased his father Yoshizaemon. It was.
A letter from my friend Kazo, who arrived while I was away, was waiting for Hanzo on the desk of "Ma" while relaxing. That's what he had in mind, and first and foremost, it was Kyoto, which he tried to open and read. As he imagined, it seems that the fact that he was surrounded by the dim air of Rakuchu's style was not what his friend thought from Nakatsugawa. Hanzo learned a lot. Kyoto who wrote that his friend was taken care of | Fuyacho dyeing shop | Isekyu is a senior | Masaka Kurita I learned that he was a sensible merchant. Sir Shirakawa Sukekunikyo of the Shinto profession, who said that his friends had a deep relationship with him soon after he entered Kyoto, is a speech by many scholars to Shinshin. He was the person who made the connection with "Zei", and from that relationship, he learned that his friends would start to come and go with the minor scholars of the Choshu Domain, Higo Domain, and Shimabara Domain. Not only that, the senior who was tied up in connection with the demonstration case that the head of the wooden statue of Shogun Ashikaga was exposed to Sanjogawara. Other people in the Hirata family, including "Morooka Masatane," were only slightly sentenced to imprisonment, and all were sentenced to six years' imprisonment, and Masaka himself had already been entrusted to the Ueda domain. I knew that I was in the body of. In particular, at the time of the capture, Nijo of Masatsugu | At the house of the shelf of "Koromo", the two victims who were slaughtered on the spot due to resistance and fighting were among the Hirata monks. I learned that the fact that it was taken out of the house gave a strong urge to my friend Kagura who actually stepped on the soil of Kyoto.
There was no one in the main store room. Hanzo took a letter from Kyoto to the bright shoji and read it repeatedly there.
"You are a letter from Keizo."
The people came to hand over the letter to Hanzo. The letter from Kyoto arrived at Hanzo from here and there.
"People, who wants to bring this letter?"
"It was delivered from Manya in Nakatsugawa. When Yasubei went to Kyoto for the commercial law, Akinai, he took care of it."
At that time, the people looked at her husband's face as if they were surprised that Hanzo did not seem to be so tired after visiting Mitake. From the place where you laugh with wrinkles on the tip of your nose, which is big and thick enough to be called "Honjin nose", to the quiet mouth, the appearance of your husband gradually resembling his father Yoshizaemon. She is also the one who looks at Bo and leaves by her side.
"Master, I'm afraid."
Katsushige also came to see Hanzo's face there.
"I'm not that much. You."
"I'm fine. When I think about going back, it was really easy to go home. I'll help you to bake Dengaku from now on. I want to feed my master, now | Irori 》 Everyone is making a fuss with the flapping. ”
"I can't pick the buds of Sansho anymore. It was still plum blossoms in Otaki."
Katsushige also left the side. Hanzo opened the letter brought by the people and saw it.
Keizo, a friend of mine who has been staying in Kyoto for a while and is struggling to promote the Hirata faction, was like an older brother from Hanzo's point of view. Compared to Kozo, who is relatively close in age, the letter received from this person is calm from the point of view. On that flight, the joy of welcoming Kagura to Kyoto is stated, and the day of Iwashimizu Gyokou, which had been rumored for some time, is reported in it.
Keizo's letter is quite detailed. According to it, various "various" rumors have arisen about the upcoming deeds. Samurai Nakayama, who was active as a national affairs visitor "Kokuji Yori Udo" | Tadamitsu "Tadamitsu" returned the official position to the imperial court, escaped to Choshu, called "Mori Shinsai", and accused the Shishi. It is said that there was a rumor that there was a plan to take away the phoenix "spinach" on the way. It's really bitter to say that it's hard to measure even though there is something ominous about the good luck of Yawata, whether it came from Aizu or Aizu. If that was the case, there was a sticker on the Giboshi of Sanjo Ohashi, saying that not only the samurai but also the townspeople peasants should do their best to protect this pilgrimage, and immediately in front of the government office. "Immediately" The poster is said to have been burned down. Iwashimizu is about three miles away from the town of Kyoto. The emperor Mikado didn't feel well on the day, but he was encouraged by the begging of the surrounding lords, the Choshu lords, and was deeply annoyed by the future of this country. It is said that he was able to proceed with the phoenix to Rakuchu for prayer. The shogun is ill, and Kyoto Shugoshoku Matsudaira Katamori is also a puja, and Yokoyama of the name "Myodai" | I got it. According to Keizo, at that time, the memoir "Kikigaki" that was transmitted to everyone as coming from the fixed hikyaku "Jobikyaku" of the scale shop "Urokogataya" did not necessarily convey the truth of the day. There is no. In that memorandum
"April 11th. Iwashimizu Yukiyuki's section, Shogunate's illness. At the place of Hitotsubashi-sama's name, I was given a sword of Joi. "
 a. This "Nige" seems to be a somewhat exaggerated report. Keizo still wants to understand that it is because of Hitotsubashi's sudden illness or something. In any case, something will definitely happen on that day. Keizo wrote that there was anxiety awaiting the event not only in the Kanto region but also in the Kyoto region. This Iwashimizu Yukiyuki was the first time he left the town of Kyoto as an emperor, and even though Oyama Okawa mystery had never been familiar with him, he said, "Finally" the Yodogawa dragon. Watching the flow, I was called to think about various things, and it was light for the nation, not to mention the mysterious tribulation of the dragon. It is said that the dragon body was jeopardized and was made to think that it was good. Even the story that the emperor was tired of the verse of return and various thoughts and ate water at the Shishinden Hall's car door, but the letter from Keizo acknowledged it as a bit of a mess. I have it.
Even if I heard it, it was detailed that this older friend wrote it. In Keizo, there are close relatives such as Matsuo | Taseko (Hirata | Kanetane) who is in Kyoto from the presence of Iida. , This lady approached the palace with the path of waka poetry, and the female officers also approached, so I wondered if Hanzo had come out of that area. In any case, the letter seems to be a report of the facts that were sent to Hanzo. Keizo also said that he wanted to tell Hanzo what the air in Kyoto really is now, and even a copy of the reputed poster that was attached to Sanjo's Hashizume after Iwashimizu Hachiyuki. I wrote it.
[# Raise 7 characters from the ground] Iemochi Tokugawa
[# Indent from here]
"On the right, there is a sign that it is as good as the intention that was given to me by the heavenly dynasty after Joraku recently. With the matter of "Katsu", he turned his words to the left and right and went too far in the cause, and deceived the eaves until the deadline for the refusal negotiations. Even though there is even a sword, Yukiyuki Ishishimizu's section suddenly set up a false illness, and even in the Ichihashi Chunagon "Ichibashi Chunagon", he was devoted to the place, and he was honored with his utmost respect. Suo Mamoru "Ikurasuou no Kami", Okabe Suruga Mamoru "Okabe Suga no Kami" and many others, including Ii Sweeping Director "Iikamon no Kami", Ando Tsushima Mamoru " Following the wishes of Andotsushima no Kami and others, he performed various kinds of conspiracy with a bribe, and in fact, he was outrageous and undeliverable. Although it should have been added to Riku, at Taiju (Iemo), he was still young at the ceremony of Jakunen, and he heard the weather coming out of the belly of the various things. With an exceptionally generous amount of information, he should be punished for a while, and quickly clarify the charges of the rapist Kanto, and impose a severe sentence. It is necessary to add the Tenchu ​​to all the heavens, slowly and if the weather is so good, without leaving the season. "
亥 《I》 April 17 [# 2 characters up from the ground] Yoshishi Tenka
[# End of indentation here]
Keizo wrote that the discovery of this amazing poster, perhaps written with the determination of death, was powerful enough to make the shogunate decide to promulgate the deadline. I sent it. The war with Britain may be inevitable. In the opinion of foreigners as well as myself, I believe that it is unavoidable to carry out the order to expel barbar when the time is so imminent. It is also said that many people who call themselves loyal servants or loyal servants are tired of it. At the end of the letter, Keizo added that he had lived in Kyoto for a while and couldn't say anything about Kyoto.
This is even Keizo, who has a humble heart and doesn't like the mystery of Tsukewarai. Many things were imagined in Hanzo who read this letter from Kyoto. Even though it is in the same vortex of innovation, it was imagined that there were many impure things there. Hanzo's eyes come to the sight of a friend who seems to be trying to move forward with the flag of the King of Honor high, despite the impureness.
"How is it, Mr. Aoyama. At this time, even one person is looking for a friend of the King. Do you feel like leaving the house?"
Hanzo thought that he could hear the voice of this friend at the bottom of his ear.
It is this that the proclamation of Joi, which is expected to be on the 10th of May, has finally been made public in the name of Iemochi as a memoir of the fixed hikyaku from Kyoto. It wasn't long before the road was reached.
Under these circumstances, various errands gathered around Hanzo. One of them was a petition for the establishment of Josukego with the change of the Sankin-kotai system. This is to replenish human horses and establish a capacity of public service to support Tsugitate, in addition to the 25 people and 25 | Hiki's regular sword horses. However, according to this method, we ask for the support of Sadasuke-go when even a regular horse cannot handle it, and only in the case of a large traffic that is still insufficient even if Sadasuke-go comes out, Kasukego's I ask for support, but until now, the organization has not been fully equipped along the roads in the Kiso region. To do this, we set up a total of four or five people from the upper four inns, the middle three inns, and the lower four inns out of the Kiso 11 inns, and brought the local circumstances since the transformation to Edo. He appealed to a certain Dochu Bugyosho in detail, and stated that it was time to improve the organization of Sukego, following the example of the Tokaido area, and it was expensive only for those who worked in Sadasuke. We must request an exemption from "things" (Kinno, Yoneno, and other types of households with labor), clarify the position of the peasant who responds to the duties, and at the same time prevent and stop the confusion of the highway. , The opinion of the eleven inns agreed on that. If this petition for the establishment of Sadasuke-go is not accepted by the Dochu Bugyo, we will accept the succession other than the prescribed 25 people, 25 | The rest was also agreed to wait for the next day to take over. At Magome no Yado, Toshiyori | Shinshichi of Horaiya was selected as one of the presidents. Yoshizaemon and Kinbei have already retired, Kutayu has also retired, Inosuke at Fushimiya, Kurobei at the wholesaler, and even if you count the other innkeepers, Masudaya Kozaemon, who is an elderly person, is In place of his father Gisuke, Umeya Gosuke, who played the same role, replaced his father | Yojiemon, and the only old stock, Furukabu, that was still active was Horaiya Shinshichi. It was. Shinshichi just left for Edo Omote, and he wanted to do so, and then came to Hanzo to ask for a sign as a shoya.
By the time the 7th of May was reached, the innkeepers who gathered at the Magome Kaisho talked to each other about the inconvenience of this Sadasuke Township for the time being. The reason is that with the arrival of the fluffy book, I learned that the head of the Owari clan, who is in charge of defending Edo, would pass through Kisoji over Kyoto.
"What are you going to Tokyo for?"
Hanzo thought, and by the time of the coming thirteenth day, I saw the meaning of the big traffic that had to be greeted at this post station in connection with the imminent time. The 8th of that month is the date when the Shogunate is said to have promised a definite answer to the British side in the Namamugi case in question, and the 10th is the date of the expulsion that was proclaimed in advance to the feudal clan, including Kyoto. As my friend in Kyoto wrote, the conflict with Britain seemed inevitable.
"Mr. Hanzo, what should I do to the villagers?"
And his cousin Eikichi came to search for Hanzo from the wholesale store.
"From the villages in the Owari territory, there are 2,000 people, and it is said that they will come to pick up the lord with Fukushima stuffing Nojiri stuffing, so it is so for Tsugitate. I'm not in trouble, "adds Eikichi again.
"Well, the whole village will do it," Hanzo replied.
"Let's get rid of the work of the rice field" Tambo "and hand it over to all the peasants before passing by."
"Please do so."
Seisuke also came there and joined us. Kiyosuke counted the days when the lord of Kiso was greeted at this post,
"Speaking of thirteen days, there are only six days left."
In the village, it was just around the time that the iris festival was celebrated in the process of taking in the silk moth, and the annual chimaki mystery was celebrated. Eventually, Kumigashira, Shosuke, and other heavy members of the Gonin Gumi separated each other, and even to the nearby valley to touch on the coming thirteen days, the mountains. I also flew to the one with a village in Ai. Rice planting has just begun. When I heard that the lord was passing by, both men and women went out to the rice fields and tried to hurry to plant them.
The head of the Owari clan, where the people of the Kiso region are waiting, is called Mochinori. This daimyo, who occupies 611,500 stones, is the ancestor of the retired residence (Yoshikatsu). Not only is Mr. Yamamura, the representative of Kiso Fukushima, under his control, but the large forests around Kiso Valley are also under his protection.
At that time, the shogun was in Joraku, and his guardianship, Yoshinobu Ichihashi, and Matsudaira, the lord of the Aizu domain, were all in the west. There had to be something to undertake. By the promised date of the example, we have a British sailor admiral towards Yokohama who says that if he does not get a satisfactory answer, the power of the fleet will also take the necessary actions to achieve his goal. At times, this absence is quite heavy. The lord of the Bishu lord was defending it with Yoshiatsu Mito.
However, that is not enough to know the location of the Owari clan. In Kyoto at that time, Echizen also withdrew, Satsuma was silent, and it seems that he was just left to the activities of Choshu, but in fact, it is a complex of many powers. Don't forget that. It must be remembered that Aizu, who was appointed with the protection of Kyoto and had a strong loyalty to the emperor, was gradually facing the Choshu domain. Even if there is no difference between the two in the spirit of royal reverence, the one who gave up on the shogunate early and the one requested by the shogunate make the approaching lords of Dogami different and support them. They had different powers and different local temperaments and views. The Owari clan was sandwiched between the eastern and western clan, which seemed to be at the extremes in every respect. Of course, there are no people in Bishu. There was a senior vassal like Masamitsu Naruse, who had been helping the retreat to stay in Kyoto before the Shogun Joraku. It is also due to the Owari clan's strenuous efforts to prepare for the emergency defense by tightening the guards of both Ise and Atsuta Jingu and the Settsu coast. It can be said that Bishu's retreat was in Kyoto and represented the great clan of China.
Unfortunately, the gap between the retreat and the feudal lord was as if it were the gap between Kyoto and Edo. Naruse Masamitsu, who is heavily used in his retreat, was awarded 2,000 bales of rice every year in Kyoto, and many people under Joun Tamiya, who was known as the royal family, were awarded. I didn't even know about such things as the lord of the feudal lord, Mochinori. Originally, the retired man had a history of being imprisoned against the Ii clan at the time of Ansei Purge, and chose the mysteries of "Jingi Hoten" and "Ruiju Nihongi". However, following the wishes of Prince Genkei, he always embraced the wishes of the King. Although he was one of the three Tokugawa families, he was not necessarily a follower of the shogunate's diplomacy. There were people on the retired side who insisted on foreign hardship, and there were people on the feudal lord side who blamed Joi. The gold-iron group, famous in Bishu, is a group of hard-liners who advocated rejecting exorbitant British demands. The feudal lord, who was placed in the position of a diplomatic official because he was absent from Edo, absolutely opposed this opinion. If the reckless war "Ikusa" is to be held, it will not only be involved in the ups and downs of the Tokugawa clan, but if the pride of this country is hurt, it will have to be stigmatized to all the nations of the world. He insisted on thinking about it.
The cost of killing a foreigner was also high. At last, the Oshu feudal lord was financially difficult because Ogasawara, the head of the book, who was a middle-aged man, gave his opinion, and Mito, who was also absent, was conspired with Yoshiatsu. The shogunate has paid the British government a bloody £ 100,000. On the 3rd of May, the feudal lord left Edo to report this, and on the way to Kyoto, he went up the Kisoji Highway from the direction of Itabashi on the 20th day. When the party reaches Sakurazawa, the eastern part of Kisoji, it is already the entrance to the territory of the feudal lord. With strict vigilance, the escort samurai, Ashigaru, fellows, and props mysterious companions were put in, and the same group of 2,000 people passed through the territory and wrote a memorandum for some time. On the thirteenth day, I arrived at the outskirts of Magome's inn.
It was a rainy day. As the stationmaster, Hanzo, like his father's time, was accompanied by innkeepers such as Inosuke, Kurobei, Kozaemon, and Gosuke, all of whom had a fixed crest, Jomon. , 4th level 2-88-9] * [# "Koromohen + lower", 4th level 2-88-10] "Asagami Shimo" welcomed this party. A pile of sand has already been prepared at the entrance of the road, and a water tub for fire fighting with thick paper on a bamboo basket is placed in front of the main gate, and two at the entrance. The curtain of Zhang "Futahari" was also stretched. The sloping town of Magome is a scissors box with a golden Aoi crest, a long-handled parasol, a gun, a tan, and a long-lasting one. Gamochi》 and other tools gave an untimely spectacle. The black of the large bird hair that decorates the tip of the halberd, and the golden mystery that shines on the sword of the Sangenyari, especially the dignity of the large clan, shows the dignity of the large clan, and the black silk haori. The dwarfs who wore the sword went back and forth between them. Speaking of ordinary passage rules, the lords of more than 200,000 stones are horses 15 | However, the number of people from 2,000 people who came to pick up the feudal lord from the villages of the Owari territory flooded this post.
The location of Kiso 11-juku on the Tosan road is approximately in the center of Edo and Kyoto. To put it in detail, the area around Torii Pass is the actual center, and there is a Magome inn about 15 ri to the west. You can see it. However, in order to go to the Kanto Plain, you have to cross the four passes of Torii, Shiojiri, Wada, and Usui, but the plain in the direction of Mino is west of Magome. The difference is that it opens under your eyes from the outskirts of Shiojiri. Needless to say, the Kyoto flight "Tayo" arrives in Magome a few days earlier than I heard in Edo, and the news from Edo can be heard in Magome a few days earlier than in Kyoto. It was no wonder that the servants in the party came up to the top of this pass and wanted to hear what was going on in the west.
The feudal lord of the day stayed at Nakatsugawa, and passed through Magome only for a short break around 8 o'clock in the afternoon.
"Under. Below."
It was a cane-paying voice moving to the west. The voice echoed high from around the slope of Ishiya toward Aramachi. All the high-profile men and women who flocked to the roadside, Kneeling on the soil, trying to see off the lord.
Hanzo also had a busy time. He left the lord's party on the outskirts of the west inn, passed through the crowd, and returned to his house. At that time, Hanzo knew the meaning of the upcoming trip of the Oshu feudal lord from Edo, with the words leaked from the mouth of the swordsman Metsuke.
The feudal lord thanked him for a short break, paid the untimely man-horse rent, and asked if there was any inconvenience before leaving. Hanzo stood there for a while, looking at the messy house to clean up. The feudal lord | I thought about the day when the notification of Joraku was transmitted to Kyoto. Even on the day the feudal lord arrived in Nagoya, strong opposition debates seemed to boil within the feudal lord. In addition, the feudal lord will jump into the air of Kyoto, which seems to be burning with a terrible hostility, to Kyoto where even the consent of the retreat is in jeopardy. I was really wondering if that was the case.
The compensation for the noisy problem has already been paid to England. To announce this, Hanzo searched for his father, Yoshizaemon, before anyone else. According to the rules at such times, the peasants who come and go are gathering at the main team to help both men and women. Hanzo divided the time between them when he found the people and when he caught Seisuke.
"What about your father?"
Magome's main parent and child have a deep connection with the Owari family. In particular, during the Shoya era, Yoshizaemon made many years of efforts to formulate the financially difficult Owari clan, and for three times, once was the first generation | At one time, the feudal lord was given a note saying that he would be allowed to qualify as an audience. Because of such a connection, Yoshizaemon is a retired hemp * [# "Koromohen + upper", 4th level 2-88-9] * [# "Koromohen + lower", 4th level 2-88- 10] Wearing "Asagami Shimo", he welcomed the feudal lord on a trip to his home. When Hanzo found this father in the back room of Honjin, Yoshizaemon was still wearing a hemp hakama.
"Do it, do it, will the war not start?"
My father said after hearing from Hanzo about the story left by Metsuke Metsuke.
"But, Dad, what would happen if this was known to Kyoto. Why did you pay such a compensation? That kind of voice will surely come up."
Three
"You, the collar of the haori isn't broken. On a day like this, call me a hairdresser and make it refreshing."
"Well."
"A while ago, the messenger of Miuraya came and the story of Edo's troupe was staying with six of my wife | It's not like a traveling entertainer, but if you look at it, you'll understand that it's Taiheiki tonight.
"Well, I'm good."
"What happened today?"
"I can't help but move my heart. I just came to the hearth and just sat down and saw it."
The Hanzo couple diddge these words.
The rain that had continued for nine days after seeing off the Oshu feudal lord had not stopped yet. It's about time to hear the voice of a frog in Aoda, a village where the feudal lord had planted it before passing. Born in May of the second year of Tenpo, Hanzo, who has no memory of his mother, has a deep feeling of the season of Samidare.
"It's been thirty-three years since my mother, the people, died."
He told his wife and showed it. Listening to the lonely sound of rain, the unnamed melancholy of the past youth comes back to him.
The people said while looking at the slightly pale husband's face.
"You are sighing, aren't you?"
"I wonder why I was born in a house like this."
Hanzo did not leave the hearth even after the people went to see the children in the back room. He looked around alone. Looking at the family business passed down from his distant ancestors, it seems to him that both his father, Yoshizaemon, and his grandfather, Hanroku, have often dealt with this annoying task. What must be done with Honjin? This tells the story of the structure of the mansion better than anything else. Until then, the public and military dormitories must have a large entrance for the vehicles of various daimyo. There must be a place to hang a long spear. There must be a horse that connects the horses. A water bucket for fire fighting and a high tension for night security must be prepared. Speaking of which, there must also be strict rear equipment that allows access to the back door. As the word Honjin indicates, this is the design of an old Jinya. Taihei's dream of two hundred and several decades changed many samurai families and their surroundings, but the facilities and forms that await them remain in these mansions. The daimyo's journey, carrying everything from tableware to bedding, is probably a preservation of the march customs of the ancient warriors who remember the wartime, and every time they arrive at this post, the main team There is always a curtain at the entrance of the shrine. Other than the daimyo, only the lord, the public officials, and the samurai are allowed to come here to stay and rest. Aoyama's family business is to prepare a mansion and rent a room for such people, and there is a proper care for it. We welcomed the officials of the lodging discount "Shukuwari" in advance, and in addition to the Onjuku tag "Oyado Fuda", we were given a ticket for the cargo that passed through the checkpoints, and we renewed the tatami mats, replaced the shoji screens, and sometimes the walls. You have to wait for the authoritative people to repaint. Folding screen What | Twins, Hand candles What | Rice, candlesticks, Brazier, Hibachi, Cigarette trays, Zori sandals, Zori Don't forget to prepare a set of rice for dozens of people. Why is this not a family business without the kindness and hospitality of travelers?
In that case, what should the wholesaler do? The toiyaba riddle attached to Hanzo's house is clearly under the same design as the Honjin, and is a place that was started mainly for the transportation of rice grains, food, weapons, and other items necessary for the samurai family. I understand. Even as the times change, great care must be taken to transfer official luggage that passes through the highways, and the shipments of various clan. It goes without saying that the various lords and public officials took over the luggage of the passing cages, not to mention the inn horse, the Sukego man horse, the return horse of the inn, and the horse in the horse. From the number of horses earned, to the number of horses in the merchant's luggage, you have to fill in the daily wholesaler book. Not only that, every year or every two or three years, the total amount of human horse collection is calculated, and it is called "Jinbatatetsuji", and it is censored by Dochu Bugyo. Must go through. I don't know about other wholesalers on the various roads, and apart from the house of Kutayu in the same Magome, when it comes to engaging in this work as an ancestral work like Hanzo's house, this is also a family business that works without a public mind. There is no such thing.
Looking at it, except for the role of taking care of the villagers as a unit of local autonomy, his other duties are mainly samurai service. As an Ichishoya, he wants to stand on the side of Qin Wang at least even if he is in a hidden place in the private sector, if there is something in this politics that he cannot rest on. Every time I looked around, he felt uncomfortable even going to another main wholesaler.
From the back room, I heard Katsushige's voice, which seems to be read even in Chinese books. Occasionally children laughed.
"Thank you very much."
The messenger of the meeting place came in with an umbrella 《Amagasa》.
Hanzo was defeated by the voice and went to listen to the errands of the messenger. Since there is a passage of Osaka Gobanshu nearby, it was necessary to keep in mind to prepare for human horses at this post as well. The messenger came to the meeting because of the closeness of all the innkeepers.
On the highway, a peasant who returns from Kezuke (a horse city standing in Kiso-Fukushima), a profession with Kisokoma, a mysterious umbrella, and a kappa. 》, Passing in front of the main gate. Hanzo recently stayed at his own house to see the whole house of Sendai, which has been wet with this long rain, and thinks about the relationship between Kyo-Osaka and Edo, where both the main team and the wholesaler must keep in mind. It was when I was watching. The whole house in Sendai, who came to Edo on the 12th of that month, is absent from the shogun because of the familiarity of the trip that offered a little tea and shochu from Hanzo's house. I left the story of Edo. It is rumored that Ogasawara, the head of the book, Ogasawara, who was known as the chief diplomacy at that time, will leave Yokohama for the purpose of landing in Osaka with 1,500 or 600 soldiers nearby. It is said that it was held in Edo. It is said that this is probably because the circumstances of the awarding of Namamugi compensation will be explained to the imperial court. In this story of the whole house in Sendai, Hanzo sensed that the day of Shogun | Kangyo wasn't too far away. It was imagined that the trip to Edo of the Osaka Gobanshu, which he was waiting for soon, would not be a trip unrelated to the station at this time. At the same time, I couldn't help but imagine that the congestion in the Kanto region, which was repatriated from Kyoto, would appear on this road in some way.
At that time, it is not clear the subsequent fate of the Bishu feudal lord who went up to the west with a serious mission. It's been nine days since the party passed through Magome while staying at Nakatsugawa. With the scheduled date, it's time to go to Kyoto. I knew that the feudal lord had arrived in Nagoya safely, but after that, the story of Hikyaku was very vague, and I could only hear the news that I might not be able to come to Tokyo this time. .. Even though the Namamugi compensation has already been paid, the deadline for the 10th day of the month, which is similar to the declaration of war, has not been withdrawn or postponed. Under these circumstances, there is a person like Ogasawara, the head of the book, who seems to start a big demonstration movement to rescue the shogun from Kyoto. The vague flight from Nagoya made Hanzo and Inosuke, an elderly man working with him on this road, uneasy.
Four
There is already a rumor that the Choshu clan started the bombardment of the American merchant ship, which means "Joi", in the area of ​​"Shimo" in the west. "] I came to come.
[# Indent from here]
Delivered from the Kokura Domain
Oral sensation 《Kojo Obo》
"On the 10th of this month, I got on and off from the foreign ship Ichi | 艘", "Kamisuji", and approached Buzen no Kuni "Tanoura" | Besaki "Hesaki" and anchored offshore. Premature ejaculation. The ship was sent out from Konata, and the ship was asked by the American ship. When the ship passed from Edo Omote to Nagasaki, the weather was bad. At about four o'clock in the evening, I got on and off the Choshu-sama warship, stayed at the right anchor, and had two or three cannons toward the American ship, and Kanata. About four or five shots were launched from the land of the ship, but a few shots were fired from another ship. Because of the ceremony, I couldn't tell what was going on, and I wasn't sure what to expect.
[# 7 characters up from the ground] Ogasawara Sakyo Daiouchi
[# Two characters up from the ground] Seki Shigerobei
[# End of indentation here]
Assuming that this had arrived in Kyoto, Kakura purposely sent a copy to Hanzo. Separately, the following copy of the letter of arrival is also enclosed.
[# Indent from here]
Dated May 11th
A copy of the letter of arrival from Shimonoseki
"Yesterday, the foreign ship Ichi | So, I'm staying off the coast of Tanoura. Suddenly there was a big uproar. I cleared up my luggage in the city, and the elderly, children, and prostitutes fled to my hometown, Zaigo. , The young man was asked to play a role, and dozens of Ronin samurai boarded a different ship. Hundreds | Dozens of unleashed ships than different ships, but did not reach the local area. However, the right different ship was on the down ship, and the passage of this Seto. I couldn't catch it, and I went back to the site again, and it was a sign of a climbing ship catching festival. There were also people, and all the city was lit with a light in front of the eaves, and there was a real uproar. However, two Choshu-sama steamships came and Ishibiya The two balls chased after the different ship that struck and fled. After that, I didn't know which of the different ships I was going to escape to. However, there are also rumors that five or six other foreign ships are climbing, and it seems that everyone will be able to get rid of them if they catch the Seto Passage in the future.
[# End of indentation here]
 a.
The bold actions of the Choshu clan, which ignored the policy of the Kanto region, not only meant the expulsion, but also the debate at the same time. Ronin was also involved in the bombardment of this foreign ship, as shown in the copy of the letter of arrival from Shimonoseki. Hanzo read this notice by himself and took it to his neighbor, Inosuke, to read it. For many, foreign countries were unknown. It seemed that the time was going to be a difficult situation.
It was the passage of Osaka Gobanshu there. It was the end of May, but as soon as Hanzo had breakfast, he wore a hakama like Shoya and went to the wholesale store. Ina's Sukego, a hundred people who have been staying overnight since the night before, is divided into two groups, one in front of the wholesaler Kurobei's house and one in Hanzo's house. I was stuffing outside the gate.
"Kamiseinaiji Village. Shimoseinaiji Village."
There was a voice calling. The people who were called the name of the village went out in front of the wholesale store. Eikichi expanded the list of people in the villages of Sukego, and in light of that, he called each person the name of a farmer.
"Are you Seinaiji? Isn't there anything here at Zakoji [# ruby's" Zakoji "is" Sakoji "in the bottom line?" "
When Hanzo asked,
"My husband, I'm Zakoji."
And there was an answer among the peasants who gathered there.
Seinaiji is the place where Hanzo is the same gate as the senior Hara | Nobuyoshi, and Zakoji is Hirata. It is the village where the senior Inao Kitahara, who is mainly working hard, lives. Ina's seniors couldn't have known that there was a peasant who came to work at this post in response to the contact. Even with that alone, Hanzo remembered the familiarity of these locals.
"I'm sorry for everyone, but today I'll have you work all the way to Suhara."
This is the condition at the wholesale store of Hanzo's house. Hanzo's house was off duty in the second half of the month, but it was necessary to open a wholesale store and support Kurobei, especially on these days.
The passage of Osaka Gobanshu continued for three days. Around the third day, the preparations for human horses are exhausted at any post station. Even if you have no choice but to hunt and collect all the female horses from the inn by person, you have to respond to the succession. A group of official Shoin-bans, who asked to prepare 600 Sukego people at each joint, continued for two days after that. There are days when Sukego comes out, and there are days when it doesn't. In this case, in order to hire a human horse, it was necessary to have a terrifying Kaneko. Each time, Hanzo ran to his neighbor, Fushimiya, even in the heavy rain near June.
"Mr. Inosuke, please pay for the two days or so. You have to pay the rent for about 45 cars."
Both Hanzo and Inosuke continued to sweat hot. After sending the official Shoin-ban, we welcomed the feudal lords of Osaka | Gobangashira's Matsudaira | Hyobu Shosuke and Hizen Hirado's Hizen Hirado on the same day. .. At this post, Horaiya Shinshichi was just sent to Edo to plead for the establishment of Josukego, and the congestion on the highways that had occurred since the change in the Sankin-kotai system was sorted out. I didn't even have time to do it. Ten | A group of Osaka Gobanto, who set up a gun at the end of the procession and protected the front and back with a bayonet with four swords, rested the basket in front of the main team. When I heard that, Hanzo hurriedly returned from the meeting place to his room. Hemp * [# "Koromohen + upper", 4th level 2-88-9] * [# "Koromohen + lower", 4th level 2-88-10] I put it out and put it on. Then, I went to the greeting "Greetings" near the Kago, the head of the station, which was the same as when I was the stationmaster of my father. He took the hakama's crotch as lightly as his father, knelt beside the kago, and called out.
"This is Hanzo of our inn Honjin. Please look forward to it."
By the time he finished this greeting, he had to wait for the Hirado feudal lord's party on one side and worry about allocating more than thirty guests to Manpukuji for the samurai people who stayed in Magome.
By the time June 10th came and the Kanto region of Kyoto was withdrawn, this road was even more crowded. Shogun | Iemochi has already heard the facts of the awarding of Namamugi compensation, and worshiped the good rumors that he should be successful in the process of exorcism. It was around the time when I was told that I had finished the Ino Sannai and headed for Edo from Osaka on a warship. However, in the lodging style, the daikon radish is said to be slow, and the horses of about ten shoguns, Omeshiuma, are accompanied by an official. Arrived at. Each horse came with three swords.
"Hanzo-san."
It was around the end of the rain that Inosuke pulled the sleeves of Hanzo. Even at this inn, after being asked for a couple of dollars, I had to forgo the passage of the horse.
"It's almost noisy, but it's the first time I've hit such a noisy passage."
When Hanzo said so, Inosuke hid his voice and showed it.
"Hanzo-san, what did you say when you came to Wakihonjin's Masudaya and took a rest? What is a horse? That's what Masudaya says. Mr. Kozaemon was also trembling with it, and he asked me what to say if the horse of Kubo-sama was bad. ――You can say that you are a servant horse, and then this servant horse drinks a sip of shochu, so you should be aware of that. "
Hanzo and Inosuke looked at each other.
"Mr. Hanzo, it's still good if that's all you need to do. Why is that Betto in a bad mood, and when Mr. Kozaemon lingers in a reply, suddenly he puts his servant horse on the alcove of Masudaya? It seems that he was withdrawn. It's a great story. It's really stepping on and kicking. "
Hanzo sighed, saying, "I can't wait to be hit by the enemy of Kyoto, Kataki, when I come to this post."
When the longevity of the shogunate to be withdrawn from Kyoto was fifty ｜ Sao also came down the Kisoji Highway, it became even more difficult to ship at this post. The Shogun's horse, which arrived on June 10, was nothing more than a precursor to the Kanto region, which was flooded from the west. Hanzo consulted with Eikichi, and after consulting with the elderly, the Sendai elder (Kojuro Katakura), who was on his way back to the Edo mansion from the cage, decided to temporarily store the luggage mystery. Wishing, I left the longevity of the three swords and the horse load of the five swords at the inn.
After retiring, Yoshizaemon exchanged for silence, and Inosuke's adoptive father, Kinbei, wasn't just pulling into the Fushimiya's hideout above. Because of the care-loving nature he was born with, Kinbei came out of the upper Fushimiya, shaking his shoulders, as if he couldn't see this crowd.
"It's hard to remember young people," said Kinbei, pulling a cane to the front of the hall and catching Hanzo and Inosuke. "There is also a government office in Fukushima. There have been many examples of wishing for business trips by the officials. Isn't it the government office at such times?"
"Mr. Kinbei, in that case, Mr. Shosuke of Sasaya went out. That person also stood toward Fukushima to borrow the rice for food, Sakujiki."
Hanzo's greeting "Greeting". Kumigashira Shosuke, who can be called the peasant president, and Inosuke, the senior citizen, were the people Hanzo asked for power at such times.
Eventually, I saw an official from Fukushima and his subordinates on a business trip at this post. Even the innkeepers of Nojiri and Midono were accompanied to prepare for the horses passing by in the Kanto region. After all, there is a lot of mixture, and Ina's Sukego doesn't come out to support him. Magome wasn't the only thing that wasn't perfect for the succession. Mino's Oi-juku and Nakatsugawa-juku are very similar, and the officials who had to travel from Fukushima couldn't find a better way for Hanzo than to ask for a temporary stop. However, the small station above this pass was an inn for each house, and there was no place to rest the officials. The overnight stay was undertaken at Kinbei's hideout.
"Master."
That said, Katsushige flew to Hanzo after six days of packing difficulties after sending the long-lasting for the shogunate. The Fukushima officials had been staying for a long time, and although they went to the villages in their hometowns to urge them, Ina's legs did not move easily. It was when the whole house bound for Edo was staying at this post with the accompanying people. It was when Hanzo was breathing, knowing that only one-third of them had finally been succeeded.
"Is Katsushige doing a review? I can't read a book with this. I couldn't look at it for a while. You won't last that long."
"No, it's not there. I can't help anything. By the way, Master-I've just seen something interesting in front of the wholesale store. How much luggage Even if you are told to take it out, you can't take out the luggage that you can't take out, so think that Mr. Eikichi refused to the traveling people. Isn't it? Eikichi-san also put a piece of Tenpo Sen in the sleeve. "
Katsushige looked into the ugly world of adults, and he gave himself a little glance, and then showed more words.
"Well, that person isn't just Eikichi-san. I also rushed to Kurobei-san. There was no choice, so I put another Tenpo coin in the skirt. "Okay, okay, I'll forgive you for this."-Yeah, the people on that trip would say it with a big boss. I was surprised at this. "
There are various stories about the threats and extortions on the roads at that time. The mystery of the word "Jikkon" was also born from that. The meaning of becoming a real friend is to make it easier for you, and the owner of the inn, "Teshu," who was greeted by a samurai guest, is sure to celebrate the bronze of the appetizer "Fishing Dai". I was always asked for a donation of "Goshugi". Even if the townspeople are still on the highway, when a samurai-style guest asks, "Let's get to know each other," while carrying a basket, it's always a minute. I had to be prepared to be asked for money such as "bu" or 200 minutes. When the quality of the poor samurai and the lords became poor, they made a round trip between Edo and Kyoto, begging for at least a thousand dollars, and slept for a few years. The world has come to be said to be able to eat. The riddle of the samurai people threatening the things in the wholesale store, one by one, is no longer rare on this road.
There is this threat and extortion. It was no wonder that bribes were openly held on the one hand. Conventionally, there is also a rule for the perforation of luggage that passes through the wholesale store, and the main horse "honma" 1 | geta "da" 20th, light butt "karajiri" 5th, and geta "dani" 40 It is stipulated that it is the 5th kanme, which has one person and one person, but it is a kind of money difference "Zenisa", "Kappa", lantern "Chochin", Kasabukuro "Kasabukuro", Geta bag "Getabukuro" "Tagui" was allowed to be a small sack "Kozuke" only for the horse riding a geta. In order to crack down on the fraudulent stealing of this sword, the so-called swordsman's rehabilitation center was set up in Itabashi, Oiwake, and Seba, and officials of the shogunate may travel there. There was also a change in the presence of the one in the wholesale store. It was a time when he was able to advance to a certain extent with the power of bribes, and was able to take over the shares of his family, Gokenin. Even the luggage of the various clan that exceeded the regulation was sent to the wholesale store in Magome after passing through the Gokanme Kaisho.
Shogunate ｜ Recalling a vehicle, a litter, a large number of guns, and a long-lasting last, the heavy congestion of every day finally sank around June 29th. there were. The litter with the crest of Aoi, which was repatriated from Kyoto, was protected by the feet of 40 people each. The samurai people who came in from Mino's muscles on a daily basis, the Yoriki that overflowed to Manpukuji Temple in this village, and the concentric people's concentric people also stood toward Edo. I went. The passage to talk about the return of the shogun "Kangyo" has also come to an end. At that time, you can see how the Kanto region, which was scheduled to enter for only ten days, was rarely found in the air of Kyoto. It is more than 54 ri away from Otsu's inn, and on a sunny day, it comes to the top of Magome Pass, where Ibukiyama of Omi is desired, and how relieved the Kanto region is. I can see if I took a breath. The Sendai elder with his son, Chakushi, hesitated to travel until that day, thanked him for keeping his luggage at the inn, and gave the Kyoto-style rakugo, Onagabanashi, to Hanzo and Inosuke. I left it at.
Even in July, Hanzo still couldn't get out of the intense fatigue every day. The summer-like rain that lasted for two days in the season when tea picking started made people even more tired. When he went to the hearth of his house and saw it, Eikichi, Seisuke, and Katsushige gathered there, and his younger son, Sakichi, looked like he was sick. The grandmother of Makata's house, who lives nearby, is also coming and talking. The rumors of the Shogun | Omeshiuma, who had been scattered around eight at this post, were still endless at that time.
"I was surprised that the horse was drinking a shochu."
"When you say the mystery of your horse, you will get angry. It's your horse."
"Someday, I'm not going to let myself drink the betto."
"I'm just talking about sarcasm. There's nothing wrong with this section on the highway. If you come with a samurai who doesn't understand why, do you really want to do it? . "
"Ah, I thought I'd make it this time. No matter how much the name is on top, the officials who keep the horses and the other way around, I'm sorry. I'm sorry to say that, but it just loses the credibility of the people. "
"The Tokugawa clan is at the end."
It was a story that no one would talk about and no one would answer, and it seems that the hearth was a hearth. Some are tired of the rain and lie down. Some throw their legs out. Hanzo's boys Sota and Masami were amused and swam between them.
"Mr. Hanzo, I have a little story. When I was happy to get rid of one, I had another problem with the post station."
When I welcomed Inosuke, who came from my neighbor's house, to relax, I found that Tosan-do wasn't attended by the helpers, so until I could sort it out for the time being. It was to give a refusal to the head of Osaka.
"It seems that someone will go from Suhara as the president of Kiso 11-juku. He will travel to Osaka."
"Then, Mr. Inosuke, let's do people from Magome."
Hanzo called Eikichi and Seisuke there, and the four of them put the forehead "Hitai" into the selection.
The reorganization of the hometown since the change of the Sankin-kotai system has finally seemed to be an urgent task for those who work at this post. After experiencing the shipping from the 17th to the 28th of June, the lack of human foot in the direction of Ina actually proved the difficulty. It seems that the daimyo who were released from the many-year-old Edo mansion "Yashikizumai" have already returned to the country with their families, and the Toshogu shrine's supremacy "Hagyo" is about to collapse from the inside. However, it was not just the decline of the shogunate. In that sense, Hanzo was waiting for the result of Horaiya Shinshichi from Edo.
"That's right. Not only do the daimyo come in the morning, but even the shogunate has come to the momentum to come in the morning. I don't know, but organizing the roads is another matter. "
He thought.
In the heat of mid-July of the lunar calendar, Hanzo went on a business trip to the Kiso-Fukushima government office for things like Inasuke-go and his own village. Just then, on the way back from Fukushima, Hanzo heard a rumor about Hikyaku coming from the west. In addition to the Namamugi compensation of £ 100,000, which was said to be humiliating diplomacy, the victim's relatives and the injured's consolation fee were charged by the United Kingdom for 25,000. Thousands of pounds remained untouched, and it was always up to many to wonder what happened to that problem. It is said that Britain had a strong attitude to try to negotiate directly with Satsuma Hou, and Satsuma refused the request. The rumors brought by Hikyaku from the west were the result of the bursting of the negotiation. The British fleet from nine ships is said to have approached the port of Satsuma. It was said that the fierce battle between the sea and land had already been fought.
Five
"Aoyama-kun: I think you know the situation here after that from the memoir" Kikigaki "of the scale shop" Urokogataya "and other hikyaku flights. It was done on the 13th of August, to pray for the scales and to worship at the Jinmutei Miyama Mausoleum and Kasugasha. For a while, I was asked to go to Ise Jingu after being given a military conquest of Goto Ryu. I was touched by Rakuchu of Yamato Yukiyuki. I knew when I got a letter from Yanagi Baba Log "Yanagi no Baba Maruta" [# Rubi's "Baba" is Mama] Town | This is exactly seven days ago.
――The day before yesterday, around the time of the ox on the night of the 17th, I heard five or six gunshots on the pillow. I also heard the sound of a drum. I heard it from the east. I got up in a hurry, and when I first saw it from the window, it looked like the Aizu family's "Ai" and "Sandai". Eventually, I went out into the sky of the town and witnessed a group of people wearing fire costumes and even Minokasa passing by in front of me.
――For a while, I didn't understand anything. However, there were volunteers from the town who put out the ritual lanterns from around the seven dawns, and along with that, all the things in the town got up, and while the god lanterns were offered to each house, the night dawned. Looking at it yesterday, the nine gates have already been closed tightly, and the Choshu clan has been stopped from guarding the Sakaimachi gate. 》 Was also stopped. On the night of the 17th, Nakagawamiya (Shoren-in), Konoe-den, Nijo-den, and Kyoto Shugoshoku Matsudaira | I found out that they were the heavy people of Aizu and Satsuma. The crowds of the daimyo in Tokyo and the elders of Mito, Higo, Kaga, Sendai, etc., who came in camp costumes, are hard to beat. All the streets in front of the nine gates have been closed to traffic.
――The towns of Kyoto are now almost under martial law by the soldiers of the Aizu Satsuma two clan. Sanjo, Nishisanjo, Higashikuze, Mibuotsu, Shijo, Nishikikoji, Nishikikoji, and Sawa's seven lords have already avoided difficulties at Hohiroji Temple, and tomorrow will be seven. There are rumors that he will retreat toward Yamaguchi with more than a hundred Choshu soldiers. "
A letter with this meaning arrived from Kazo in Kyoto to Hanzo.
Roughly speaking, it is a battle for the ruling class, but the lords who have the desire to restore the royal family and the Choshu clan who support their power have been forced to retreat from Kyoto so much, and they are forced to retreat from Kyoto. There are various "various" circumstances regarding the fact that "Ichitonza" came to the debate movement of Maki Yasuomi and others, who are the flag bearers. Among many lords, a messenger known for his qualities of Satoshi "Sobin" | I thought it would be difficult for Maj. Gen. Anega Koji (known to me) to perform suddenly. The incident, which was sought after by the Joi sect as a metamorphosis and was killed outside Sakuheimon, was particularly upset by the shogunate. It is a rumor that a group of scholars led by Tadamitsu Nakayama, a former chamberlain who had already had a rumor in the cage of Iwashimizu Hachiyuki, will take the opportunity of this time Yukiyuki Yamato to hold a spinach on the way. Even told. Moreover, this rumor appeared as a fact that Gojo's deputy, Gennai Suzuki, and others in the Yamato region were made into a blood festival of Joi. The Echizen feudal lord, who had abandoned the success of the Kobu Gattai and resigned from the post of political governor, did not keep this situation silent. Hisamitsu Shimazu of Satsuma is one of the enthusiastic advocates of the same Kobu Gattai, who has been silent for a while. This person also faced a fierce battle with the British fleet in his home country, and even if the enemy's retreat was due to the wind and rain, the victory or defeat was first fifty-fifty, and even Satsuma sank the ship and destroyed the battery. Even if the coastal town was burned, at least it made the Europeans aware that the people living in this island nation were not so easily conquered, and at the same time, it was something that other clan could not do. At the point where I was confident that I had done it, I caught the time for a comeback with Matsudaira | Shungaku and others. The debate faction retreated from Kyoto, and the Kobu Gattai faction replaced it. Yukiyuki Yamato's argument was overturned, and it was replaced by Chokujo, who said that it was not yet an opportunity to conquer Joi. The fierce impatience retreated from the political stage for the time being, and cooperation and patience took turns.
However, it was premature to see this situation in Kyoto as a calm. In September, a messenger from the west rushed along the Kisoji Highway.
"It's a fast hikyaku again."
Kiyosuke and Eikichi set aside the work they had done, and saw something out of the table. The rough shouts of the fast-flying legs caught the ears of those who lived in the post station.
Finally, the first signal fire that couldn't wait for the arrival of a new era was launched in the Yamato region. This has appeared in the form of a rebellion of the Tenchu-gumi, which consists of more than a thousand people. It took more than half a month to stop this even with the power of the four clan of Kishu, Tsu, Koriyama, and Hikone. However, this event, which flashed as high as the light that pierced the sky of darkness and then disappeared, left an indescribable suggestion in the hearts of many. In the past, various movements that meant defeats were not carried out, but because many of them appeared in the form of demonstrations, they did not openly rebel against the shogunate. By the time this rumor was transmitted to the upper part of Magome Pass, which was far away, the whole house of the Mino Naegi clan "Mino Egihan" came from Osaka in a hurry with "Hayaoi" and told it to Kyoto. , Yorozuya Yasube of Nakatsugawa, who was in Kyoto for business, sent it to Inosuke of Fushimi as a memorandum. This rebellion is called "Forbidden Hyakusho," and he looked up to Tadamitsu Nakayama, the former chamberlain of Japan, and pushed up the red flag with clouds on the sun, and prepared another flag from the first to the hundredth. At first, the number of people was more than 1,000, but it increased to the same level as the chase, and there was also the help of Choshu, Higo, and Arima. The official camp was crushed, and Yamato Kawachi was in a turmoil, and there was talk of heading to Kishu, and it was rumored that he might head to Osaka. Anyway, this debate movement was unsuccessful. A big defeat at the river Kawa of the heavens, the death of Fujimoto Tesseki, and the remnants of the Tenchugumi were separated in all directions.
On the 27th of September, an official of Kiso Yanaka Inn Village was called to Mr. Fukushima Yamamura's mansion. At the mansion's spear, Mr. Yamamura handed me a letter and wrote it in the presence of the three roles of the elderly, the servant, and the servant, Yonin. Inosuke Fushimiya and Kurobei wholesaler took over from Fukushima with what was read aloud from.
[# Indent from here]
Handed over to the inn village with a written notice
"The current times, I'm trying to catch up with you, but it's not easy to make a turmoil on the upper side, and it's scattered to the right remnants. At the Gosekisho, how to crack down on it, and the story gradually changed from the old man. In addition, he filed a complaint for the reason of Nakayama Dainagon-den Mitsuko (Tadamitsu), and he was violently facing the camp with ten wanderers. There is also a way to crack down on it, and there is also a touch that it should be told to the countries. In addition, in Satsushu Choshu, there is a slaughter of the Ebisu Bune, etc., and it is finally decided on the public side. It sounds like a sword, and it's a turbulence. It was difficult to be alert at times, and even the inn village officials were discriminated against the difficult times, and even though it was not possible to say it, Kisoya | Shoya "Shoya" wholesaler "Toya" Elderly "Toshiyori" etc. There are many people in the old family who have this, and in the unlikely event that the section is for someone who works as a minister of service. I often say "Sato", and I want to make a lot of martial arts in mind ... "
[# End of indentation here]
Hanzo received this note from Inosuke and saw that the monitoring of the inn village from the public side was becoming more and more strict. At the same time, I almost intuitively sensed that some of the remnants of the forbidden peasants, who were scattered all over the place, should be under Hirata.
At that time, Hirata Atsutane had a momentum of nearly a thousand people throughout the country after his death, and among them he was not satisfied with the research and publicity of ancient studies, and was willing to take the initiative in the debate movement. There were many who threw themselves into "Chu". Earlier, in the case of Sanjo Kawahara Demonstration, there was an example such as Masaka Kureta, who had escaped from Kyoto day and night. I couldn't even say that there was no one who had fallen from the Yamato region in the distance, listening to the valley of Ina, wearing something again.
"Wait, there is a person who was involved in this case in the future. I don't know if what I did was wrong, but I'm trying to stand on the side of Qin Wang even if I spend my life. I am deeply merciful when I think that I have perished. "
As he continued to think so far, he tried to hide this from anyone. Even the people around him who had an understanding of Hirata's ancient studies could only see this Yamato Gojo turbulence as the so-called "Ronin's violence" by Fukushima's husband, Danna.
The attention given to the inn village by Mr. Yamamura, who was ruled by Kiso Valley, was not limited to simply discriminating the times. Even if one of the battles begins with Izukata, there is a concern that it will become a grain keeper these days. Some villages have enough storage to eat for a year, but the inns above Agematsu have to starve. To that end, each inn and each village said that they should prepare rice for enclosure and prepare for emergencies. Recognize the name of each person between the ages of 16 and 60, and fill in that fact for the sick and disabled, and professions such as carpenter, 杣, and kobiki. I filled in the information and told him to send it to Fukushima as soon as possible. The crackdown has become so detailed and noisy that it is said that the number of guns in the villages should be reported to the size of the ball of the hunter's cylinder.
Six
Even at the Dochu Bugyosho in the Edo area, the petition for the establishment of Josukego, which was sent from Kiso 11-juku to the president of four or five people, was not so lightly seen. As proof of this, Horaiya Shinshichi, who went out from Magome for that purpose, was kept in Edo, and each inn horse | Tsugitate pattern was investigated. A public servant (an official of the Dochu Bugyosho) has been patrolling Kisoji from the direction of Oku-suji.
Autumn rain has passed many times. Juhei Shoya of Tsumago and Toshiyori Toshiyori, the two of them, came to Magome with a public service from Edo. Inosuke was on a business trip to Kiso-Fukushima, so Hanzo and Kurobei welcomed this party, and eventually, along with Tsumago-juku's Juheiji and others, the next inn in the direction of Mino | Ochiai. I forgot the public service.
"Hanzo-san."
While calling out, Juheiji stepped on the road from Ochiai to Magome together. Tokuemon and Kurobei were in front, and Sakichi was behind. On the way back from the public service, both the Tsumago and Magome inn officials were dressed in hakama and setta. Hanzo's shoulder garment, Kataginu, was on Sakichi's back as a furoshiki wrap.
"By the way, are both Hanzo's friends still in Kyoto?"
"That's right."
"I think that will keep me away."
"Now, I'm worried about that too."
"It's become a noisy world. People can make money even in such a time."
While Juheiji was talking and talking alongside Hanzo, he caught up with Tokuemon and others near the bottom of the slope of Ishiya.
"Mr. Kurobei, you are detailed," said Juheiji, looking at his companion. "Isn't it that a Hida fold merchant came in and bought up Yonmonsen?"
"That's the story. The current market price is six hundred sentences with one car, but you said that you have consulted about one car with four hundred sentences, Kinbei-san's mystery four. I heard that you also sold six literary coins. "
Kutayu shook his big body and answered. At that time, Tokuemon tapped on the shoulder of his companion who had been with him from Tsumago.
"Mr. Juheiji, I think it's a lot of money for four coins. It's a surplus of 27 cars."
"No, I've just talked to Hanzo-san that people can make money even in this age."
"No. I can make money because it's such a time."
Everyone laughed and climbed the slope of Ishiya, which is the entrance to downtown Magome.
Hanzo wants to invite both of Tsumago's guests to his own house and talk about future roads and post stations, and asks not only Magome but also the state of the people and horses in Tsumago. I had a strong heart. Juheiji is Juheiji, and on the occasion of seeing off this public service, his younger sister, Minoru, who had previously applied to Hanzo, came with the desire to take the third boy to Tsumago and raise him. Hanzo had already thought that when he had just glanced at his brother-in-law's face, he had come to Tsumago-juku for the sake of his family, who had no children yet.
"Well, Mr. Tokuemon, please go up."
The people flew out from the back of the main team to the end 《Hana》. It was rare for her not only to see her brother but also to welcome Tokuemon, who is familiar with Tsumago, to her house.
"Hatena. I'd like to see Aya's grandfather for the first time in a while, so why don't you come to the retreat?"
So Hanzo said, he guided the guests of Tsumago to the back second floor with his feet.
Soon, in the retreat of Yoshizaemon | Room "Baya", I heard the voice of an old couple saying, "Everyone, take a hakama."
"How about your father, how are you? After that, how are you?" Asks Juheiji.
"No, thank you. Mysteriously, I'm heading towards a more pleasant one. It's a waste to retire in this way," said Yoshizaemon.
At that time, the Tokugawa government's throwing out of a serious policy such as the change of participation did not only support the momentum of the division of the feudal lords. It's not Yoshizaemon's statement, but I had no idea how far the impact of the institutional reform would be. At that time, the influence of the Kisoji Highway, which could be called the main artery of transportation, was infiltrating seriously day by day.
The survey of each inn where the public officials of Edo saw a business trip soon became a hot topic for everyone. There are things like Yoshizaemon who have already retired from the inn, things like Tokuemon who are about to give up to young people, and things like Hanzo and Juheiji who are still inexperienced. And gathered.
"I've been saying that for a long time, but Sukego is a big problem," said Yoshizaemon. "Well, from the perspective of an old man like me, the post station and Sukego weren't originally related to money. There was nothing to do as a contractor for humans. Sukego is going to play a role. There was no mystery of change of worship, and it would have been up to the wives and young people of the daimyo to return to Japan. I think that the spirit of servitude will inevitably fade. "
Since he retired, this Yoshizaemon, who has been talking about everything, has not diminished his heart to watch the fate of the highway in the shadow. Tokuemon took over the story and
"Mr. Yoshizaemon, of course, that's also the case. However, as a result of the change, when the maid of the Edo mansion returns, she will be hired as a relative rent only for that passage. Since I was allowed to make money, my legs have become sick since then. "
"That's the problem," says Juheiji.
"Wait. Well, when Sukego comes to the wholesale store and sees it, there may be various complaints. When it comes to subsidizing the inn, we have to share it with everyone. That's what it is, "adds Yoshizaemon again.
"However, Mr. Yoshizaemon," said Tokuemon. "Let's go up by passing, let's go up. The horseman" Tenmayaku "will tell you to increase your salary. You can't do anything at the wholesale store. From Sukego, the inn's I'm angry that there is no way to eat or not eat only the existing peasants who come to support the Tenma, who live on the highway and feed their wives and children anyway. Some people say that it is unfair to touch a village if it is allowed to rest due to exhaustion and not to a village. The old and new villages alone can play a role. The feelings of coming out to work are different. It's generally said that Sukego isn't attending, but when you dig into it, you'll see various things depending on the village. It's like there may be. "
At that time, Hanzo asked his stepmother, Mist, to call Kiyosuke from the main building, Mist, and ordered the letter from the town. I took it out and showed it in front of everyone. At that time, various colors were only getting higher, and it was said that it was not easy for those who played the role of human horses to live. To do this, I would like to see more salaries for horses, walkers, and Shichiri (hikyaku). Denma Ichi | Hibiki "Piki" 6 cars, fixed walking role "Johokouyaku" 1 car 2 minutes, summer 7 ri role 1 car 2 minutes, winter 7 ri role 1 car 3 minutes.
"I'm in trouble because of this," said Tokuemon. "When the inn's tenma role asks you to increase your salary, even Sukego will not shut up."
"Hanzo-san, what's your opinion?" Asks Juheiji.
Hanzo said, "That's right." "I definitely want to leave Sadasuke-go. I think it's better than the current situation. However, as my own hope, I sometimes think about it separately. "
"Tell me about it."
"I don't want to be laughed at because I have many dreams."
"That's not true."
"Well, if you talk about it, for example, it's a public teapot, Ochatsubo, or Nikko-Reiheishi. I would like to change the system in which the role is unpaid and inherits it. Because it imposes such an obligation, the role of the horseman will be selfish. Something like pushing you into your hometown. In other words, my dream is to eliminate the distinction between the role of a horseman in an inn and the hometown. I want everyone to be a hometown. I want to go to work. "
"Is everyone a hometown? I see, it's a distant story."
"But, Mr. Juheiji, please leave it as it is."
"By the way, that's right. I don't know that it's old, but the time when Mr. Kazumiya passed by was the first period, the abolition of the Sankin-kotai was the first period, and the Sukego gradually changed. You came. "
Anyway, the president of the 11th inn in Edo decided to wait for the result of the petition, and Tokuemon went back to Tsumago before Juheiji.
"I'm glad to see Mr. Yoshizaemon today. Everyone is taking a break after harvesting in Tsumago."
I left the word to the people.
Hanzo sent out Tokuemon and left it, and made a seat in the tatami room of the main building 《Moya》. I waited there for Juheiji coming down from the back second floor.
"It looks like Mr. Juheiji is also talking. If he gets caught by his father, I won't let go."
By the time Hanzo told the people, his sister and daughter, Kume, took his younger brother, Masami, and returned from picking up the chestnuts on the back of Inari. I came. Masami is still very young and does not know that he will be adopted by his wife, Kago Honjin.
"No, no. Will you be a child of Tsumago?"
Sota also flew there and played with his younger brother.
"Sota, you don't say that to your brother's habit," the people told him to lick. "Isn't Tsumago the house where your mother was born?"
In front of the Hanzo couple's eyes, the efforts of the children of their brother 《Kyodai》 began. My brother grabbed my brother's bangs. Masami was about to finally learn the words of others, but he felt that he wasn't very good at it, and he wasn't defeated by his brother even with a little childish play.
"Tonight, let's treat Tsumago's brother's companion, Shoban, with a new soba, Shinsoba. And, as my mother says, this is something. I have to give it to my child. "
"It's a celebration for Tsumago. Isn't it okay to have a fan and dried bonito flakes?"
The couple looked at the children who laughed innocently while avoiding these words. The people did not refuse to talk from Tsumago, but they seemed to be unable to let go of the young ones.
"Master, please come."
A loud call occurred at the front door. Katsushige changed his complexion and flew from the front door to the store room. Hanzo said to his wife, "Hakama, hakama." I hurriedly put on the flat hakama, and tied the string tightly.
"I'm not kidding."
While saying so, Hanzo went out to the front of the main team. In the place where the luggage is piled up in front of the wholesale store, some kind of servant-like traveler catches Eikichi and complains about something. Hanzo immediately read the meaning. He ran towards him and stood in front of a guest holding a wooden sword. The odor of the liquor blown by the customer shook his nose.
The customer put Eikichi on his back and squeezed it
"Fast. It's slow to put out human legs."
I was glaring. At that time, the customer was trying to hit Eikichi with the wooden sword he still had, so Hanzo tried to protect his cousin.
"I am the owner of our inn wholesaler. If there is any inconvenience, I will be beaten."
Hanzo told me to throw myself there.
Kiyosuke, who heard this commotion, ran from the back of the main team, and Kurobei ran on a sloped road from the residence above Ishigaki. When Kurobei, who once pushed a lawless samurai from the table of the wholesale store, came there and interrupted, the customer pulled in the wooden sword before he knew it, even if he saw a large physique with a great power.
"Mr. Hanzo, there are probably customers in the main team. Leave it to me. Do that."
Hearing this Kurobei's voice, Hanzo turned back to the main building, Mist, but the odor of the sake sprayed by the customers did not easily leave him. For a while, he stood beside a young camellia tree in a corner of the garden inside the gate.
With that foot, Hanzo turned back to the store room and saw it. I found Juheiji, who was looking at the book mystery on his desk.
"Hanzo-san, what happened?"
"Nothing."
"Did anyone go to the wholesale store?"
"No, you say that the way people are put out is slow. If you come with a samurai who can't tell the difference, it makes the wholesaler cry."
"This verse tries to go by force. It has become a world where you try to win by force."
"Mr. Juheiji, when I wondered what Mr. Katsushige in my family would say, Tokugawa's generation was over. When I heard that, I was scared. Really-that boy. "
The story of the two "two" was interrupted for the children who went there.
"How is it, Masami?" Said Juheiji, calling his child to his side and saying, "Would you like to go to Tsumago with your uncle?"
"go."
"I'm glad I went," laughs Hanzo.
"Which one should my uncle hold and see?"
Saying that, when Juheiji picked up Masami, Sota who was looking by him went to hug him in the same way.
"Uncle, me too."
Even the porridge said that, and I didn't leave until I did the same thing that Juheiji did for his younger brother's children to his sister and daughter.
"Yeah, this is heavy."
Juheiji said so heavy, he put down the small body of his sister and daughter, who he picked up later, on the tatami mat.
"I think Ogura will be a good girl," said Juheiji to Hanzo. "It looks like my grandmother's training, but it's something different. It's okay for you and your spouse to have such a daughter. I'm not really blessed with a family."
At that time, Hanzo looked at the children and said. "Everyone, go to my grandmother. I'm hitting soba noodles in the kitchen, so go see it."
The sun was gradually overshadowed by the shoji screens in the store room facing southeast. At Hanzo's house, Yoshizaemon invited his old friend Kinbei to serve as a drink with new soba noodles, just as a sign of the night before sending the child to Tsumago. There was still a little time left for dinner. In that quietness, Juheiji was sitting alone with Hanzo. A story with Yoshizaemon, who was on the back second floor, was brought up there.
"No, there is something to show to Mr. Juheiji."
Hanzo took out about four volumes of books from the closet of the room << Heya >> and
"This is one of our jobs."
I put it in front of Juheiji. The second of "Old History" | In Edo, the process of carving, printing, bookbinding, etc. was completed, and it was newly completed.
"This is a pretty good book," said Juheiji, who picked it up and said, "This Ueki's memorandum includes many names. Maejima | Masasuke, Katagiri Shunichi, Kitahara | Nobutada, Iwasaki | Nagayo, Hara | Nobuyoshi, Hou, Nakatsugawa Kansai Miyagawa is also one of the founders, isn't it? "
"How is it, Mr. Hirata's book has a clear wooden board and is good to read."
"It's definitely a feature."
"This first | Vagina is funded by a student of Ina, and this time it is funded by a student of Koshu. Eventually, I also consulted with Aya, and this I will help the cost of Ueki. "
"Mr. Hanzo, it seems that Mr. Hirata's writings are now widely read. Your work is good, but my concern is that Mr. Hanzo believes too much in people. You I believe in everything too much. "
"I understand what Mr. Juheiji says, but I think the good thing about Hirata is that he believes in it."
"Do you put faith first?"
"If you take that spirit into account, you won't know what the main residence or Hirata's ancient studies are."
"It may happen, but I feel like you believe too much-whether you're a master or a friend."
"..."
"That guy has to be careful."
"..."
"By the way, what about Hanzo-san, Keizo-san and Kazo-san who are going to Kyoto? I'm surprised to think that Nakatsugawa's house is often left away."
"I think that too."
"Mr. Hanzo also feels like going to Kyoto to see it."
"Now, this section I often dream of my friends in Kyoto. From the point of view of those dreams, my heart may be halfway toward Kyoto."
"My dad is also worried about that. When I was alone with my dad on the back upstairs, I talked about various things. Nothing like my dad. I'm not silent. I can't say this much between Hanzo-san and me. With that in mind, I came down from that second floor. "
"No, without that old man, I'd just leave the house ..."
By the time the maiden announced that she wanted to have a supper, the two did not talk like this anymore. When Hanzo guided Juheiji to the relaxing room, Yoshizaemon gathered from the back second floor, and Kinbei gathered from the upper Fushimiya.
"How about, Juheiji and Kinbei-san will be 67 years old. Two above me. And he's a great master."
"By the way, Mr. Yoshizaemon, when you see you, this section is all about food."
While listening to the lively laughter of these people, Hanzo was next to Juheiji and was on the table. The sake was ordered from the neighboring Fushimiya. The condiments of the mountain-style handmade soba noodles are green onions and tou. A small bird on the plate "Sara". And grated wax mushrooms. Pickled beast. Red radish. Umezu-zuiki, which is the pride of manga, is pickled in umezu.
"Mr. Hanzo, what happened to Masami's adoption?"
Asked by Juheiji. It was the next morning when I stayed in Magome overnight.
"Isn't it okay to do that later?" Hanzo replied. "Well, take me without saying anything."
The people and the people came there and were together. Oman looks at Juheiji,
"Masami is that, I'll eat anything anymore. I'm in trouble because I want to eat something like vinegar stalk. As the grandmother in Tsumago knows well, you shouldn't wear too much. Anything. I've always said that children grow up cold and vinegar. "
"My brother, Masami will not get used to it for the time being, so I'll give you a bonus," the people added.
Otake is the name of a woman who saw her troubles like a nanny "Uba". It was customary for this family to raise each child with something to take care of, whether it was Kume or Sota.
A man has already arrived from Tsumago. The day has come to celebrate the beginning of a young child in the hearth of Magome Waki-Honjin. The people wanted to take the porridge and Sota, saying that they would see off to the top of the pass on the back road. At such times, Seisuke wasn't silent.
"Come on, Masami-sama."
Saying that, I put the child going to Tsumago on my back. Seisuke was so low-backed.
Yoshizaemon, Oman, Eikichi, Katsushige, and Sakichi to his two younger daughters gathered outside the gate with Hanzo. Because of the small land, the departure of one small child was rumored throughout the neighborhood. Umeya on the other side of the main camp, a wholesaler on the upper house, a Fushimiya who faced a wholesaler on the highway, and somebody appeared in front of those houses and saw off the one bound for Tsumago. ..
Hanzo stood in front of his father and stepmother and said.
"It's safe to have him grow up at Juheiji-san's house. Masami is also a match."
Eventually, Juheiji and others went away. Hanzo didn't try to enter his house as it was. Take the sloping town down with your feet, turn the corner of Ishiya's hill, and go down to Aramachi about the terrain with multiple layers of slopes. It was. There is a village shrine | Suwa branch shrine in Aramachi. Even after completing the visit to the Ujigami, he still didn't feel like turning back to his house. Selling the raccoon dog plaster mystery at this post is just outside the area. Large dark rocks are protruding from the roadside, and the view of the wide Mino basin is open to the bottom of the valley. Snow once came to the mountain range of Mt. Ena and it melted again. As he walked to the desired point of the steep slope, he wanted to scream with a full-hearted voice.
The various words that Juheiji left behind were still in his heart. He couldn't devour the comfort of his daily life, compared to Juhei, who can make a fool of most things and draw with a bow alone. The night of the approaching Koshinkou, the coldness of the mountain house that will continue for the next five months, the wind and snow that blows even on the wooden roof with stones-like coming to sleep Those feelings of winter spilled over his chest, mixed with all the current ill-manneredness that he couldn't easily get out of, even if he wanted to break it.
However, the more he walked, the more he became like a clear child, and he stepped on the soil of the highway toward the new teahouse on the outskirts of the west inn. There is also a Basho monument built around the 14th year of Tenpo by Kinbei, who chose a location near the highway for travelers passing through Kisoji, saying that it was a memorial service for his late father. At last, he is under a quiet Enoki tree that shows a full view of Tokiwagi, up to Ichirizuka, which is the border between Shinano and Mino. I walked to.
[# Page break]
Chapter 9
One
In the towns of Edo, June of the first year of Genji was celebrated. From Itabashi, which can be said to be the entrance from the direction of Kisoji Highway, pass through the position of Sugamo, Hongo, and Morikawa-juku mystery, and of Ryogoku. There is a three-person Kisoji Shoya in the Hatagoya 11-ya, where the straw shoes of the trip are sewn.
These shoyas were called by the Dochu Bugyo in Edo, and they all came as the president of Kiso 11-juku. Hanzo was also added to that. However, Niekawa Shoya from Kiso's Kamishuku, Fukushima Shoya from Nakasanjuku, and Hanzo from Magome was the president of Shimo Shijuku.
Hanzo came to his hometown in late May, but it was unexpected for him to see Edo again like this. The eleven shops in both countries are already familiar to him. The other two Shoya-Kobee in Fukushima, Heisuke in Niegawa, and Hanzo made it convenient for them to settle down in the Hatagoya for the time being. There is a person from Kiso who is like a retreat of an eleven shop who likes to take care of him.
"It's early. It's been almost ten years since then."
The 11th store's retreat came near Hanzo and said something like Hatagoya's owner, Teshu. This retreat remembered the guests of Kiso who came and stayed there nearly ten years ago. I remember well that Hanzo's previous trip from Edo to Yokosuka was his wife, Tsumago Honjin.
"Well, 11-ya, when we came out before this, it was still before the opening of Yokohama Port."
As I remembered the retreat, "Goodbye, goodbye," "Since then, Professor Kansai Miyagawa has stayed in front of us. Well, my companion is Manya in Nakatsugawa. That was the year when the Yokohama trade began. At that time, did you guide us to the peony shop "Botanya" in Kanagawa from the front? Thank you for your patronage every time. . "
Such a retreat was also very old, but I'm still fine. Compared to the retreat, this inn also has Kami-san, who is as old as her parents. If you think of it as a parent and child, it doesn't seem to be the case, and the age is too different for a couple. That's right, Hanzo also saw his thoughts on his previous trip, but when he came out to Edo next time, he was holding a retired child.
What you see and hear Hanzo recalls the memories of the journey of the past years. That was the third year of Ansei, when Hanzo came up with the idea of ​​getting started with Hirata. It was around the time when he first came to know Hirata | Kanetane, and his son Musuko's Nobutane. At that time, Edo Castle was finally rumored to have a high reputation for trade, and I was shocked to hear that the first British ship had entered the port of Nagasaki. After all, the prestige of the Tokugawa government at that time was still overwhelming the whole country.
For nearly ten years, how did you change the surroundings of Hanzo and even the sight of the road you stepped on next time? When Hanzo left his post and looked at it when he was called by Dochu Bugyo, he was in a hurry from the Fukushima Sekisho area, which sounded like a solid Kiso highway. The riots that frequently occur in various countries have surprised the shogunate, and the crackdown on inn villages has become extremely strict. By the time Hanzo left the country, he was told to focus on finding suspicious things on the road. Not only those who travel alone, but also those who are suspicious wanderers are allowed to rest, and the useless play history such as the haiku master "Haikaishi" and the flower arrangement master "Ikebana" is left behind. If there was "Ikebana", I would stop by the village and hold it down, and if it fits in my hand, it wouldn't hurt to cut it off or kill it with a gun. ..
On the way to Edo, Hanzo remembered his previous trip and stopped by the house of Buntayu, the owner of Oiwake-shuku, with his two companions. I came. In that region, there are directors, and seven villagers take turns to protect the Mikage camp and take self-defense measures to prevent the rampant of thieves and violent people. It's a fuss. About 120 new fences, Sakuyarai, were built in the camp, and half bells, drums, and planks were prepared in the villages as an emergency signal, and guns and bamboo sticks were prepared. It is said that it will be equipped with a sleeve, a six-shaku stick, and a torch mystery. Even if it is in the village, if there is something that wears Nagawakizashi or hides the non-resident "Mushukumono", it will be cracked down, and each villager will gather at the camp on the 5th of every month. To do. The villages that participate in this agreement extend to 74 villages in the direction of Kitasaku and Minamisaku. You can see how a group of non-resident wanderers, who have been cornered by hardships, are walking along the roads around them, imitating ronin and wearing swords. Oiwake and Karuizawa are particularly noisy because they are close to the home of Nagawakizashi. Even so, there is nothing in the Kiso region that is as terrifying as organizing a vigilante for each villager. If you don't do that, it's not that Komae's things can't be safely engaged in the agricultural family business. Even Shoya, who have often been to Edo like Hanzo's companion, say that this is the first time he has been alert. It wasn't the path of Yasuri, where you could step on and come out without helping each other, paying attention to the trivial things.
For the time being, the work of the three people at that time was carried out by Dochu Bugyo at that time. It was to present the mystery of the Tadashi Tsujicho.
Needless to say, the total amount of human horse charges for the past year is calculated in the book. On the day when Hanzo and his colleagues first went to the magistrate's mansion, a swordsman Metsuke came out to the reception, and after being told that he would take care of various things to the magistrate, the three of them this time. He told the intention of the magistrate who called Shoya. He told me that it was the policy of the current Tokugawa Cabinet that the daimyo wanted to revive the change of visit to Edo again. According to Metsuke's mouth, there will be another call from the magistrate, and the cage will be asked about the current situation of Tsugitate in the Kiso region, so Hanzo and others took over. Came. Koubei and Heisuke, both of whom are from Hanzo, are people of different ages and have a lot of experience with the post station, but even with three people, they returned to Hatagoya in Ryogoku. When they came, they talked to each other about the transition of the highway and put a pigeon on the forehead for the future.
The impact of the change in the Sankin-kotai system was deep in Edo. From Edo, which was said to be six minutes for samurai and four minutes for tradesmen, the towns after the families of the great and small names of each country withdrew from each country seemed to be after a big tide. Became.
Hanzo's eyes, who came for the second time and went into the depths of this big city, no longer had Edo Castle. The fire on November 15th, 3rd year of Bunkyu, caused both Honmaru and Nishimaru to catch fire. It's about time I heard that even the Shogun family would move to the Tayasu Palace. Only Nishimaru is under construction for reconstruction, but even that is due to the management of the shogunate government office, not only the 100 and 200 pieces of gold paid by the townspeople of each country, but also the fine gold of 1 red and 2 red. The fact that it is made up of the payments made by the government, as in Hanzo, can be seen in those who have been ordered to take care of the payments even in rural areas. Even the reconstruction of Nishimaru is like this. It is considered difficult to build the main enclosure again. The building that stood up to dominate the Happiakuyacho, shining in the morning sun, and the high white walls with pine greens around it, the distinctive windows. However, the spectacular view of the Shogunate Castle has finally lost its beauty. So to speak, this is a vast castle town. Large and small samurai residences, that is, upper "Kami" mansion, middle "Naka" mansion, lower "Shimo" mansion, royal mansion, hut, 100 people group and other groups of houses, all seem to be centered around the castle. The transformation was brought to this feudal city. The daimyo were allowed to do whatever they wanted, and many of their families left the mansion. Edo, which has lost a large number of consumers rapidly, seems to have been hit by the turmoil of the business world.
However, the abolition of that system is the result of Bunkyu's reform. That was something that was considered early on by the daimyo and scholars of the nations who had an opinion on the reform of the shogunate government by focusing on the trends of the times. After hearing many voices saying that politics should be brighter and fresh air should be poured in, the practice to return to Kyoto will be abolished, and the guard of the Imperial Palace Kyumon appointed by the Shogunate When many traditional red tapes were revised, such as being removed, the shogunate generously threw them out as the eyes of major reforms, which is the old practice of Sankin-kotai. It is said that many of the shogunate's bosses opposed the abandonment of that policy, which was originally important for Mr. Tokugawa, when it was brought out by Matsudaira Yoshinaga of Echizen. However, Yoshinobu Ichihashi took the opinion of the Echizen feudal lord, rejected many objections, and decided to reform. When it comes to reviving that system now, on behalf of the Shogunate at that time, it would be a good idea to trample on the face of Yoshinobu, who is in a senior position under the command of the forbidden "Kinri" guardian governor Setsukai | In the distance, the inside of the Shogunate, which has been suffering from a painful rebellion since the issue of general succession between Kishu and Hitotsubashi, also talked about the whereabouts of the secret.
Even so, the center of politics has already left Edo and is moving toward Kyoto. Whether or not various priests who have forgotten the old prosperity of Oedo can revive the policy once thrown out and recover the tide of the shogunate is like a Hanzo mystery. I was even skeptical about what I looked up from below. At times, the daimyo who went to the country to save unnecessary expenses, strengthen their troops, and protect the coast, took the path to Edo again at the mercy of the Shogunate. I was wondering if that was the case.
The day when the families of various daimyo were released from the Edoyashiki, that was when Hanzo was handed over from his father Yoshizaemon and took up the post of new stationmaster. He is still in the post station of Magome, and he still remembers the urgency to welcome and send the maid of Echizen, the maiden of Owari, the wife of Kishu, and the mystery of the maid. .. Yesterday, the princess of Akita arrived on the pass, and today, the maid of Hizen Shimabara arrived. Such a group of women and children continued on the highway almost every day. The hostages are the people of the mansion who cheered as if the chains of their limbs had been untied from Edo, where they lived in the same way. It was still questionable whether there would be a day when those retirees, wives, young women, and women's mysteries would return to this city again in an attempt to crowd Edo.
For a few days after leaving Edo, Hanzo waited for the day when he was called by Dochu Bugyo with his companion Shoya. The ones of the three people went out to their heart's content. And every time I went back to Hatagoya in Ryogoku, I brought the story of the towns that I saw and heard from each other. I visited the mansion of Mr. Yamamura, the representative of Kiso-Fukushima in Edo, in Higashikatamachi, but Koubei said that the mansion town in that area was also lonely. It is Heisuke who went to the mansion of Oshu Hou, the lord of Kiso, and noticed the "Kashiya" tag in every town. If you walk from Ryogoku to Oyajibashi and walk down the messy streets of Yoshicho, which was considered to be the most prosperous place in Edo at that time, you will reach the shore of that bridge. It is said that the izakaya, which is famous for its stewed potatoes, was crowded with people, and the large mouth-to-mouth inn "Kuchiireyado" on the opposite side of the town was packed with hundreds of people seeking jobs. That's right.
The retreat of the eleven shop was said every time Hanzo and others were welcomed into the inn.
"Even if you go out to the town, please return to both countries by nightfall. It is better not to go out at night as much as possible."
Finally, the day has come for the three Shoya to appear on the paper "Sashigami" from Dochu Bugyo. On the second floor of the 11th store, Hanzo, like his companion, wiped off the kappa of the trip and prepared hemp from the country * [# "Koromohen + Upper", 4th level 2-88 -9] * [# "Koromohen + lower", 4th level 2-88-10] I changed to "Kamishimo".
"Now, it's in front of the magistrate," said Heisuke of Niegawa, with a cautious look, pulling on the sleeves of Hanzo. "Today, I can't speak carelessly. Mr. Hanzo is still young, so I'm worried that he might say something."
"Are you me? I usually want to keep silent, so I can't talk about such extraordinary things."
At that time, Koubei of Fukushima was also tying the string of the hakama, which is typical of Shoya, but it was half |
"Mr. Hanzo is said to be a master of Hirata, so you can pay extra attention to it."
I played with.
"No," said Hanzo. "When I hit the magome, I was told that by my house, but I caught the one called by the president of Kiso 11-juku and asked for imprisonment. I won't say it. "
Both Kobei and Heisuke laughed. All three wanted to do it. I went there.
Dochu Bugyo | Tsuzuki Suruga << Continued >>'s official residence is outside Kandabashi << Kandabashi >>. There was the usual Metsuke, and the three of them were passed through the hall, which was followed by two | rooms. In June of the lunar calendar, the fusuma sliding doors and shoji screens were also removed. The magistrate was in front of him, and the officials on the way down the road were waiting for him, and the Metsuke was arranging various mediations between them. Jinbo Sado, who became one of the new ministers along the way, also came in and took a seat.
[# 17 characters up from the ground] Owari territory
[# Raise 8 characters from the ground] Tosan-do Niekawa-juku, outside << others >>
[# Raise 14 characters from the ground] Director of the union lodging
[# 13 characters up from the ground] Right Niekawa-juku Shoya
[# Raise 7 characters from the ground] Heisuke Toyama
[# 14 characters up from the ground] Fukushima Yado Shoya
[# Raise 7 characters from the ground] Koubei Tsutsumi
[# Raise 10 characters from the ground] Magome-juku Shoya Honjin wholesaler
[# Raise 7 characters from the ground] Hanzo Aoyama
Metsuke Metsuke reads it out as if to introduce the three shoyas to the magistrate. Heisuke, Koubei, and Hanzo put the folding fan in front of them, and each time their names were read, they lightly put their hands on the tatami mats and greeted them in order.
Suruga Tsuzuki was once a magistrate, and Sado Jimbo was a person with a history of reviewing Ometsuke. Don't be like the officials below. To the extent that he does not lose his dignity as a magistrate, he laughs as well as saying crushed things. As you may have already heard from the three shoyas from the Metsuke, the shogunate has the intention to revive the change of worship that had been abolished since the second year of Bunkyu. The inns along the road can be difficult to hear, and Kiso is also a difficult place for various daimyo to pass, so I would like to use it as a reference for the magistrate's office after understanding the local circumstances. It was the intention of the magistrate to file a complaint about the current situation.
Heisuke was careful not to give too much detail to the press conference on that day, and Heisuke was summed up because of the influence of the frequent traffic of various daimyo officials after the arrival of the foreign ship on the road. As the Miya-sama "Kazunomiya-sama" passed, and the return of various daimyo families, he stated that the number of horses was gradually increasing, and the exhaustion of the post station and the difficulty of replenishing regular horses were also mentioned. He said that the non-participation of the human horses in the Sukego working village and the helping village was also the result of excessive recruitment of human horses.
"I'm afraid. From March to July last year, there were a lot of people passing by on the Kiso Kaido for the return of the Kubo-sama. Every day, the succession wasn't perfect, and I was worried about it, and the one from Kiso 11-juku went to our office to plead for Josukego. It seems that four wholesalers, one senior citizen, and five people have come out as the president. That section, Sadasukego is unforgivable, and for the time being from February to six months this year. I heard that I would like to ask for help, and those five people have returned to the village. The deadline is running out, and I have to take care of that area again. I was worried that it would be difficult to succeed. "
"I'm thinking about making such an order, and we're actually in discussions," said Suruga Tsuzuki.
At that time, Koubei also alleged that it was time to improve the organization of Sukego near the Kiso region from another standpoint. According to him, in addition to what has traditionally been useful for the public clan as a section, what should be seen in the private transportation business is being pursued and developed. Ina's Nakama, Kiso's cow, Anko horse (pack animal), and Unsuke's work mystery. Of course, the ones in Kisoji are not so much as to take other than cows, but when he came with Nakama in Ina, he started a lot of activities to transport supplies by land, from Matsumoto to Mikawa, Owari to the end. The highways and Koshu highways are where the middle horses go back and forth, and there are many migrant workers on the Kiso highways. The number of villages is more than 160, and the largest number is 145 | Hiki, and the smallest village has 10 horses. At this time, if there were no facilities in Sadasuke-go, no way to give preferential treatment to them, and no clearer position of the peasant who would respond to the duties, he would be overwhelmed by a good private job. It will produce more and more villages that have not attended the hometown. It was Shoya's opinion in Fukushima that if there was an intention to revive the change of visits to the public side, the circumstances in that area should be taken into consideration for the time being.
"No, I get various orders," said Suruga Tsuzuki. "The second round trip to the Shogun was called to the warship. It was due to the mercy of the people for many years of exhaustion. Whether you call a daimyo to Edo or restore the old style of Sankin-kotai, there is a private opinion to lend a warship to those who wish. This time, it won't be that much of a mess in the post station. "
"The president of Kiso Shimojuku is also refraining from this," said Metsuke Kiso, taking the words of the magistrate. "The new seven of the senior citizens who came out last year will be heard like Hanzo and the same inn, which are reserved for this."
"All three of us often came out of busy places. How about, Hanzo, let's hear his opinion."
Not only such Tsuzuki Suruga, but also the newcomer and humble Jimbo Sado's Hitomi, was enthusiastic about Hanzo. Hanzo, who had been sitting by the two Shoya until then, came around in the order in which he should say something.
"Goodbye," he replied. "In recent years, the authority of various families has become stronger, and we are now able to give power to the people in everything. As you know, all of Kiso's Shimo-Shijuku are small stations. Only 25 people and 25 people have been handed over to the designated horses. From around the Ochiai camp of Mino, there are many horses from the hometown at one time. If there is a succession of the inn, that is not possible even with the inn "Shukugata". First of all, if you want to enter a large number of people, you will have to pay off the horses that are in the inn, and the rest Please wait until the horses return. Also, depending on the time, please stay at the inn. This was the case, but in recent years, various families have been listening to such wishes. No matter what, you can be strict about how to take over the train, so I will hire horses from nearby villages and forcibly take over. It has been accumulated year by year. If you say that it is the basis of the poverty of the accommodation, I think that the authority of the households has become too high. Without that, the work on the highway can be carried more comfortably. It should be. "
"I see, that might be the case," said Suruga Tsuzuki, turning his knees toward the lined up Jimbo Sado and saying, "Why don't you play the same role? Please give me the details in writing. I would like to. "
"I agree with you," Sado Jimbo replied, fluttering around his chest with the fan he had in his hand.
Along the way ｜ Folding fans steadily moved among the officials who hung down. At that time, Metsuke, who was a magistrate, said that if he had finished censoring the Jinbatatetsujicho, which was presented by the Shoya side, he would eventually swear to three people. .. In addition, from March to July of the passing year of the pig, the journal entry book of the man and horse wages given by the officials and the companion of the shogun's return is a book. I urgently ordered it from the country and told him to give it to me.
The details should be written and presented later by the Shoya side. With such a promise, Hanzo and his colleagues left the magistrate's mansion outside Kandabashi. Waiting for the day when the new construction of the Edo Castle Nishimaru is completed, you can see that the shaved tea-boy mystery passes through the town for business. Even those tea-boys who work as waiters in the castle throw away the haori of the crepe that they were proud to receive from the daimyo, throw away the short wakizashi, and throw away the long wakizashi. You can see that the world has become martial arts-oriented just by walking while sneaking into your waist. The riddle of a swordsman who has been summoned to the shogunate and has a wide range is very popular in Edo. At that time, the outbreak among the Gokenin Hatamoto was said to be the lacquer crest on the haori of the yellow-white Kijiro-colored Kibira. Once upon a time, Ieyasu used it for the Battle of Sekigahara, and Mito's retreat was also used regularly during his lifetime.
On the way home from both countries, Heisuke looked after his companion,
"Mr. Hanzo, you're the kind of person who sometimes stops and stares at you."
"Look, there are small Miyamoto Musashi" Miyamoto Musashi "and Araki Mataemon" Araki Mataemon "."
"In Edo, even children are imitating warrior training. I wonder if the popularity of the general public has become like this."
Such Heisuke walked really slowly and slowly.
It was a windy day, and Hanzo and his colleagues were exposed to terrible sand dust several times before reaching the bank of Yanagiwara. It was still good because it was a tailwind on the way back, but it was irresistible because it was a headwind on the way back. Between the willows on the bank, there are lots of sand, from stalls that line up old clothes, old socks, old socks, old momohiki, and other types of tagui, to shops for fortune-tellers who are waiting for customers. Someone who can't even open his eyes is coming from the other side. Each time, Hanzo and his colleagues closed their mouths, turned away, and waited for the deep dust to pass by. Dust flying up on a dry road makes the sky of the town muddy and yellow.
After returning to Hatagoya in Ryogoku, the three of them were on the second floor * [# "Koromohen + upper", 4th level 2-88-9] * [# "Koromohen + lower", 4th Level 2-88-10] We sewed "Kamishimo" and left an inro "on the waist" between the floors to talk about the day with each other.
"Anyway, I will report today's pattern to the country."
"Let's say that to Fukushima immediately."
"I also have to write a letter to Magome and get the journal urgently."
Like many Edo travelers' inns, there is no bathroom in the 11th store. Hanzo and his colleagues went to the public bath in the town to wash their sweaty bodies, but by the time they came home with their towels on their shoulders, the wind had calmed down. The time has come for the water struck on the front of the houses to be like a city town. At 11ya, dinner was also served in the kitchen. Normally, all passengers gathered in the kitchen and ate.
After the meal, when Hanzo and others were relaxing on the second floor, the retreat of a talkative eleven shop who said that the customers in the same town were nostalgic came to talk there. From the old-fashioned lantern "Andon" that the maid left in the corner of the room "Haya", it seems to be a stubborn Hatagoya.
"No matter what you say [#" No matter what you say "is" No matter what you say "], Edo is Edo, isn't it? It is Heisuke to say. "Today, I heard the voice of selling mosquito nets in the town of Yashiki."
"Well, I will call you mosquito nets and mosquito nets with a good voice. You can see that Ichimachi is also calling from the beginning. It is said that it is Echigomono, but it is one of the Edo specialties. Yes. When I hear that voice, the mystery in the foreground often reminds me of the time when I first came to Edo from Kiso, "says Retirement.
Kobei also pulled in a cigarette basin with a handbag, and took a sip of it while sucking on the story. "Juichiya-san, Edo seems to be in a recession."
"No, you, no matter what the recession is," he said, "I think the mansion is exactly like that. Yesterday, I saw the joinery shop's grandfather, and from every mansion. I haven't got a job, and my grandfather's mystery has been a play since the end of last year, and I was spilling it out. What is your son, Musuko, doing? Well, if you say this, it's a popular swordsmanship at the time because there is nothing to do. When I listen to it gradually, there is a little fire in Edo, so I can breathe, I can get to work. Did you say that? If you look at that kind of craftsman, that might be honest. "
"Is there a fire, can you breathe? Edo is wide," Heisuke smolders.
"No, without a skewer talk. The fire is the flower of Edo-who said that. However, no one in Edo is as scared of the fire as this section. There is a fire even in the summer, so everyone is careful. Arson, arson-What about that rumor? When it gets harder, I can do it. You say that you lie downside down, pass it from eaves to eaves, and bother to call a fire. "
"Well, this is terrible for Kubo-sama's knees," said Koubei. "I came out and saw it next time, and I thought so. If I look at this Edo every day, I think it's no wonder that I want to restore the Sankin-kotai."
Kobei and Hanzo had quite different Shoya temperaments. Curiously, travel makes us forget about age differences and positions. Hanzo listened to everyone's stories, tending to be silent, while being invited to travel by the scary yukata of glue, which was lent by Mr. Kami of the inn.
"It's a world where you can't be alert," continued the retreat. "The big store, Odana, is a big store, and it seems like it's a refrain from purchasing. Let's worry about robbery at night. Well, I'm not sure in the foreground, but it's up to you to return to Japan, whether it's the mansion's retreat, young people, or the daytime "Gorenchu". Some people have a grudge against Yoshinobu who made the reforms. That pig uniform "Butaichisama" (another name of Hitotsubashi who tasted pork), or the one who doesn't know anything is half a slapstick. Anyway, Yoshinobu's reputation is not good in Edo ... "
The story of Edo was endless.
That night, Hanzo took a long time to write a letter to Hatagoya's lantern, Andon, to his hometown, Fushimiya Inosuke. In the towns, it was forbidden to go out without a nightlight, and Kido Kido was closed tightly. The police also became strict, and a graduate who had been in Edo City since April of that year came around from the tunsho, wearing the sign of the group on his waist. From the point of view of those who live in the town like the retreat of an eleven shop, it's a really toothy patrol.
Two
Hatagoya in Edo is like a public inn "Kujiyado" or a merchant inn, and unlike the Kyosaka region, there are few houses that have done their best to charge for accommodation for both silver and four. The idea is to stay in this city for public business, so there is no bathroom in the house, and all the dining rooms are served in the kitchen, so everything is really simple. However, the rent is different from when Hanzo came and stayed there ten years ago. You can't stay at about 250 sentences without lunch.
Shortly after understanding the intention of Dochu Bugyo, Hanzo decided to leave the eleven shops in both countries. Leaving the two shoyas of the bank there, I moved to Honjo Aioicho, the main office. Because I was taken care of by a doctor of the same family as Hirata who lives in the same place, and I was constantly advised to have him put it on the second floor of the house that he was friendly to.
The house in Aioi-cho, where Hanzo moved, is not far from the 11th store. It is located east of Ekoin Temple, near the first bridge. A family of three parents and children lives there. The owner, Takichi, is a person who goes to the rice wholesaler in Fukagawa to make a book, and Sekitori, a famous sumo wrestler, is nearby. It was a town where Tori also lived. Immediately, Heisuke crossed the Ryogoku Bridge from the place where the eleven shop was located and visited Hanzo at that house.
"You found a good house."
Heisuke said after going upstairs with Hanzo. The room on the second floor is said to be hot in the summer, but it is more airy than I expected. There is also a window to the west. For a while the two talked about that.
"Sometimes, Mr. Hanzo," said Heisuke. "It's been a long job at the government office. Last year, when the president came out of Kiso [#" Kiso "is" Kiso "in the bottom line], that was the end of April. It took until the New Year of this year. This time I saw it as long. "
"It's quite frequent that the Dochu Bugyos change these days," Hanzo replies. "It takes a year or two to get rid of me when I get to know the local circumstances. That doesn't mean I can't get the job of the government office."
"By the way, Mr. Hanzo, there is a great story in Edo. I heard from the people in Yamamura-sama's mansion that Kanagawa Bugyo's Kumigashira was caught. Why did you, this is not abandoned. He says that he is the head of Kanagawa Bugyo, so he must be a person with a lot of status. He has a relative in Choshu, and he wrote a letter. Look at the thought "main". It's a normal letter because it's about to be sent to relatives, but it seems that it suddenly got into the hands of the detective "Tantei". It was written that Akira-kun, the wise minister, would like to get rid of it somehow. When the officials of the shogunate saw it, the world was noisy. It's a disdain for Bosama, and if you want Akira to appear in addition to the officials, it's a so-called rebel, Muhonnin, and the Kumigashira immediately I was arrested in the castle. It's a difficult story, isn't it? Then, at the same time as the Kumigashira was caught, he was searched for a house, and he was in Denmacho as it was. He was imprisoned in "Machi". After a scrutiny of nothing, Kumigashira was asked to be hungry in prison. The story was told in the mansion of "Higashikatamachi" in Higashikatamachi. Everyone was surprised when they came out. There was a person in the mansion who knew the dwarf's eyes that went to Kumigashira's inspection, and he said that he was really sorry to go to the inspection. Later, the dwarf Kumigashira said that. When I heard that story, I was afraid that I was in Edo. Thus, I stayed at the expense of the inn and ate the food of Hatagoya. I don't mind if I'm wearing it. "
As Heisuke said, the long travel meal 《Ryoshoku》 was painful even if it was half-stored. However, after being censored by the books submitted to Dochu Bugyo, it was not enough to just escalate the local circumstances as asked. Taking this opportunity to leave Edo, I once again brought up a petition for the establishment of Josukego, and if I didn't keep up with the agreement of Kiso 11-juku, whether it was Heisuke or Hanzo I didn't go back to the country.
The previous year, when the five presidents came out of Kiso, why wasn't the plea of ​​the party the place where the Dochu Bugyo was accepted? The reason is that it is difficult to easily ask for Sadasuke-go unless you often put up a village pattern "Muragara". However, even though the plea from the five presidents seems to be inevitable, Dochu Bugyo allowed him to help him for the time being instead of Sadasuke for the next six months from February of the first year of the Genji era. And for the time being, Ina 119 villages for Kiso Shimo 4 inns, Ina 99 villages for Nakasan inns, and Chikuma district 89 villages for Kamishuku inns. Azumi-gun "Azumi Goori" 144 villages were designated. Of these, even if it reaches the settlement of Tsubasa Yonaga, who will offer a Masato horse in Tomura, he will not touch more than the ratio of five gold per one year old 100 stones. It was a promise. According to the experience of Hanzo et al. For nearly half a year, the surprising expansion of the number of villages in this new village for the time being has resulted in more people and horses not attending the villages where they have been working. .. This is limited to the establishment of Sadasuke-go, following the example of Tokaido, as the president of the previous year pleaded. If you are sincere in the service along the way, you want to have an appropriate village pattern, and you want to have a more complete hometown system to prevent the road from being confused. If the wishes of this Kiso 11-juku cannot be fulfilled, as the president of the previous year agreed, we will not accept the stipulated human horses 25 people 25 | , I want to wait for the next day to take over the rest. Heisuke and Hanzo made an agreement on that.
Time is also time. There was already a Yamato Gojo turbulence in the west, followed by an Ikuno Silver Mine turbulence, and when I thought that it had finally stopped, this time Tsukuba-san in the east. There was a third fire that couldn't wait for a new era to come. Some Mito scholars, who are flagging Sonnojoi, have secretly contacted Choshu and have been rebelling since April, but it is still time for the turmoil. ..
Hanzo left the house of Aioicho together while sending Heisuke to go back to both countries. Having traveled inconveniently, Hanzo was worried about the letters he received from his hometown. I walked to 11-ya with Heisuke and went out with the intention of asking him to retire.
"Mr. Heisuke, you can see Tsukuba."
Hanzo said when he walked to the top of the long Ryogoku Bridge.
"Is that Tsukuba?"
Heisuke also stopped talking as he said. There was no talk about how noisy Mito was, or how the riddles of the Edo-style clan and the Tokugawa clan would cross this bridge hoping for Tsukuba. However, Heisuke had no choice but to share his worries about traveling with Hanzo from the old-fashioned Shoya temperament.
At that time, Hanzo was also a girl with two people who came back from the other side across the bridge. One of them is the daughter of a house in Aioi-cho. It seems that it is also the return from the master of Kiyomoto, and both of them cross the bridge with the rehearsal book Keikobon in Kowaki. These are the little girls around the age that remind us of the porridge that Hanzo left behind in his hometown of Magome's house.
"Mr. Hanzo, do you have such a child in Aioi-cho?"
A girl approached the place where Heisuke said, bowed to Hanzo and passed by. The back is also pretty. From the shape of the hair tied like a boy, I put on a refreshing yukata "Yukata" with a narrow band of chintz "Sarasa" and showed the string "string" of Asagi hanging down behind. Until then, I don't look like a girl. Although she is a little girl, she is dressed as a boy. The strange customs are rather sloppy.
"Hey, is that a girl? I just thought I was a boy," laughs Heisuke.
"Maybe. It seems that the parents intentionally dressed such a boy because of some kind of wish."
While answering so, Hanzo's eyes followed the backs of the little girls who were still walking. One girl, who goes side by side with her, has her hair turned into a cigarette tray, a swirl yukata, and a red deer child. The narrowing of the obi also shows the taste of the parents. The purse "Kinchaku" is also cute.
"The children who grow up in the city are different."
Hanzo said that and saw it off with Heisuke.
The 11th store's retreat was at the storefront. Inside the lattice door, the hanging lantern "Andon", which is typical of Hatagoya, was replaced. Looking at Hanzo, who had an errand to ask for, that was not enough. Every year on May 28th, it is an example of the opening of the Asakusa River, but the fireworks of that year show that neither the retreat of the mansion that goes in and out on a daily basis nor the young people could be welcomed. Is this retreat. What will happen to the many houseboats that connect Yanagibashi in Edo, where the water god Suijin is in the distance and the pine tree of the success is near, and Ryogoku is the starting point for sightseeing? This person is also the one who says "Let's go". Inquiring about the heyday of the samurai family, who floated large boats named Kawaichimaru, Kantomaru, 11mamaru, etc. on the water and set up a shoji screen on the bow to play a magnificent boat. Even if you don't put it out, when there were many daimyo hatamoto who surrounded both sides of the boathouse with shoji and came to the Asakusa River to avoid the heat, the shadow of the lantern flowing in the water was like a city bird of fire. It is this talkative person who shows me that.
"Mr. Hanzo, please talk to me."
Heisuke wasn't going upstairs either, and he was trying to spend some time traveling with Hanzo at the storefront. At that time, as I remembered, the retreat
"Mr. Aoyama, what happened to Professor Miyagawa from that point on? That teacher must have been profitable in the beach trade. With the people of the territory on the horse, I stood up in Edo from the front when I returned to Nakatsugawa. "
Hanzo couldn't answer this either. He didn't want to talk about his unforgettable old teacher in a nutshell with a temporary ups and downs. However, it was only rumored that the old teacher was about to leave Nakatsugawa and send his later years to Ise.
Heisuke says, "Speaking of Yokohama trade, there are people who have been haunted by that." "Isn't it such a story that some merchants around Nakatsugawa were called to Ota's Jinya and asked to close the gate by the Owari clan? It's moxibustion. It's because it's too much money."
"What happened to Manya-san," says Retirement.
Hanzou said, "Are you Manya?" And said, "That person won't linger. When I see that the market price of raw silk" Kiito "will drop in Yokohama's business, I immediately give up and this time in Kyoto. I'm paying attention to him. Now, I'm sure he's sending more and more raw silk to the upper part of "Kamigata". "
"I can't match the merchant of Mino. There are some brave people around Nakatsugawa," says Heisuke.
"I remembered it with Professor Miyagawa," said Retirement. "I once visited the peony shop" Botanya "in Kanagawa with a person named Mizumi Kitamura in the foreground. You may not know Mr. Aoyama. No, but this Kitamura-sensei is coming again as a strange thing. Formerly a doctor at Okuzume in the Shogunate, he went to Hakodate at the time of the opening of the port and worked for a long time. Soon after being picked up by a doctor, he was the head of the Hakodate magistrate. Now, he has returned to Edo and has been promoted to Metsuke (inspection) from the head of Shohei school. Diplomacy | I'm working as a Kumigashira, but if I go in that condition, I'm probably a foreign magistrate. There is also a messed up person. "
"Isn't there nobody in the Tokugawa Shogunate?"
Hanzo was just struck by the humorous tone of Heisuke, the laughter of his retreat, the foreign trade, the result of the opening of the port, and the ups and downs of many people that led to it. ..
From that day, Hanzo began to want Mt. Tsukuba to return to Ryogoku Bridge. The fact that the sky in the plains of the Kanto region was somehow covered with war dust was afraid that it would captivate the officials, delay the office work of the government office, and therefore prolong their stay in Edo. .. Occasionally, I stood on a long bridge from the ninety-sixth ken, and while leaning against the wooden balustrade, I saw a distant mountain that glowed blue in the direction of Ushitora. No matter how hot it is, there is a breeze when you get there. The Sumida River in his eyes was something he couldn't think of apart from the fate of Edo. Not only the position of the Okra, where you can see how much rice is stored and how much the Gokenin Hatamoto is to feed, but also most of the land of shape on both banks is a samurai family. It is occupied by the lower mansion. Perhaps the Hundred Pile is one of the works to prevent the riverbanks and bridges from flooding the river, but Okawabashi (now Azumabashi) The water of the Sumida River coming from "Bashi") goes under the bridge of both countries, showing the steepest water force on the side of the 100 piles, as if telling the history of 200 decades. It was swirling around.
It is not unreasonable that the three Shoyas brought up their petition on the occasion of their next departure from Edo. The early story is that the abolition of the Sankin-kotai system was not only forced from above, but also from below. Even if the revival of the system was considered to be an urgent task of the Bakufu, both to recover the bakufu's trend and to save Edo from this serious recession, the red tape If "Hanbunjokurei" remained old, it would have been the local people who suffered from it.
However, during the discussions of Dochu Bugyo, it was not easy to make a wish from the Shoya side. Hanzo and his colleagues waited until the festival of Sannosha in the towns of Edo, and over the moon, the shogun joined Tensho-in and Kazunomiya-sama for new civil engineering. I waited until the time when I moved from the Tayasu Goten to the completed Edo Castle Nishimaru.
While waiting until around the 20th of July, it happened that the trip of Hanzo and others became more difficult.
"It seems that Choshu is finally a rebellion."
The rumor came to be transmitted from person's mouth to mouth. The fast-riding Kago rushed to the town every day | Ikutate, informed that it was difficult for Kyoto, and moved from the Ozutsu gun at noon on the 19th. Most of the townhouses in Rakuchu were even rumored to have been burned down by the fire. Hanzo went to 11-ya and joined Kobei and Heisuke, and even with three people, I walked through the murderous towns from Mitsuke in Asakusabashi to Mitsuke in the brace. It was on the 23rd, but there was already a touch of Choshu expedition in the crowded Kosatsuba.
July 29th is exactly the day before the 210th. Hanzo, along with the other two Shoya, wants to confirm the facts of Kyoto more, and Mr. Yamamura of Kiso-Fukushima visits the people in the mansion of Higashikatamachi. I was jealous. There was a person who was asked to listen to the turmoil in Kyoto, and the night before that, he suddenly left the mansion. I found out the truth about the Kyoto battle by going to the mansion. It was also found that a certain document had arrived there from Nagoya's absence, and that the Choshu domain was defeated.
At that time, not only was the order to conquer Choshu issued, but Matsudaira Daizen Tayu and Nagato Mamoru were stripped of their official positions, and the shogunate. The Matsudaira surname and the shogunate given by him | The transportation of goods to both Chobo was already strictly prohibited through various highways.
One morning, when it seems to be the seven o'clock of Akatsuki. Hanzo woke up to the second floor of the house in Aioi-cho, Honjo, and heard the sound of a half-bell on a pillow. Thinking it was a fire, he got up. First of all, when I look at the shutters on the second floor, I can't see anything that looks like smoke. In the meantime, it was Tayoshi, the owner of the house, who climbed the ladder step from the bottom with his sleepwear "Nemaki".
"Where is the fire?"
Hanzo climbed the clothesline from the second floor with the owner. The roofs of the houses can be seen from there. Some houses with a fire lookout tower in the vicinity climb on high roofs to find out in the sky of the town where the fire looks out.
"Mr. Aoyama, the table is noisy."
Takichi, who calls from below, also makes a voice of Mr. Kami. Hanzo and the host heard it and went downstairs to see it.
Many people ran in the direction of Ryogoku Bridge. When Hanzo and his colleagues hurried to the shore of the bridge and saw it, a group of Tobi people from the direction of the main office was wearing a cat hood on the half-heaven of Sashiko. He was carrying a tobiguchi in his hand and screaming in high insteps. After the group's matoi moved, a ladder for fire fighting followed. The fire of the leather haori "Kawabaori" and the helmet hood "Kabutozukin" | The people who wore the costumes passed by Hanzo and others with their feet.
The destruction of the Choshu mansion has begun. The shogunate has taken steps against things that are against it. Firefighters from all over Edo were gathered, and the upper mansion of the Mori family in Hibiya was destroyed. In the Choshu domain, in anticipation of this happening, or because of the meaning of abandoning Edo, the families of various daimyo were released from the Edo mansion last year, and a national order was issued. In addition, at the upper mansion in Choshu in Hibiya, the main halls of Omoteoku were removed, so only the tenement houses on all sides were destroyed. There were still 20 dozos in the middle mansion of Azabu Ryudocho, and the hinoki cypress mansion of Choshu, and there were still vast buildings. The demolition also began there. The large pillars were cut with a saw or an ax, and the rope was crushed with a shachihoko. Tools and books were burned down on Etchujima, and all the items with the Mori family's crest "Jomon" were smeared.
Eventually, a rare flight from my friend Keizo in Kyoto came to reach Hanzo at Ryogoku | Yonezawacho 11-ya. It was when that older friend was so aware of his safety. He received it from the eleven shop and opened it upstairs in Aioi-cho.
For the time being, he read the letter, and that friend was safe, his teacher | Iron Seed was safe, and among the people of the Hirata family in Kyoto, those in the direction of Shimogyo were burned out. Fortunately, I confirmed that they were all safe. In addition, he read and saw it repeatedly.
As usual, Keizo's letter is fine. In the political change on August 17th of the passing year, the Choshu clan, who has a connection with the lords of the royal family and the priests of the revered sect, is in Kyoto. Given that he was forced to retreat, it is no wonder that this happened today, and he has reported his news around July 19th.
The Ikedaya incident was early dawn on June 5th. The guardian, Shoshidai, and Shinsengumi soldiers captured more than 20 priests of the various clan who gathered there. Restoring the power of the revered sect to Kyoto, overturning the headquarters of the Kobu Gattai sect supported by Aizu and Satsuma, and relying on Mt. Tsukuba. Those various plans that tried to raise things in response to the eastern and western affairs with the sect of Mito's scholars were discovered by the capture of Omijin, one of the ruling parties. I arrived. After this event, the Choshu domain should no longer hesitate, and moved to the action of raising troops to Tokyo, which had been prepared for some time, and the shogunate who detected it finally began to watch out for Fushimi and Otsu. It was. Guardian Matsudaira ｜ Along with Katamori's swanky Sandai, when Katamori was firmly struck, there was a tumultuous thing in Rakuchu. On July 18th, a notice was sent to Kyoto that the advance of the Choshu domain from the three roads had already begun. On the nineteenth day after dawn, Kagezo heard a gunshot in the direction of the west clam gate "Hamaguri-gomon" and the neutral sales gate "Nakadachiuri-gomon", and eventually Rakuchu from the vicinity of Muromachi "Muromachi". It is said that he was in the box of the fire that spread to.
It is a fact that it is not possible to overlook the fact that there were a few feudal clan who had no rebellion in the Choshu clan, and those who watched the upcoming events in Kyoto carefully, and Dogami also said this plan. There are Arisugawa-no-miya, Arisugawa-no-miya, Ogimachi, Hino, Ishiyama, and other lords who are trying to get rid of the Kobu Gattai by taking charge of them against the shogunate. Keizo says that things cannot be overlooked. A plan to take advantage of the breeze and set fire to the inner lining, to slam the inside of Nakagawamiya and Matsudaira Katamori on the way, and to dedicate Luan to Eizan in the midst of the disturbance. It is said that we must also know that there was. It is said that the flow circle "Dama" often flew to reach Uchigaki in the palace. There was something that put a litter into the garden to conspire the movement of the emperor Mikado, but Yoshinobu Ichihashi controlled it and did not move. That is. After all, the area around the 蛤 賤 was the most fierce battle. This area was the place where Aizu and Kuwana were protected. To the southwest of the Imperial Palace is a large camphor tree. It is said that the battle with Tsukiji as a sword and a house as a fort was particularly fierce around the tree. At that time, Choshu found the exact opposite in Aizu. The Satsuma riddle was in a different direction and gave a great deal of support to the Shogunate, but it was not as in front of Aizu. It is said that the Aizu samurai, who is dedicated to the protection of Kyoto, greeted the Choshu forces who were advancing as enemies, sometimes pushed the 蛤 觤 gate open, and showed the courage of the Tohoku region to fight with a sword without fear of the tip of the cylinder.
This city battle ended on that day | the time of the unfinished sheep. The Choshu domain was torn in three directions: Nakadachiuri, Kamon, and Sakai-cho, and broke through about 200 corpses. The fire broke out around the time of the snake, but the wind was getting stronger from the cage, the fire cubs were scattered in all directions, and the Takasegawa in the east and the Horikawa in the west. It extended to "Horikawa" and extended to Kujo in the south, and almost all the cities of Shimogyo were in a fire. The men and women who helped the elderly and defeated the young ones were on the right and left of Keizo, and they admitted that they were invisible.
However, Keizo's letter does not stop there. Among them, Izumi Maki's death is also reported. As early as the time of Ansei, Koka started the movement of Sonno Joi, and he was sung as a generation of Fengyunji, or he planned for the Lord Dogami or preached the Choshu people, and many of the soldiers were sent to Kyoto this time. He, who is said to have come up with a plan for a person, fell into the tragic atmosphere of the battle he caused. He tried to stay until the last 21 days, when the Choshu soldiers who retired to Yamazaki were scattered, and after all the influential colleagues such as Kusaka, Terashima, and Irie were killed in action, he went to Mt. Tenno. I ran and suicide there.
Regarding the death of Izumi Maki, Kagezo's impressions are also added in the letter. It is also said that the movement of scholars since Ansei, which aimed at the unity of Sonno and Joi and thereby promoted the change of the world, lost the central figure in fact. As Hirata Monjin-especially the younger ones, it is said that Izumi Maki has reached a time when he should look back on his life and find out more about his course.
Hanzo learned from the letter that Nakatsugawa's friend Kazo was no longer in Kyoto. Kagezo, who sent me the letter, also learned that he was leaving the long Kyoto temporary restaurant "Kagu" and was about to take this opportunity to repatriate to Nakatsugawa.
Hearing the death of Izumi Maki made Hanzo think about various things. As you can see in Keizo's letter, there were no more people in the world like Izumi Maki, who should be called a hard-liner among the hard-liners when it comes to external relations. It was promulgated in the name of the shogun, saying that there was nothing to be seen in good faith in the discussion of Yokohama | Chain Port "Sakou" and the dispatch of overseas envoys, focusing on attacking the weak attitude of the Shogunate during his lifetime. Those scholars, who said that the shogunate was only a name, left the stage of their activities at the end of the battle in Kyoto.
In addition to this, the Choshu clan has been carrying out the order to expel barbar since May last year, starting with the bombardment of American merchant ships in the Ura of the Buzen field, and the Seki of the lower part. The bombardment of French and Italian warships passing through the strait resulted in the invasion of the 18-ship British-American-French-Ran-Shikoku coalition fleet in Choshu. After many of the batteries in Choshu were destroyed, all the Choshu clan were repelled, and the city of Shimonoseki was also licked with a painful experience that was just about to be occupied, the peace talks were apparently down. It was around the time when people were rumored that it was moved from Shimonoseki to Edo. Is it the opening of a port or a jōi? It has been a problem since the Black Ships of the 4th 艘 appeared off the coast of Hama in Uraga's Kuri. It is a problem that may have experienced how serious upset, upset and turmoil the country has gone up and down. On the one hand, there is a voice that accuses the Joi faction of being stubborn, and on the other hand, there is a voice that rebukes the opening faction as a national bandit, and it is a problem that may have caused as many casualties as possible. There were still many people in this country who believed that they could be ridiculed until they experienced the bitter experience of Britain, the United States, France, and Shikoku. It wasn't just the people of the Choshu region who realized the meaning for the first time when they actually went and saw it, whether it was good or bad. At that time, it makes me think that the many years of exhaust heat that was so noisy throughout the country has finally reached the point where it goes.
Three
Finally, Hanzo, along with other scholars, waited until the end of September for a call from Dochu Bugyo. I also submitted the one that arrived from the hometown of the journal entry book "Shiseki Kakiagecho" that the magistrate talked about, and also submitted the application as the president of Kiso 11-juku, and Hanzo and others took turns outside Kandabashi "Kandabashi". I went to the mansion, but every time I was told to wait a little longer and wait a little longer. Both Heisuke and Koubei, who are staying at 11 shops in Ryogoku, have run out of numbness. If you spend money in such a case, there is a mystery that there is a way to carry it more quickly even through the role of absentee in Bishu. What such an irresponsible person said made Hanzo even more lonely.
"Well, you're bored."
That said, before the owner of the house in Aioicho, Teishu, goes to a rice wholesaler in Fukagawa, he often comes to see Hanzo. After being placed on the second floor for four months, Hanzo called this person Tayoshi-san, Kami-san called Sumi-san, and went to Kiyomoto's Keiko. I have come to have such a familiarity that I call my little girl Miwa-san.
"Mr. Aoyama, I work like this at home, but I'm really looking forward to going out to the Uchiwa, where I sometimes get some free time. Look, at our house. There is no white fan left. If you look at it after a summer, you can see that every fan has a haiku written on it. "
When the corner said it to Hanzo, Takichi smiled with a bitter smile, and he was like going out to the person where Fukagawa rice was piled up without forgetting to sit down on the yatate.
Since the turmoil of Tsukuba, when the sky in the plains of the Kanto region has been covered with war dust, Tayoshi's playing on the path of his favorite haiku, despite all the conflicts here. People like that also lived. Born in Kawagoe, he used to travel between Kawagoe and Edo by riverboat when he was the owner of a large merchant house that doubled as a rice wholesaler and a liquor wholesaler. When this Tayoshi had to imitate the old goodwill and tatami mats due to the innate greed and the mistake of the commercial method, Kami also broke the grass dumplings. Since I became a Shirihasho and sold something called "Osumi Dango", I was destined to help my husband "Oops" after moving to Edo with the whole family. It's a healthy lady who seems to be trying to cultivate.
Mr. Soikami is still only about the same year as Hanzo's wife's people. Every time Hanzo sees this woman's face, she remembers the people who are away from the main camp in her hometown, and every time she sees Miwa, who grew up in the city, her daughter's daughter is waiting for her return. I remembered the soba noodles. The Tokugawa era is already at the end of the Genji era. In the air of Edo, where society seems to be armed, what will the mystery of a machiya woman, who has no resistance at all, be a pillar of her spirit and what will she live as a force? With that in mind, when Hanzo saw Kami-san at this inn, he told her daughter that she was honest, and told her that there was nothing scary in the world. He says that it is because of his honesty that there is no example "trial", and he is trying to lead the young Miwa to the heart of the woman.
"Mr. Aoyama, in front of you, reading two or three sheets of the blue cover" Aobyoshi "doesn't help anything."
"It's a shame to meet someone like your mom."
If the owner visits this house with people who seem to be haiku friends, he will also visit the sumo wrestlers who live nearby. There is also a geisha who sometimes comes to take a break from the customer business that holds a liquor table with the help of Kami. She has the opposite personality to Kami-san, and while she is a woman who shifts her mind from man to man, she is the closest friend to Kami-san, and the shamisen feels like she was washed in the water of Edo. The master of Shamisen also often visits.
The corner said.
"Even in a recession or a recession, only the plays" Shibai "are a big hit. There are a lot of spring kyogen riddles. Which-Mr. Aoyama sees the numbering" Banzuke "of Saruwakacho. . "
This is the condition in Aioi Town.
Since leaving Edo in June, I wasn't worried about the increase in travel expenses while waiting for the magistrate's sword in April. Mr. Yamamura's mansion in Higashikatamachi has various households, but it is very different from the country samurai Inakazamurai in Kiso-Fukushima, and all of them are good people. Just us. When such people often came to invite Hanzo and asked to go to the lecture of Matsumoto Matsutama on Hirokoji, he went to a house with sake on his way home. I can't help but go out together. In law for those people, he was invited to a mansion with Koubei and Heisuke, passed through a strange tatami room, served light brown tea, sake, and Edo. If a beautiful woman who doesn't seem to be away from home is taken out and taken care of, she must bring a souvenir of about 3 minutes per person. Hanzo also had Kaneko, who was brought from the country, to the bottom. However, in Tayoshikata, there is little waste of money, and although the meal is simple, it is kind enough to serve red rice on the 15th day of the New Moon. After showing, Kami-san's corner "Sumi" took over once, and he seemed to take care of him forever. In this way, Hanzo is also a long-term rumor, and to the place where it became cold after chasing and bosom, from the west, the conqueror's army of the 35th clan who made the retreat of Owari's end the governor. There are even rumors that he is heading for Yamaguchi's attack from both land and sea.
In this long stay, the one who comforted Hanzo on the trip was to go to the bookstore thinking that there was something he wanted to go to the country, or to visit an acquaintance of Hirata Domon in Edo. It was to sleep, and sometimes to visit the Hirata family and visit the family of the teacher who was away there. But even more so, he was fascinated by the Tayoshi couple, especially finding a brilliant person like Kami's corner.
Edo was no longer the Edo of the Ansei era. It wasn't the case with cultural bunsei. Even so, the trip to Edo ten years ago was not without its sights of various crafts that applied paper, weaving, ivory, jade, and metal. Now, there aren't many designs that should be proud of the Genji era. Hanzo often stands in front of the picture-souvenir wholesaler "Ezo Shidonya" in the towns, but when he sees the humanity books sold there, the story of the enemy hit "Katakiu", and the mystery of ghost stories, it is even more than before. The shape of the book is small, the quality of the paper is poor, the prints are poor, and everything is really thin. Even in Edo plays, the strange ones are more and more strange, and the delicate ones are more and more delicate. The sharp nervousness and the wisdom of the end of the century are mixed with the obsolete and decadent colors.
At the beginning of this Edo departure, Hanzo often thought so. I wonder if the sights of Edo will show off such a trend on the stage and make you feel like you can't finish it. Or, with the arrangement of the indigo dust "Aimijin" 袷 "Matching", the lattice "Koshi" single garment "Hitoe", and the bean-squeezed towel, while the favored actor is dressed as a beautiful rogue. When I climb the stage, I wonder if there are only sights that make me laugh and whisper. As he stayed in Edo in April and dating with various people, he came to realize that this imagination was nothing more than a face-to-face.
If you look closely, even in this decadence and the disorder of the spirit, there are only people who are living in Edo without thinking about tomorrow, just seeking the stimulus of the day. Was not the person. Even the wife of an unnamed tradesman, like Kami-san in Aioi-cho, who had no chance to be educated as a woman, looked at the changing world on the stage and was invited to feel the time from a sudden scene. He even says that he can't help but cry when people don't cry. He says he can't inadvertently join the ranks and go out to see the play.
Those who were not samurai at that time were in a feudal society where they were not humans, and there was no need to seek a townsman who was obedient but never succumbed to such a distant place. I was by my side. Tall, white in color, and strong light in his eyes, instead of being born with a strong white powder, Kami-san, a house in Aioi-cho who seems to be working hard in the kitchen, has a story like this. is there. It was around the time when her husband was still living in Kawagoe as a young master of a big merchant. At that time, the Kawagoe clan, which welcomed the feudal lord of the country change, sent a strict touch to the townhouse and prohibited the sale of sake to the samurai of the clan. Among the new samurai of the Kawagoe clan, who said that it was really a peasant tradesman, a long wakizashi was thrown into his waist, and one day, Tayoshi was secretly in the mouth of the evening. There was something that stood in front of the store. Tayoshi was just playing shogi at the storefront against the clerk. Suddenly, when he saw a samurai who struck a sword and sold sake, both Tayoshi and the clerk were surprised and ran away to the back. At that time, the corner "Sumi" was eighteen young, but he appeared in front of the samurai and refused without fear of the great aponeurosis. Is the other party not angry? I showed the lantern "Andon" brought by the store kid there, and stabbed a sword at the tatami mat in front of the store, cut it into crosses, and wondered if I could still sell sake. I was terrified. There is also a story that when the samurai replied that he couldn't give up the strict prohibition of the castle owner, the samurai looked at her face and said, "Who's the daughter?" ..
"What will happen to Edo?"
When Hanzo went to see Heisuke on the second floor of the 11th store, he said it to his companion, Shoya, who was feeling hungry. When Heisuke looked at Hanzo's face, he asked him to read the children's reading book "Yomihon" that was placed under the travel pillow "pillow". Koubei was tired of his long stay and threw his hairy legs beside him.
Finally in late October, the three Shoya received a call from Dochu Bugyo. At the office of Suruga Tsuzuki, the usual Metsuke Metsuke was waiting for three people, and after keeping them in one room for a while, they called them to the appeal office.
"Since Suruga Mamoru is currently climbing the castle, I will hand it over on my behalf."
This greeting was from a public official, and the one of the 11th inn was read aloud. It sounds like a plea for Josukego, but it's hard to tell if you don't often read the villager's original book. Originally, Sadasukego was intended to apply for a regular horse duty to the nearest villages in order to replenish the regular horses at the post station, so the distance to the post station There is no point in Sadasuke-go unless the relationship is carefully investigated. However, the plea from the three presidents seems to be inevitable, so it is said that 300 gold will be given to each inn as a treatment for the rescue of the eleven inns. However, on the right side, you should be aware that the interest will be used to make up for the shortage of each inn year by year. Separately, the three also received three letters from the officials asking them to issue a confirmation. It was confirmed that the salvation allowance for the eleven inns was subsidized, and it was also signed by Suruga Sado Sado.
The desire of Sukego near the highway in the Kiso region to complete the organization was finally unsuccessful. Instead of setting up Sadasuke-go, the three scholars had to be satisfied just because they were allowed to take care of it. At that time, I received the return of the Jinbatatetsujicho, the inn account journal, etc. that had been submitted by Shoya, and took it from the mansion.
"Thank you, I'm worried about the future if I use this kind of plaster."
When the three of them returned to the eleven shops in both countries together, Hanzo said that, but he couldn't hide his disappointment.
"Mr. Hanzo is still young," said Kobei. "If the officials are not sincere, even one | sentence" mon "does not lower the treatment mystery."
"Well, well, at this point, I'm going to withdraw to the country sooner-Nagai is useless."
Heisuke said something like Heisuke.
Anyway, even if I heard the local circumstances directly in the ears of the Dochu Bugyo, I was able to fulfill the duty of being called to Edo as the president of the 11th inn. I issued a confirmation letter. This time I'm back home. Hanzo and his colleagues decided to get the accommodation of temporary travel expenses from Mr. Yamamura's mansion in Higashi-Katamachi, and to pay all the shortages during the long stay. However, in Higashi-Katamachi, there were people who wanted to do one | cup "pai" on some occasion, and when I heard that the application for the eleven inn was successfully completed, I decided to celebrate it for the time being. The Edo-stuffed samurai are accustomed to everything from looking at a restaurant in an inconspicuous place to placing sake and calling a geisha. Hanzo: I sat down at that seat and dating | When I saw a congratulatory cup from people who were good at it, I couldn't help but come out because of the errands of the inn. Alcohol did not pass through my throat. On that day, it was raining for 20 days in October during the sake brewery [# "Come" is "Come" in the bottom line]. Some of the six members of the troupe said that even if they were good enough, they still couldn't drink enough. There were also two large people who drank on the ladder and didn't know if they had returned to the mansion safely.
Soon, the final night sent by Hanzo on the second floor of Aioi Town came. The day before departure, I promised to move to the 11th store and join other shoya. That night, he was put to sleep, considering that the things since he left Edo were gathered in his heart, and that he was really a waste of miscellaneous expenses, and that his intentions as the president of the inn did not reach his wishes. There wasn't. Even downstairs, it seems that the Tayoshi couple are awake until late, and the voices of the two can be heard. He had a pillow in his chest on the road toward his hometown. In the last four years of Tenpo, another seven years of bad years, the villagers died or separated, so at a small station on a pass like Magome, there were 25 people. I remembered that I had to wait for the help of the neighboring villages of Yamaguchi and Yufunasawa to even collect them. If you look at the terrain of the post station that he takes care of as a station manager, the uphill is Tsugitate Pass, the downhill is Magome Pass, and even if it rains heavily, the road becomes like a riverbank, and in addition, the soil Since he is coming with red soil, I remembered that it would not be easy for both humans and horses to succeed in the terrain. It is especially difficult to carry luggage on snowy roads or frozen roads in winter and spring. I remembered that there was something that couldn't be exhausted. I remembered that it was not unreasonable to have a sick horse or a tired horse. When you are in your hometown, you can feel the conflict of interest between the inn and the villages of Sukego, but when you come far away from Edo, you can see that all the service on the highway is just as hot. I remembered that I was shedding. He thought about the highway in his hometown, thought about the day when he could see that post again with the appearance of Edo, and tried to endure the samurai service with the people working there.
The revival of the Sankin-kotai, which is trying to recover Edo from the bottom of the recession by recovering from the Tokugawa Shogunate's trend, has already been completed before Hanzo and his colleagues departed. It was touched.
[# Indent one character from here, indent and indent two characters]
I, Mangoku and above, as well as the replacements, Kotai Yoriai, the annual rate of worship, and the grace of the grace. 《Inudoshi》 was asked, and in the meantime, a deep thought 《Obo》 was also called, and the future 《Kougo》 was convinced by the stipulated ratio before 《Before》. Aikokoroe》, change of worship, and tells us that this should be the case.
It was said last year that more than Mangoku and other people, who were in the same country as their sons, and that they should take over to their wives and children, and that they should take over to their respective countries. By the way, this time, the start of the event was also played, and he was deeply pondered about the weather, and he said that he should be convinced as before and call him to the area (Edo).
[# End of indentation here]
In this memorandum, the word "going forward" refers to the departure to Osaka Castle, where the shogun who goes and goes should run. It refers to the advance of the Choshu expeditionary force with Owari Dainagon "Ending Nagon" as governor.
The three shoyas were called to Edo by Dochu Bugyo and asked about the circumstances of the Kiso region, which is difficult for various daimyo to pass through. The announcement of this letter made it even clearer.
Edo was no longer a place to linger for the three Shoya.
"Nagai is useless."
It wasn't just the cautious Heisuke who thought so.
However, the sky in the hometown was also in my heart, and the reason why the three shoyas tried to repatriate Edo was not only because their stay was prolonged from June to October. The day before departure, some people heard from the mansion in Higashi-Katamachi that they had reached a certain source about the movement of Ronin Mito in Tsukuba.
On the day of departure, Hanzo had already moved to the 11th store and was with the accompanying shoyas, but he couldn't stand to go through Edo as it was. I left Hatagoya in Ryogoku early in the morning with the intention of saying goodbye to the Tayoshi couple. It's frost. He hurried to the house in Aioi-cho to see the traces of straw shoes on the Ryogoku Bridge, which is still uncrowded. When I found Hanzo's journey from the gate with his leg bond "Kyahan" attached to the blue Kawachi cotton "Kappa", Miwa, the little girl, called Tayoshi and Sumi. ..
"Oh, are you standing up? You've completely wanted to do it."
After the corner, Takichi also comes to say hello. At that time, Takichi told the corner to bring two pairs of straw shoes, which were knitted with a piece of dark blue cotton, from the back. I called it a sign of Parting Gift, and put it in front of Hanzo as a furoshiki wrap.
"I am grateful for this."
"No, it may be a hindrance, but please wear it along the way. Still, the house was designed to make it."
"Mr. Tayoshi will give you something that is unique to Mr. Tayoshi."
While in a hurry, Hanzo exchanged these words with the people in Aioi-cho.
Takichi regretted farewell and said that he would at least see him off to the eleventh store. From behind Hanzo, who was begging for leisure, he chased after folding his hips.
"Mr. Aoyama, what is your luggage?"
"Is it luggage? I asked for a horse yesterday."
"Even so, it's an early stand-up. Actually, I was talking about that with the corner because I wanted you to stand up from my house, but I can't help but have no companion. Next, I'm going to Edo. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to visit us. We will always be there. "
"Come on, when can I go out again?"
"I think this is also something to do with it."
At the 11 shops in Ryogoku, Koubei and Heisuke were already in the straw shoes, waiting for Hanzo. The horse I asked for came. On that day, there was a teapot "Chatsubo" passing by, so I had to leave in the morning as much as possible. Hanzo gathers the luggage of the trip of large and small two | cargo, one of which is a straw mat of Ryukyu, and Kisoji via Itabashi while accompanying the scholars who accompany him. I headed for the highway.
Four
Since April, the priests of Mito's revered sect, Sonjoha, who have been gathering in Tsukuba, moved to Nakaminato in late September and merged with the army of allies there. Then, he fought with Mito's Samurai Party, "Sabakuto," with the help of the Shogunate. This battle of Minato decided the fate of the Mito Sonno sect. I was exhausted and there were a lot of things that fell to the shogunate. The Tsukuba forces, who had been supporting Minato until the 23rd, joined the army of allies who were based in Tateyama, and pierced the enclosure to seek a line of blood to the west. .. The direction in which the Mito Ronin started to move was exactly from Joshu Road to Xinzhou Road. It was around the time when the war reports from the Mito region reached Edo that the Kiso scholars hurriedly withdrew the Hatagoya from both countries.
The high fire signal that flew up in the sky of Tsukuba was not without contact with the west scholars. It is said that Tsukuba's momentum shook so much as if the Choshu soldiers were in the middle of the siege of Kyoto. The tie-up between the two feudal lords of Mizucho has been planned several times in the past, and some of the scholars began to come and go with each other even before the Rōjū Ando attack. The movement of the revered sect that took place in response to the East-West sympathy resulted in the defeat of Choshu in the west and the struggle of the Mito Ronin and others in the east.
After leaving Minato and heading west, Ronin Mito passed through Ishigami Village and proceeded to Daigo Village, Kuji District, but he was a debater. The army of》 could not support it either. After that, I fought against the Tsukiori Pass, stayed at Unganji Temple in Nasu, and headed for Joshu Road.
This group was almost the last of Mito Shishi in that it gathered prominent figures rather than representing a certain faction. The number was at least more than 900. The children who learned from the hometown school in Mito territory were, after all, the middle class. On the day when the famous Mito retired house (Rekko) was in his lifetime, the organization of the academy that set up hometown schools in various parts of the territory and let the children of the samurai people learn Bunbu was a little me in Kagoshima. Similar to school. In order to trace the fate of the Mito Ronin, we must know their temperament.
There is a temple. The neighborhood is a playground for children. There is a wooden statue of Enma the Great in the temple. The great king's eyes shine, so he thought that it was a crystal in his childhood, and he intended to steal the invaluable jewels because of his greed, and he sneaked into the lonely old temple even in the daytime. Have children. When I get close to the wooden statue, I can't reach it because of my child. He climbed up to the knees of the Enma King, pulled out his dagger, scooped out his eyes, and was happy to bring it home, thinking that it was a huge sword. Later, when it became known that it was glass, he was disappointed and abandoned the eyes of the great king. This is Mito's child at the time, only nine years old.
There is a forest. There is a torii gate at the shrine. There is a dark shrine precinct even in the daytime. There is a boy who is told to wait for a kid trying to go over the precincts casually. At the festival of the shrine, there is a tall man standing there, asking for a lot of mischief from the mischief of a naughty man, as if he were a shabby ronin in his clothes. The Ronin is a lonely traveling crow, so he passed by with an unknown face at the festival cage, but at that time he did not allow the boy to pass by. I often say that I humiliated myself on the day of the festival by spitting out bad words "Akouzogon", and I will compete alone with one person, so I said that I should be prepared for that, but the handle of the sword I worked on "Tsuka". The boy is not defeated either. You can't win if you don't kill the enemy in the first shot at the time of the game for a long time. It is a boy who has been told by his parents that it is important to take the initiative by slashing unannounced. I have enough knowledge of Iai. Alright, take the sword under the sword, hang it on the sword, and take the hakama's crotch while looking at the ronin on the other side. It's like an amateur. I bravely jumped in here. Unannounced, he slashed at the enemy's trowel. Unfortunately, he is a boy, and he only has a small wakizashi, which is about one shakuhachi. The Ronin on the other side rebelled against the heel and escaped at a glance to the extent that the tip touched or did not touch the opponent. He was also surprised to find that he ran away without looking after him, wearing his sword on his shoulder. This is the boy from Mito at the time, only 16 years old.
There is a second floor. There is a tatami room. There is sake. On the handrail of the second-floor tatami room of the brewery, there are dozens of spear-shaped spears that are made of spear and stick out from the bottom. There are two samurai who are surrounded by the gathering of the unscrupulous people for the machi-bugyō. When a samurai asks what he's doing, even though he doesn't remember committing any crime, he doesn't know. The answer is that it is the role to attract the feet and others. When he entered the yard while being protected by several people, he said that he would accompany him, and one samurai threw all the documents in his pocket into the jar and pulled out his sword. He pushed it deep into the sewage, and then became lighter and complemented with his companion samurai. The destination of the net vehicle that carries the sinner is the Machi-Bugyosho. There was a strict interrogation. There was nothing to prove, but both were handed over to the Dwarf Eye. The Mito clan was in an era when the Samurai sect's territory, Ryoshu, and Ichikawa Sanzaemon, were good at it, and the day of Tsukuba's departure to conquer the revered sect was reached. The house was messed up, and there were only two sentinels attached to the samurai. The evening has come. The samurai who became a prisoner whispers to his companion. I've been hostile to the opposition for a long time, and I'm sure I'll be slashed if I stay that way, trying to escape as much as I can by slashing the sentinels rather than dying for them. I think, how is it? The samurai who heard it wasn't hated by the opposition so much, but he thought that it wasn't a samurai's job to act together despite being in the same prison, so that night's moon. I promised to escape before I got out. Wait, the samurai said that he wasn't guilty of anything, that he shouldn't slash it, and that he should try to explain one thing, and he called him into the room. I've heard that Mizufu is in great turmoil right now, this shouldn't be a samurai's sitting in the fall of the national crisis, so I'm leaving here now, fortunately if you can't miss it. It doesn't matter, but if there is something that shouldn't be overlooked in terms of work, it's unavoidable to try the sharpness of our sword. After saying that, I pulled the sword and cut the Koikuchi shirt to show it. The two guards replied happily and did not look up while lying prostrate. Excuse me, I ask for the rest, and abandoned that, both samurai left there, overcame the wall from the garden, and hid themselves that night. .. This is the Tengu Ren in Mito at that time.
The powerful attack power of the Mito people was directed at everything that appeared before them as an enemy. Once for foreigners residing in Yokohama. Also for the officials of the shogunate authorities such as Ii and Rōjū. People with a temper that would bet their lives on attacking enemies like this, if the opposite is true, even on the side of the feudal lord in Edo, in the hometown of Mito Castle. If you also find it.
No clan continued to struggle as hard as Mito. It really appeared in the form of a clan theory division. Of course, the general public's mind was upset, and the new century was finally over, and when everyone was upset about whether to right or left, the things that have protected the old for more than 200 decades. There wasn't much in the clan where the clan theory didn't divide. Mito was particularly fierce. In the Tokugawa era, when the great work of "Dainihonshi" was accomplished, the cause was clarified, and there was something in the world that even bent the scholarship, the spirit of history was established anyway. It was Mito. The scholarship of the Shokokan and the scholarship of the Kodokan served as a guide to the academic style of the various clan. There were no young people at that time who were not affected by Mito in any way. With this enthusiasm, Mito hit the big contradiction of Sonno Jōi. That is the life of the retired house with a lot of waves. Receiving the wishes of Prince Nishiyama in the distance, the retreat, which was a royal reverence, is more responsible than the lords of Kishu and Owari, as well as supporting the shogunate. I was made to stand in a position to feel. This agony of Mito gave birth to the Qin Wang people on the one hand, and the Samurai people called the Kumon party on the other. One clan wanted to be torn. At that time, even though there were party conflicts among the feudal lords, there was no place like Mito that was as cruel as Mito. The Makoto Party believed from the bottom of his heart that it was a villainous human being to see the Makoto Party, and he didn't even know that the Makoto Party saw the Makoto Party and that it was important to the head family. He assumed that he was a vassal of disloyalty. Some have said that Mito's party struggle is almost like a religious war and is outside the interests of success or failure. The so-called Makoto Party was also called the Tengu Ren, and the so-called 奸 Party was also called the Morio Party. The talented men of the Mito clan at that time, those who were not sincere were called Makoto, those who were not Makoto were Makoto, and the two factions were completely divided into two groups, and the one in between was called Bayanagi. When Ichikawa Sanzaemon and other members of the Morio Party's territory, Ryoshu, influence national affairs, the Tenguren faction stood in the direction of Mt. Tsukuba, and Tamaru Inaemon was the captain. He was trying to win the spirit of reverence by dedicating the spiritual era of the dead retreat. For some time, the shogunate had been suspicious of the conspiracy between Takeda Kounsai, one of the leaders of the Makoto Party, and the priests who had raised soldiers in Tsukuba. Immediately ordered Kounsai to retire, and ordered the lords of the Kanto 11 feudal clan to help the Sanzaemon of the Morio Party and defeat the mob of Tsukuba. I gave it. Sanzaemon led a soldier and left Edo, returned to Mito Castle, and dedicated the mother of Renchu, Princess Yoshiko, and Kimiko, and solidified the grounds. Upon hearing this, Kounsai and his colleagues broke the ban and left Mito, saying that the Mito family is still alive today. Then, he tried to dismiss the feudal lords by arguing against the feudal lord in Edo. In this way, the feudal clan divided the party, and there was no time to calm down for a while, so Matsudaira | Oi no Kami (Shishido Hou) was the feudal lord's Mokudai. I arrived at Yoshida in Mito on August 10th. However, Sanzaemon in Mito saw that many of the people who accompanied the messenger of this messenger were his opponents, and among them was Kimiko from Kyoto. When he saw the mystery of a servant and a priest of the revered sect, Oiryo doubted his true intention and refused to enter the castle. The turbulence of the Tomo Party was the result.
The melee continued. Oiryo, Kounsai, and Inaemon were in their respective positions, but they were in line with the aspirations of the reverence. It was also agreed that Sanzaemon and others based on Mito Castle would be joint enemies. In the battle of Minato, when the Oiryo head fell to Tanuma Genba no Kami of the Shogunate, many militias and wanderers were scattered. The entire army of the Tenguren was also divided, setting fire to the camp of allies, and more than 1,000 people fell on Hou Tanuma. The remnants of the Tsukuba group, led by Inaemon, retired from the battlefield of Minato and joined the Kounsai corps based on Tateyama, which was close by, and had no choice but to run west together. is there. The victory of the Morio Party in Minato was due to the support of the shogunate, who had been reluctant to leave, and to the side of the local soldiers who were watching the situation. On the other hand, at the Tengu Party, it is said that it is due to the fact that Tanaka | Genzo, who heard a proper name as an executive, robbed the neighborhood under the name of military money procurement and lost the people's heart. It is undisputed that the defeat of the Choshu domain in Kyoto, which even spared the supply of military resources, was a deep blow to the Mito rebellion.
There were various issues at that time regarding the group of Ronin Mito who began to move into the west sky. Some said that the destination would be Kyoto, and many said that they would extend to Choshu.
However, this meant that those who looked up to the retreat of the deceased Mito as their priests pushed the flag of the second-ranked Dainagon "Juniidainagon" and moved in honor of their will. Don't forget. Of the group of more than 900 people, the Tsukuba group, which is said to have gathered the elite of Mito, had more than 300 people, and the other 600 people were the peasants of the Hitachi and Shimotsuke regions. .. There were also a few ladies, including a priest who came to support from the Kyoto area. There were even two doctors. The tight ties are a thousand, including those with actual combat power, such as "Hyoroukata", "Mamanaikata", "Zouhyo", and "Bunin". Moved more than one person. It was accompanied by 150 war horses and a lot of small cargo. I prepared a drum and thirteen or four flags. This is not just a flock of fallen warriors. The action is an indication of the will of reverence. By the way, the shogunate was upset.
Among these ronin was Koshiro Fujita << Fujita Koshiro >>. It has been eleven years since Toko Fujita, who moved the deceased retreat and advocated the theory of reverence, died, and Koshiro, his child, participated in the execution movement. It was Koshiro who preached the children of his hometown school ahead of the crowd, preached his senior Inaemon, and chanted that he worshiped Nikko, and stayed in Shimotsuke no Kuni Ohirayama from the beginning. His father, Mito's senior priest, also remained one of the top executives of the four commanders.
After the battle in Takasaki, when he moved to Joshu ｜ Shimonita 《Shimonita》, Mito Ronin found almost no enemy. The Takasaki group destroyed the bridge there, and even a group of fifty guards fired a gun at Toya. Kabura River is a river that flows between rich cultivated lands. From that bank to the Uchiyama Pass, you will reach the terrain of a rugged mountain. Even horses that are accustomed to standing up in Shimonita early in the morning and carrying loads to the top of the pass can't go home unless they are chazuke. It corresponds to the border between Joshu and Shinshu. It's a very difficult place, with two ri up and one and a half ri down. The road is narrow and the bridge is destroyed when a thousand or so people come to the pass. It seems that the number of guards has retired, and military supplies and other items have been thrown away in the mountains. The ronin cut down trees, laid down futon clothing on top of them, and handed them horses. From the cannon and the ball box to the long-lasting crested basket, the rugged pass was pulled up, and eventually all of them went out to the plateau of Saku.
On the 18th of November, the Ronin and others crossed the Chikuma River to Mochizuki-shuku. There was also a notification that a person from the Matsumoto domain had changed his appearance and secretly entered the detective "Tantei". The ronin who heard it warned, and also warned the sacking of allies. I was planning to stay in Wada on the 19th, and the flag of reverence was high and hung in the sky of the mountainous country.
[# Page break]
Chapter 10
One
The Suwa clan 《Suwahan》 rebels gathered on the Wada Pass. Clan ｜ Suganuma Onemon 《Suganuma Onemon》 and Kurita Ichibei 《Kurita Ichibee》 He has led five followers to fulfill his mission. Three people with Metsuke, one person with a calligraphy, one person with a writer, three infantry repellents, and one small person each are gathering together. There is also a group of nineteen people led by Ashigaru's small head Kogashira and Kimoiri. In addition, two feudal lords carrying new-style guns are also on business trips. The Wada Togeguchi corps was composed of these numbers, and each of them was assigned to the mission of Take Point.
Suwa Takashima Castle Lord Suwa | Inaba Mamoru was on the Edo table as one of the shogunate chiefs, but he sent a courier to Takashima Castle to prepare for his subordinates. He ordered that he would not allow Mito Ronin to pass through his territory. A part of the Kisoji Highway leading to Shimosuwa-shuku via Wada-shuku was designated as a battle area. The Higashi Mochiya on the pass and the townspeople living in the Nishi Mochiya were ordered to evict.
Before the circumstances were so imminent, Takashima Castle's residence, Orusui, received a document brought by Hikyaku from the Edoyashiki. The document was specifically addressed to the Suwa Domain by the Shogunate, and was intended to convey the rumors of Ronin Mito Nishishita and to immediately send the number of people to Wada Pass and others. There is a way out to Matsumoto in the pass on the right, so depending on the time, the Matsumoto domain should support it, and he said that he was told to take care of everything. By the way, Kofu may also ask for the number of people to support, so I arranged for the dispatch of troops with that intention, and there is no omission in the Nakasendo area as well as in the Koshu area. It was also said that he was told to do so.
The day after this arrival arrived at the Suwa Domain, a public letter from Edo was transmitted to the various domains all at once. Musashi, Kozuke, Shimotsuke, Kai, Shinano, as well as the daimyo who have territories in each country, Sagami, Totomi , All the daimyo of Suruga received the writing. It's a fairly strict content, because it sounds like a large number of escapees are falling toward Koshuji or Nakasendo among the thieves who gathered around Tsukuba. It has been acknowledged that it means to take it off as soon as it appears, and if it should be taken down, it should be taken care of by other territories. He also added that there would be a "Gosata" if it was made into "Tsukuba". At the same time, in the shogunate, there are various territories in Mikawa, Owari, Ise, Omi, Wakasa, Hida, Iga, and Echigo. I sent another note to the daimyo, and some of the thieves in the Tsukuba area could hear it scattered in places. He insisted that he should be defeated as soon as possible. Since the battle at Minato, Sansei Tanuma, who has supported Mito's various life parties, Genba no Kami has followed the Ronin as the governor-general. The Shogunate, on the one hand, followed the conquest of Choshu, and set up a large net in each country, trying to destroy all the people who were Yoshishi Mizufu. At that time, it was about the time when various "various" rumors that were unbelievable from the beginning of Yasuri were transmitted to the Suwa domain. None of the people who were absent from Takashima Castle had any idea of ​​the coming of the Mito Ronin. When I first heard that the Ronin had entered Joshu, it was uncertain as to whether it was true or false, and there was still a gap of dozens of ri. The Suwa domain was still forgiving. When I heard that the Ronin had entered Shinshu and heard that they had come to Saku, the messenger who informed me suddenly flew away. Suddenly there was a rating "Hyojo" in the castle. Some said it was best to block the Koshu mouth first. Some think about dealing with the elite of Mito, and if they come in with the same force from more than a thousand people, they can't be enemies. It's okay to keep this guarding the castle and let the ronin pass by, and if you shoot with a gun from behind, that's all you need to do to the official rites. However, there are some who say that the prince is actually an old man of the shogunate, and that the Suwa clan cannot let the ronin and others be left as they want, and that the exaggerated rumors are not reliable. There was a theory that we should refrain from light actions. The Suwa domain welcomed a courier from the Edoyashiki there. The courier is an old vassal who plays an important role in the house, and has brought strict orders to the shogunate. When I was informed that the Ronin Mito had arrived at Mochizuki, I saw 15 cannons, 150 horsemen, more than 700 infantry, and a logistical pack animal from the flag. All of the clan's have lost their complexion to the rumor that they are called "Kana". At that time, the servant Hikoshichi Shiobara must have advanced and the Ronin must have crossed the Wada Pass. Toyohashi Bridge in the pass has a hill behind Tanigawa, and Suwa Yorishige of the old days is also an old battlefield. It is about 3 ri from Takashima Castle. He emphasized that he would be able to defeat the enemy if he was more willing than me and relied on the terrain of the terrain and solidified the key points. Fortunately, it was confirmed that Tanuma, who leads a large soldier as the governor-general of the shogunate, will follow the ronin. Many things, including the Suwa domain's elders, relied on it. The most important thing was that it was supposed to be a public rite to chase Mito Ronin on the Wada Pass, one with Tanuma and one with Takashima, who would attack the enemy from both sides. The attitude of the clan was decided. By the way, the repulsion corps was dispatched.
Genji On November 19th of the first year, deep rain came to the top of the pass from the morning.
Eventually, those who went out for reconnaissance in the direction of Wada will come back to the top of the pass with rain again. By the time it was reported that the Mito Ronin was supposed to stop at Nagakubo Wada Ryoshuku that evening, the Suwa clan's head, Monogashira Yajima, and Denzaemon With nine servants, I went on a business trip to Wada Pass | The young party of the hand, the middle of the spear, the sandals, the sandals, the spear, and the high tension, are quite good. In addition, two horsemen, whose heads take the mouth of horses, also accompanied.
"You have to think that the enemy is close."
The messenger 《Otsukaiban》 said that he would go to the castle with Hayauma, and left that word from the horse. I asked the messenger to write the message to the rest of the people as if they were going on a business trip, and I hurried to various meetings on horseback. The distant mountains were so heavy that they couldn't be seen, and people and horses went back and forth on the pass while getting wet.
First of all, I chose a place called Shimenawa in the pass, and decided to carry out a defense work there so that I could defend against even one move. With that in mind, he ordered the nearby villages to call for human foot. I went to see the land with a small official. Note: We decided to line up large trees, build a sword, equip a gun, and hide the number of people in the Shimenawa. From Ohira, collect large stones on the rugged mountain under the horse road, lay a large tree on the road, and place it so that it cannot pass quickly, attracting enemies up close. So, if you shoot with a gun and drop Oki Oishi, even if a large number of people come in, you can prevent it with your right hand, and in the meantime, the number of chasing allies will also be on a business trip. Deaf, the head rushed in the rain to prepare for it. I divided my hands and told each of them the Shimochi. By the time we've done that, it's already noon. As the head went down the pass to Toyohashi and approved lunch, chasing and people gathered.
The messenger of the dedication to Suwa Castle soon returned and told that there were finally a number of business trips. In the meantime, a group of 28 guards and 19 artillery soldiers arrived from Suwa. I also saw a business trip of 29 gunmen. 200 cannons | Tamazutsu 2 | Cho, 100 eyeballs, 11 and a half Western styles have arrived. At that time, a feudal lord on a business trip from Suwa told the story of the decision of the council in the castle to prevent the war at Tozawaguchi on Toyohashi Bridge. Higashi-mochi-ya and Nishi-mochi-ya may become a stumbling block to the enemy, so there is a story that both mochi-ya will be burned down, the crosspieces will be removed, and the bridges will be cut off. The soldiers and human feet headed to the top of the pass.
It was just when the Matsumoto feudal lord | Matsudaira Tanba Mamoru, about 350 soldiers dispatched from Matsudaira Tamba no Kami, retired from Nagakubo's position and gathered at Higashi Mochiya. .. Originally, the dispatch of the Matsumoto clan could not refuse the strict order of the revenge governor Tanuma | Genba no Kami, so he went to Nagakubo for roadside security, but both the Ueda clan and the Matsushiro clan "Matsushirohan" were small. He said that it would be difficult for Mito Ronin to hit the Mito Ronin alone when he knew that the clan "Komorohan" would not be dispatched, and he said that he would like to fight with the number of people sent out from Suwa. .. For Suwa, this was an unexpected friendship. Immediately, the head of the story, "Monogashira," expressed his welcome, and even though it was not enough, he gave the director of Matsumoto the meaning that the Suwa domain would take the lead. It has already been decided to burn both rice cakes. In a hurry, Matsumoto set fire to Higashi Mochiya, and Suwa's soldiers, who had been waiting at Nishi Mochiya, waited for Matsumoto's passage to complete and burned Mochiya.
The head was at Toyohashi Bridge. He commanded the footsteps of five or six hundred people and was in a hurry to carry out protection work in the rain. Matsumoto group arrived there from the pass and chasing. He rented about three private houses under Hibashi and used them for Matsumoto's accommodation. The cannons brought by Matsumoto are about 100 rifles and 50 rifles. A one-time lunch box for 350 Matsumoto people, three bales of white rice, two miso ｜ barrels, one barrel of pickles, and two barrels of sake were given to the 350 people. It was.
Many of the defenses and riddles of the fort near Toyohashi were devised by this riddle, and the strategy was addressed by the servant Hikoshichi Shiobara, who was ordered to be the head of the Suwa Domain gun corps. In the heavy rain that fell all day long, the sound of hundreds of husbands wearing Minokasa cutting down large trees from the mountains echoed around them. There is something that sets the gun seat and folds the trunk of the tree. There is something here that builds a dohyo and piles up a ring to raise the battlement. It was not enough to carry the troops from Shimosuwa, so a government office was set up in Toyohashi, and cooking started there. This work continued until the night began, illuminating the valley with the light of a torch. The rafter rock "Kakehashi" was also cut off, and the Ochiai Bridge "Ochiaibashi" was also cut and dropped. On the highway beside the forest of Murakami, a sword was burned, and four or five guards took turns watching over it.
When the westward of Mito Ronin was transmitted, it caused a great deal of confusion among the residents along the road. Although it is a calling of the Suwa clan's thoughts to stop the Ronin at the fort of the mountain god of Hibashi, the opponent has faced dozens of actual battles in some places so far, and the Ronin is stepping on the number of places. What if they were torn? This has made the residents along the road scared. Various "various" rumors were transmitted from one person's mouth to another. Should it be defeated by the Wada Pass, the Suwa group will burn down Hibashi village, retreat to Shimosuwa and burn down the inn, and will defend against Takashima in Shimosuwa. There is something to say. If that "in the unlikely event" becomes a fact, Shimohara Village will be burned down, the town of friends in the inn, Kubo, and Takei will not be in danger, urgently. At that time, even Takagi Yamatocho, Takagi Yamato-cho, was burnt down, and there was a rumor that no one had said that it was a consultation in the Suwa domain that should be prevented by eliminating the stagnation of the Ronin and others.
The residents along the road were surprised by this. Not to mention household goods, there are things that even remove the shoji and put them in the dozo. Some of the items that do not have a dozo are carried to the nearest village, and some are carried to nearby villages.
In addition, it was heard that all the dozo were destroyed and all the houses were burned down so that the ronin and others would not get stuck. Everyone was very surprised to hear that, and some of them took out important items that had been stored in the dozo again, digging holes and burying them in the soil, while others took them out to the fields. Anyway, there are some who realize that they can't survive in this rainy weather and carry clothes as much as possible. People stood in this whirlpool of turmoil with each other. Each other's eyes said that the turbulent world would be like this. Men and women of all ages in the vicinity escaped to the mountains that night, and those who did not evacuated to the fields and hid there.
Takeda Kounsai as Iga Mamoru is the captain, and the Mito family's Motomachi Bugyo Tamaru Inaemon is the deputy general. A group of Mito Ronin, whose counselor was the Yamaguni Hyobu of the former Kosho Todori, who was known for his name, left Wada-shuku and proceeded along this road before dawn. Daily journey about four or five ri. This was a movement of the Ronin and others who were afraid that the soldiers would get tired of their feet, but on that day, they had to go up the road of Sanri just to cross the Wada Pass.
The weather is sunny. There was no cloud in the morning sky. Eventually, the Ronin and others went to the pass. He pushed up the eight red and white flags, and the number of people who separated into three steps turned black and climbed the pass later. Both | Mochiya had already been burned down, and I didn't see one Suwa soldier in the area. When the Senpotai approached the incense burner rock, the cavalryman first heard four gunshots in the forest. The flying ball did not hit an ally, but turned toward the grove or smashed into the ground, but the sound revealed that there was an ambush. On the mountain on the left, there was a waving flag to signal Suwa.
There is a big tree lying on the road in the mountains. Those who try to overcome it, those who try to overcome many obstacles, those who try to repair the pier, and for the Ronin side, it is quite a way to open the way for the whole army. Spent time. Soon, he climbed a mountain on the incense burner rock, and there was an ally who turned up a single windsock dyed with white and navy blue. There was a series of climbs on one of the mountains that pushed up the three red flags. The ronin corps reached from a high mountain position to the point where they could see the positions of both Suwa and Matsumoto.
While the Ronin side was approaching so much, Suwa was still relying on the shogunate's subjugation team. There is no sign that the Tanuma group coming and coming will approach the Wada Pass. The Suwa group has no choice but to join forces with the Matsumoto group and meet the ronin who are advancing as enemies. Soon, the Ronin side, who pushed down the road from the peak of the pass, approached the position of Mt. Hayashi. There are only four or five towns that are separated from the Suwa position across the valley. The clash between the two armies began with a fire lid cut from the Ronin side. Gunshots broke out on the mountain and on Taniguchi.
Suwa forces were well prevented. Gradually, the Ronin side descended from the mountain terrain, oppressing Suwa from Tozawaguchi to Toyohashi, and raised the voice of Kujiranami, but it was based on the chest wall. The Suwa terrain was repelled due to the fire. The soldiers of both Suwa and Matsumoto clan prepared for five steps, and the right wing was an ordinary preparation with the gun corps first and the spear corps left, but the left wing was the ordinary preparation with the spear corps first, and the Ronin side assaulted Every time I tried, I shook and attacked. It's been three times to drive back like this. The Ronin side could not proceed either.
The battle on that day started from the time of the sheep, and reached near sunset, but the battle between the enemy and ally's cannons did not make a match yet. The ronin side came to be in a disadvantageous position just to set the aim of the gun by receiving the reflection of the dazzling sunset seriously. Seeing that, it was the Chief of Staff, Yamakoku Hyobu, who devised a plan. Thinking about the geography he knew in the words of the guide, he pulled up a hundred-eyed gun to the top of the mountain on his right, and took the attention of Suwa to that side, and a group of about five or sixty people. Was sent to the peak of Fukazawayama. This corps crossed the river on the left and came out on a mountain that could attack Matsumoto's position from the side. This strange plan was unexpected not only for Matsumoto but also for Suwa. The day had already entered the mountains and Matsumoto was tired of fighting. At that time, one of the Ronin, "One", fired a gunmaru from the top of the mountain and hit the general who commanded Matsumoto. The turmoil first happened there. A group of ronin who took advantage of the momentum fired rifles and shook down from the mountain toward the enemies directly underneath.
Kounsai was in the main team that had advanced to Tozawaguchi. At the same time, he shook his head, beat the drums himself, and moved on to the final assault. The area is already dark. In Suwa, there were a number of things that were already floating and those that threatened to retreat backwards. At that time, Suwa's team was still strong, and some troops tried to stay on Toyohashi and continue to resist the stubborn "Gankyo", but they could do anything about the steps of the entire army that had begun to collapse. There wasn't. It seems that Matsumoto is already looking a lot, and there were a lot of things trying to retreat early.
Finally, Tanuma | Genba no Kami did not come. The battle was defeated by both Suwa and Matsumoto. A sudden fire hand flew to one side of the heavens. It's Suwa's arson. They went out of their way to get rid of the ronin's stalemate. He set fire to three private houses in Hibashi Village and began to retreat. In the bright, burning light of the daytime, Suwa had some brave men still trying to stay, and even returned to their original position and fired two cannons. There was a small pursuit competition here and there. In the meantime, the arson went down a little, and there wasn't much moonlight to illuminate the ground in the five-hour sky on the night of the 20th. The deep darkness that the enemy and the ally cannot distinguish has wrapped up both Suwa and Matsumoto who are collapsing in a total collapse.
In this battle of Tosawaguchi, about 17 people were killed on the Ronin side. About 100 guns | Scratches 《Scratches》 I took care of the spear mystery. Captain Kounsai was also tired of fighting, but he became so energetic that he called all his allies to Toyohashi. Since the departure of Minato, the Dainagon blinds that have been in the camp since the departure of Minato are safe, the Yamakuni parents and children are safe, and Inaemon and Koshiro of the Tsukuba group are all safe. .. All of them divided their hands and changed the Takashima position and others with a torch. At the fort there, the traces of the chest wall here, there are abandoned helmets, rifles, enemies, wakizashi, and floor swords, jinbaori, etc. In the meantime, there are enemy and ally war dead who can't even see. The fishy odor of blood and the odor of blood snorted in the rushing night air.
Kounsai used a spear as a cane and looked around among the soldiers with Inaemon, Hyobu, and Koshiro. Following the battlefield, it could not be said that there was no counterattack by the enemy. All of them suddenly line up again to solidify the four sides of the main team. At that time, Kounsai ordered a general to change the corpse of his ally, shoot down his neck, and put it deep in his heart. There are about ten people who suffer from deep fluffiness. It also gave a care to the pedestrian "Bunin" by putting it on the door plate. In such a case, it is the hands of two doctors who serve in the army. An old woman, who was about fifty, came from Mito in the camp, but this person also helped the doctors and stood up with a wakizashi between the belts.
It's already past four and a half hours at night. The ronins cleared up the corpses of their allies, and the famous people pulled them into the grass hut and set them on fire. Others lit a little fire where the corpse was and buried it in the soil. The tentative burial has also been completed. Toyohashi also had abandoned troops and bento boxes from the enemy, so they were slightly hungry. It ’s a fierce meal. Extreme thirst. To heal it, everyone's feet headed to Shimosuwa's inn. Eventually, the 25 people who made the corps were about to leave Toyohashi and heard the shells of the marching conch that rang in the night sky.
There are about two villages between Toyohashi and Shimo-Suwa. A long procession of ronin and others, who set up the directions first, abandoned the torches, and watched for some ambush of the enemy on the way, continued on the night road. I went to Ochiai village and then to Hara village below. There was no longer a single enemy in the area.
It was deep at night when the first corps of Ronin and others entered Shimosuwa with the sound of a blank gun. The defeated Suwa Matsumotos did not see a soldier there after they had fallen in the direction of Takashima Castle. The towns are also empty. The ronin and others thought of their own house and went from the pot kettle to a place where they were left as they were in a colander such as washed rice. Kounsai is at the wholesaler's house, and Inaemon is at Raigouji. Kagari was burned in front of Tsuji in the towns, in front of the torii gate in Akimiya, in front of the meeting place, next to the hot spring, and in other places. Four or five ronin took turns guarding the enemy's night attack and turning to the fire in the inn.
About 300 apse people do not easily arrive in Shimosuwa. It was known that there would be a gap in the road because it was those people who took care of the injured in the upcoming battle. Meanwhile, some of the executives gathering at the headquarters already have a rating of "tomorrow." Originally, the Ronin and others did not aim for Takashima Castle. Only to pave the way to the west, he had no choice but to fight against the Suwa domain as an enemy. The night's rating was where to go ahead. There are two ways. From now on, I will go to Shiojiri Pass, Kikyo will pass Hara, and I will take Seba Motoyama to Niekawa and Kiso. Kiso >> Do you go straight on the highway? Or will it break from Okaya Tatsuno to Ina Road? It was not the intention of the Ronin to break the barrier of Kiso-Fukushima. Between the forests of Kiso, which stretches for more than 22 ri, there are many mountain slopes that are rugged, and it was considered that it would not be easy to succeed the human horses. Rather, they chose Ina, which has wide valleys and many roads, and attempted to seek a straight line of blood from that direction.
One night in Shimosuwa, which can be called sleeplessness. By the time the apse arrived in the town and thought they had taken a breather, the main team had already begun to stand up at night. No one wants to stay in this fun hot spring town for a long time. Many do not even drink hot water in an attempt to withdraw it as soon as possible.
"Watch out for night theft."
The voice came from both the executives and the hearty soldiers. In this congestion, about 15 or 6 dozos were cut through. The theft was carried out so that no one could understand what it was doing. In the midst of the rush of salvage by the Ronin. In the darkness of the towns, which are almost police-free.
At 6 o'clock of Akatsuki 《Ake》, all the Ronin left Shimosuwa. Hiraide-shuku "Hiradeshuku" short break, Okaya "Okaya" lunch scheduled. Among the many things that are rushing on the road, there is also one that pushes the Daihachiguruma with the jinbaori. Sometimes I ride a horse without wearing armor. Injured soldiers are sometimes carried on door plates. It's already a big frost, Ooshimo. The heavens were just cold.
Two
Of course, the Ronin and others have no way of turning back. There is also a notification that the Tanuma group of the debaters sent by the shogunate are constantly chasing from behind. A long line from more than a thousand people continued to Ina Valley, watching the front and back.
Some of the local people who truly received only the rumors of the world, such as the escapers of Tsukuba and the wanderers, actually welcomed a group of ronin and saw the Hatago. I was surprised to pay 250 sentences for each serving lunch. Some are also a box of gold Aoimon that moves with the party, a long-handled umbrella, a long-lasting crest, and a long-stick basket. Surprisingly, there are some who say that the daimyo of three or four hundred thousand stones is a traffic turmoil.
However, that is not unreasonable. The reason is that the Aoi crest box, umbrella, longevity, and long stick kago were all meant to commemorate Mito Retsuko. Even if the retreat wasn't there, the place where the party moved while servicing the big flag of "Junior Second Rank Dainagon" was almost the same as protecting the living people. That Edo | Komagome's villa, Eichikkyo, who died without knowing that he was exempted from the eternal residence, couldn't even welcome a messenger from Kyoto before he was alive. Now, the reason why he moves while pushing the flag that says "House" is because he is a Mito person or a quasi-Mito person who seems to be his beloved child or grandson. They are the thieves of the Shogunate and the unfaithful vassals of the opposition party. Because I was trying.
Even after coming out on the banks of the Tenryu River, the Ronin did not try to disarm. All of them are armor helmets, black eboshi hats, and jinbaori coats. The red and white flags raised high, the horse sign "Umajirushi" that distinguishes the corps, etc. are reflected in the spear that the knight on horseback carried, and the feeling of countless groups and gatherings is a line. The team was active. The two cannons protected by each unit are all marked with the brush marks of their retreat. The inscriptions of "Minna no Nakabushi" and "Nariaki Minamoto" are the pride of the Ronin. The flag with the two characters "Sonjo" high in the center of the procession was a memorial since Tsukuba, along with the Jindaiko. The staff of the staff is in the second unit of the army. With a spear on his waist, he is a horse-riding armor, and a hundred or more people carry a gun with a gold three-covered shojo. He led a warrior. We knit a large number of corps in preparation for the 1st to 6th teams, constantly look around the front and back of the cavalry's duty, and give a clapping tree to the platoon and the signal of the march. The mystery of using GI came out of this person's precise brain. Former Mito family | Soba Yonin, one of the commanders, put up a horse-marked sokin on the side of the horse, and while being protected by about 100 gunmen. Solidified the central unit. Inaemon, who was accompanied by about fifty spearmen, was a horse-marked leaf of Kaji, and followed him while showing the dignity of a deputy general. Captain Kounsai raised the flag of "Kouunsai" first, and a cavalry corps of about 100 people who put up the horse mark of "Sangaibishi" proceeded in front of it, and the group of about 200 walking warriors It continued after that with a bare-bones spear. In addition to the father and son of the Yamakuni soldiers, there are also parents and children who serve in the army. The letters of the flag of the feelings that each unit protects tell the face of those who are appointed by Yoshishi Mizufu. The "PRESTO" in it shows their early pioneering feeling, like breaking the hard shell since the Middle Ages and trying to lift their heads slightly.
Ina also had the Takato Domain 《Takatohan》 ahead. The battle at Wada Pass was already transmitted to the clan. The chief retainer of the Matsumoto domain | Shinzaemon Mizuno The killed in action of a person named Mizuno Shinzaemon, as well as many other deaths and injuries, as well as the taiko drums, spears, spears, and cannons that were seized by the ronin. Rumors of a mystery silenced the Takato clan. Even so, he could not refuse the strict orders of the Shogunate, and the clan dispatched troops to both banks of the Tenryu River, but when he heard that the ronin were rushing in, the commander suddenly withdrew from the position of Hiraide and Tenjinyama. I withdrew to the person named "Tenjinyama". Since then, the Ronin have been able to continue the march as a group with even greater courage.
There were no troops that went too far, and no troops were left behind. There is even a rare voice of scrutiny inside. Some sing songs on horseback. Some go while giving sweets to the children on the roadside. There is also a 16- and 7-year-old small crowner, Kokanja, who is left in a line on the way and flies a horse at a glance.
In this way, we went deeper into the valley. On the 22nd, the Ronin and others moved to Kamiho. When I got there, Iida, the lord of the castle, who occupies 17,000 stones | Horiishi Mamoru, Horiiwami no Kami, ordered his subordinates to protect him from Ichidamura's Yuyazawa. There was also a notification that the bow was constructed and several cannons were installed there. The Ronin passed one obstacle and wanted another.
"We have been sympathetic to the people of Mito. In fact, we thought of your position, thought of the position of the Iida domain, and went along with us with the idea of ​​taking the labor of mediation. We are all three of Hirata | Atsutane's masters. "
In front of the executives of the Ronin and others, such rare people appeared. One of them is Kosuisha, an enthusiastic inspiration of national studies at Inaza Koji, and Inao Kitahara is his younger brother, Toyosaburo Imamura. One is a demonstrator who exposed the neck of the wooden statue to Sanjogawara before the shogun's first Joraku, Takauji Ashikaga, to Ina since that incident. It is Masaka Kurita who is hiding after coming.
When he was wary of spies while he was coming in, the Ronin side did not easily believe these three people. At that time, it was Michichu | Kakeri Tamura Unosuke "Tamura Unosuke", but Azanosuke asked as if he had come up with it.
"I'm asking you just in case, but I heard that Ina's Hirata Mikado is planning to publish" Ancient History ". How many volumes did that go?"
"That's it. Now it's progressing to the 4th | Chitsu. It's in the 4th volume, but the 16th volume" Maki "has already been released. I don't know, but it was Inao Kitahara of Zakoji who came up with the idea of ​​Ueki. This is Toyosaburo Imamura's older brother, "Masaka replied.
From this, the suspicions of the Ronin and others were resolved. The reason why the three of them wanted to take it out and take care of the mediation was that they wanted to encourage the Ronin and others to pass through the road and avoid a collision with the Iida domain. Masaka and Toyosaburo came to search for the intentions of the Ronin. Of course, even the Ronin side does not like fighting. There is no doubt that he would disagree with this proposal, which would not hurt the Iida Domain and would not hurt the Ronin side. No objection. Upon hearing this, the three of them also passed on this information to Inao Kitahara, who was waiting for Zakoji, and said that they would often negotiate with the Iida domain, and went home in a hurry.
On the 23rd, the Ronin and others moved to Katagiri. Dozens of villages are scattered on both banks of the Tenryu River in the valley from that area to Iida. Iwasaki | Nagayo, Inao Kitahara, Katagiri | Haruichi "Shunichi" and other central figures, as well as the disciples after the death of Atsutane Hirata are firmly rooted. Iida, Yamabuki, Tomono, Ajima, Ichida, Zakoji, and other enthusiastic apostles can be counted. This valley. It's no wonder that people like Kitahara | Brothers have risen up, unless they're silent now.
If you go to that Katagiri, the castle of Iida is also nearby. The castle of Horiishi Mamoru "Horiiwami no Kami" kept an immeasurable silence there and waited for the Ronin and others to approach. In that silence, it seemed that the military congress at the Imperial Palace, the preparation of the siege castle, the vigilance of important points, and other confusions might have been hidden. Should the clan decide on a siege, the city would be burned down immediately. The horror of the war was attacking the townspeople of all ages.
At night, Toyosaburo and his brother Inao Kitahara rushed to Kago's wholesaler, which was assigned to Takeda's main team, from the direction of Iida. At that time, Toshiro Yokota and Koshiro Fujita came to the reception on the Ronin side. The Kitahara brothers brought in the results of negotiations with the town officials in writing, adding that it would be ridiculous for the Shogunate to openly allow the passage of the road as the Iida domain. The document confirmed the three conditions on the left.
First, the Iida domain should withdraw from the defense of Yuyazawa.
Second, it is possible to add repairs to the road.
Third, to raise 3,000 military funds in Iida-cho.
"Are you a peasant in this area? I don't have enough people, so I'll bring you a spear."
"No, I'm a traveler, so don't let me accompany you."
"Yeah, don't say that, if you go to Katagiri's inn, I'll forgive you."
From Sawatari Village in Kamiina to Katagiri-juku, there was also a ronin companion's back shrine who brought a peasant to accompany him after such a question and answer.
Finally, as a result of the Kitahara brothers' strenuous laps, the group of Ronin who decided to pass the road has reached the morning of Katagiri's departure. Some of the Senpotai corps have already stayed at Komaba.
The Ronin of Shingari did not try to release the peasant who had been pulled from Kamiina. The peasant is in the prime of 26 or 7 years old and has a strong physique to carry luggage.
"Where are you?" Asked the Ronin.
"Are you me? My name is Kozo, the birthplace of Suwa Iijima Village. I went to Katagiri as promised. Now I have some free time. I will. "
"What is Suwa?"
Suddenly, the Ronin tied up the storehouse with an obi. Then I continued to speak.
"That person will take you to Tenchu, so be aware of that."
The Ronin brought out the peasant who was difficult to get behind to the nearby river. When Furuzo asks why "Tenchu" is, the Ronin tells him that "Tenchu" is to be decapitated. The unfortunate peasant trembled.
"Samurai, I'm not a suspicious person. Ina [#" Ina "is" Ina "in the bottom line] I was refraining from passing because I was on the way to the side. There is. We will be happy to assist you in the future, so please help us. "
"Well, then, that person will be entrusted to the regular army, so I'll give him a companion to the Hyoroukata."
The Ronin and others were in this condition even when picking up one person.
The corps are already passing through the road one after another. The road avoided the castle of Iida, turned right at Kami-Iida, and took it from Nosokoyama to Kami-Iida toward Imamiya. When we arrived at Imamiya, it was time for everyone to take a break and have lunch. Suwa's peasant warehousing, who was ordered to be accompanied by a regular army, was given a number tag with Iroha when he was resting with the Toseigusoku chest that came from Katagiri on his back. Wakizashi was also handed over. He told me that if I wanted to send a letter to my house, I would ask Hikyaku, and the Betto of the soldiers soothed and soothed this man in various ways. I told him that if he had to carry his luggage, he would ask other people to go to Kyoto with him. Betto noticed the man's escape and remembered to have a guard to stand for the small business.
When I heard that it was Kyoto, Suwa's peasant said.
"I also have parents in Kunimoto. Thank you for your patience. Thank you for your free time."
"Tenchu ​​is the one to say that."
It's a special complaint.
Through the road to Kiriishi, these Ronin corps went out to the main road of Ina. The Sanshu Highway continues there. To the place called Osegi, Inao Kitahara took the lead in guiding the Ronin and others. Yoshimitsu Kurasawa, a senior stock of Hirata Monjin in Ina, who worked behind the scenes in negotiations to pass the Ronin road, also walked with Inao that day. At the end of the day, the Ronin and others thanked Inao for his hard work and tried to give him a commemorative jinbaori to reward him, but Inao did not accept it because of the suspicion of the Shogunate.
Comrades of the Hirata faction gathered at Komaba, which was decided to stay for the day. Masaka Kurita and Makoto Matsuo (Matsuo Makoto) (Matsuo | Taseko's eldest son) are from Banno. Heihachiro Masuda "Masuda Hei Hachirou" and Sagenta Namiai "Namiai Sagenta" are from Namiai. In Komaba, there is also a doctor of the same class, Yamada | Bunku. At Komaba's house, which was assigned to Takeda Honjin, these people, who are familiar with the land situation, taught the Ronin the path between the mountainous countries where useless clashes with the small clan and daikan could be avoided. At that time, it is the people from Namiai who show that if they go through the Sanshu Highway, they have to compete with the Great Clan of Nagoya, and not only that the road is very terrible. From Kisoji to Nakatsugawa, there are some enthusiastic members of the same family, Seinaiji Hara | Nobuyoshi, Magome Magome Aoyama Hanzo, Nakatsugawa Asami Keizo, Then Minetani Hachiya Kazo Mystery is the one who came from Banno to show that they would all send sympathy to the people of Mito.
Via Seinaiji, to Magome and Nakatsugawa. It was decided that the route of the Ronin and others would be changed at that time.
"You guys-please turn back to Ichiri Kita. Turn right from Yamamoto and head toward Seinaiji."
Kakeru along the way touched the various corps about it.
To get out of the valley of Ina to the west end of Kiso, you have to cross the Ohira Pass or the Rikono Pass, or follow the path of Okuyama. .. For the time being to Kiso Shita Shijuku | It is also the way that the villagers of Ina 119 or the village are troubled as the work of Sukego or Daisukego. Inquiring about the mountain frogs that fall from the trees, the gnats that cling to the people of the traffic, the kumasasa that sounds in the wind, and what you find on the roadside of the cage Even in the daytime, the dark forest valley stretches over four ri, if not put out. Those who travel find the life of Soma, a few mulberry fields, and a cold land where rice grains do not grow. Dividing the deep mountains, the Ronin and others have to carry from the injured since the Wada Pass battle to more than a dozen cannons.
Three
Hanzo was in the Magome Honjin and waited for this Mito Ronin. It was late October when he hurriedly left Edo with Niegawa and Shoya in Fukushima, when the Ronin and other Nishigami were finally informed. At that time, his idea of ​​having to protect the villagers from the turmoil of the roads had already taken place. The attention of the people of each country was gathered at the time when the actions of the Mito people who advocated reverence and the events since the raising of Tsukuba troops were gathered. Sakakibara Shinzaemon》 It also drew the attention of many people how the Shogunate would handle more than 1,200 surrenders and more than 900 escapees, including Takeda Kounsai. During the time of nearly thirty days, Hanzo almost did the heart and fate of Hou Shishido (Matsudaira | Oi no Kami) who had fallen to the shogunate. I was able to hear it. It is said that Kounsai and others gave the opinion of political enemy Ichikawa Sanzaemon, and Shishido Hou died. Twenty-eight vassals who were subsequently sentenced to death, the same Mito clan | two "two", several servants who committed suicide with grief when they heard the seppuku of Hou Shishido, the one who died in this difficulty is forty. It is said that it reached three people. The tragic end of Hou Shishido-it had a great impact on Ronin Mito. It is said that it was when they heard that their feet, which bear the name of thieves, turned west. With the intention that "after all, the Mito family can't take the sword of the shogunate for a long time," the Mito ronin, who said that they had gracefully climbed the head, are no longer used by the shogunate. There were no people. There was only progress.
According to Hanzo, there is something surprising about this Mito Ronin swaying people's hearts everywhere. The ones who didn't come to Takashima Castle were so afraid of the Suwa Domain, and the ones who didn't like fighting were so much Takato Domain and Iida Domain. You will be afraid of. Because it's a life-threatening thing. Even if the samurai of the feudal lords who have been accustomed to Taihei for more than 200 decades reveal in front of them that the temperament of Shobu has already been lost, the verse should be set up as an indentured servitude. There is such a Mito ronin who is prepared to be killed on the one hand to show what the loyalty of those who are teaching to the people below is. From.
Even so, the movement of people who wished far from the bridge in Edo and Ryogoku in the direction of Ushitora was about to reach Ina Valley in just one month near Ichiki. Even so, it was unexpected. Speaking of Mito's scholarship, he was fascinated by him since he was a boy, and his heart is now when he liked the mystery of Toko Fujita's "Song of Sanity". But I can't forget it. It was unexpected to welcome the son of Mr. Higashiko, the son of Mr. Musuko, to this pass and his home soon. It was even more unexpected for him as a Hirata monk to come this way on the day he found himself in front of the last of Mito.
Separately, Hanzo joined the Ronin's party and had an old friend who was enthusiastic about it. Since Yoshiharu Kameyama of the same gate of Hirata became a small loader at Nakaminato on August 14th, the Ronin and others have been working until the end of November. It was only recently that Hanzo learned that he was in the army. When the route of the Ronin and others was finally changed and it was shown that they were heading from the Sanshu Highway to the Tokaido, and in fact it was decided to go to Magome and Nakatsugawa from Seinaiji, that old friend was sent from the team with a letter of staying at Magome on the 26th. That was clearly "clear" in a single letter. To that end, he heard the decree of the Mito faction and threw himself into the army, but he said that he had come to this day without any merits, and once he made a promise with Takeda Fujita and others, he was prepared to live and die together. It has been confirmed. It is said that he came to Iijima in Shimoina this time and was able to meet his senior, Masaka Kurita, who was in the same class. I ask for the section of staying in Magome, and I also want to talk about the old "Old" for the first time in years.
"Mr. Hanzo, what is this fuss about?"
Saying that, next-door inn | Tsumago "Tsumago" Honjin's Juheiji secretly came to see Hanzo.
At that time, Mr. Yamamura, the deputy officer of Kiso Fukushima, was also ordered by the Shogunate to send out solid soldiers to both ends of Kiso Valley. To the east, head to Sakurazawaguchi of Niegawa. To the west, head to Ohiraguchi in Tsumago. However, for Tsumago, Fukushima's gunnery guide | Shosuke Uematsu, a general, traveled with a group of five or sixty people to solidify the passage in Ina. It was. At night, he stretches a rope to go back and forth, attaches a bell to the end, lays down the guard, and keeps an eye on the surroundings while sinking the noise. Juheiji came to explore the state of Magome with the report of his wife.
"Mr. Juheiji, did you have anything to say from Fukushima?"
"Are you talking about the Ronin? I won't say anything to the main wholesaler."
"It looks like I have some idea, and I don't say anything to me. If this is normal, it's a shame that the Ronin riddle shouldn't stay."
"Well, Hanzo-san, Fukushima's husband, I'm hungry to ask the Ronin to avoid it as much as possible."
"Someday, the Ronin will take from Seinaiji to Ran and come out to Hashiba. I think he will come to my house from that point on. If so, I will be a traveler. I will welcome you. "
"I was relieved to hear that. It's safe to drop the Ronin from Magome to Nakatsugawa, and Fukushima's husband also wants it."
"Tsumago isn't worried. In that case, Mr. Juheiji, I have a request. I think tomorrow will be quite a mess. Will you come if Tsumago's convenience comes? After all, you're in a hurry, and I can't help it. Keisa got together at the meeting place and decided to do it all over the village. I'm taking a break. "
"Speaking of which, I would like to thank Hirata's masters in Iida this time. Your friends will do quite well."
"Isn't Hirata Monjin also recognized by Mr. Juheiji?"
At that time, a fellow inn who had been out to the village to allocate the number of guests also came back and showed his face there. Inosuke, the old man, is from Aramachi. The wholesaler Kurobei is from the pass. In Magome, most of the houses will be used as lodgings for ronin, and even around Manpukuji, they will take on as much as they can. Not only Hanzo's house as the main team, but also Inosuke, the neighbor's house, became an inn for the retreat on the other side, and took care of the accommodation for 21 people in the same group.
"Mr. Hanzo, then I'm sorry. I'll come back tomorrow when it's convenient."
Juheiji came secretly and secretly returned to Tsumago.
The scene inside the inn was suddenly changing. When it is known that a group of ronin from more than a thousand people will climb the Riko Notoge, there is something that escapes to the way. There are things that put various tools in the dozo. There is something that puts important notebooks and waist items for a long time and carries them to a person named Aono.
It is the end of November of the lunar calendar. On the 26th, winter-like rain began to fall from the morning. By the afternoon of that day, few girls and children in Magome-juku stayed at home. All of them ran away to the mountains and forests with the mystery of bonito flakes and dried bonito flakes. Even at Hanzo's house, the people evacuated to the back retreat with their children and maidens. In the hearth of the main camp, "Irori", only Eikichi, Seisuke, and other peasants who went in and out and Sakichi, the younger man, were left.
"My sister, Ane."
There was also a neighbor's grandmother who came to the dirt floor while calling out from the entrance of the kitchen. The old woman looked around and said.
"I wonder if you're alone. If that's the case, are you going to leave it here? I'm lonely, and if you go, I think I'll run away to Honjinrin together, so it looks a little bit. I came to see. Everyone is dawning in the mountains tonight. Besides, how about this nasty rain? "
Even the grandmother of a German person escaped.
Hanzo had a busy time both inside and outside the house. When I just wanted to welcome Ronin Mito to the post station above this pass, he went to the large hearth and came to see the state of the main building "Mist" from the back second floor. It was also with Zaemon.
"After all, this was a big fuss," Yoshizaemon said to his face. "It's been the first time since Kazunomiya-sama, who was in October of the first year of Bunkyu, passed by.
"My father, Tot, says that he will take care of that at Ochiai's inn," says Hanzo.
"It seems that some of the customers tonight are elderly people."
"It's a story, but it seems that there are more than 70 people in the Yamakoku soldiers' club. Takeda Kounsai and Tamaru Inaemon, both of them say that they are over 60."
"I've heard. Think that people can't look back at all when they're six or seventy. It's a great story, even though it's about life. "
"This time, the son of Professor Toko is also with us. This person, Koshiro Fujita, is still young. Isn't it surprising that he is one of the 23 and 4 generals?"
"It looks horribly precocious."
"Well, my father, Tot. If you ask me, if all the Ronin are young, I wouldn't go to Kyoto. I think I'll be prepared to be killed in the castle of Mito. I will."
"That's Hanzo. If you're just an old man, you can't stand up to Mt. Tsukuba from the beginning."
Father and son looked at each other.
Due to the refrain from the shogunate, Hanzo as the stationmaster did not openly raise the "Takeda Igamori-sama | Onjuku" onyado tag in front of the house, but he still put up a curtain like the main team at the entrance. I let you turn. He refrained from welcoming him openly, and tried to welcome the people of Mito to the outskirts of the inn with the elderly Inosuke and Kumigashira Shosuke.
"Mom, please."
When he tried to call out, Oman was careful about the area, tightening the obi tightly, and putting a dagger between the obi.
It's already the sound of a drum. Each unit stepped on the highway in order from the east, led by six horse-riding warriors and about twenty walking warriors, each holding a spear.
There was also one Iida merchant in this group who was taken hostage for the Ronin and brought in with a rope. The Ronin and others hear that this Iida merchant, who heard Bunshichi Sobaya, made money from 10,000 cars in the Yokohama trade, and spit out at least a few hundred cars of gain. For this reason, he was escorted from Ina with two guards. One of the ronin who sternly warned against the robbery of the army and refused to forgive those who violated it had this moxibustion technique. Whether or not to open this country toward Europe is a long-standing concern that cannot be resolved, and those who even think that trade that is allowed by the shogunate but not allowed by the imperial court is a selling country are of nativism. Not a few among the high Mito Ronin.
[# Page break]
Chapter 11
One
[# Indent from here]
"Aoyama-kun: With Hirata Monjin's inauguration" Hokki ", volunteers are about to gather at Iida" Iida ". This seems to be a good opportunity, so please invite you and join us. I want to go see you guys in Ina. We both have a magome with that heart. What about your convenience? Anyway, I'll visit you. "
[# Raise 4 characters from the ground] At Nakatsugawa
[# Two characters up from the ground] Keizo
[# Raise two characters from the ground] Kozo
[# End of indentation here]
It was about 17 days after the passage of Ronin Mito that two friends sent a letter from Nakatsugawa to Hanzo in Magome.
If you ask in the Nakatsugawa of Mino, the shogunate's revenge governor Tanuma | Genba no Kami's army chased to Ina Valley a few days later than Mito Ronin, but the Ronin and others I heard that he headed west from Seinaiji via Magago and Nakatsugawa, and changed the route from Iida. The governor-general said that it was only because the Iida clan left it to the Ronin army to pass through the road without any battle. The hardships of the Hirata Monjin, who helped the Ronin and others to pass through the road, including the Kitahara Inao brothers, have already been overturned. The elder of the Iida domain took the blame and septed, and the feudal lord who took care of the Sekisho in Seinaiji also seppuku at the same time. It is Iida after being so upset that Keizo and Kagura are going to visit, and Kazunomiya-sama is on the Kisoji route from Magome to Nakatsugawa. It was a time when they hadn't had a chance to talk with Magome's Hanzo about the passage of Mito Ronin, who is said to have happened since his wife's wife.
"How is it? If you want, let's go out."
Kazo left the wholesaler's house in Nakatsugawa, and Kagezo, who lives in the same town, called out from the gate of his residence. There are many scholars who come from Kyoto to hide themselves or stay for a while-for example, Naito Yorizo, Isoyama Shinsuke. 《Isoyama Shinsuke》, Hasegawa Tetsunoshin 《Hasegawa Tetsunoshin》, Ito Yusuke 《Ito Yusuke》, Futaara Shiro 《Futarashiro》, Higashida Yukizo 《Higashida Kozo》 The main team is as deep as it is. Also, in the summer of the second year of Bunkyu, a group of Choshu Hou from the Edo mansion broke through the Kiso Kaido via the Kiso Kaido, the Kobu Gattai, which had been the clan's theory, and the voyage abbreviation. Approximately | It is also a deep house of the venerable "Yuisho" who held the Nakatsugawa conference to try to make a big change in direction to "Joraku".
"How about, Mr. Kakura, is it snow around Ohira Pass?"
"Now, I wanted to do that too."
The two friends first evaded these words. I also wanted to make Keizo. Let's go to Magome for the time being, and it is Kazo who wants to surprise Hanzo together. Despite their age differences, the two are old friends, Hirata's fellow students, and the relationship they saw when they went out to Kyoto and stood in the whirlpool of many political changes. At that time, the two of them did not bring a companion man, and on the way, they had a light feeling that it would be enough to have a straw hat on the umbrella, and while wearing their favorite kappa, they went out of town from the afternoon. Distant. However, considering the case of arriving at Iida and going with the people of the same class, it is necessary to prepare to hang it on the shoulder with a crested haori and a hakama or a furoshiki wrap. I didn't forget the souvenirs for the main team.
It is not so far from Nakatsugawa to the western edge of Kiso. In the meantime, there is only one Ochiai inn. What Mino does is from Ochiai to the Jukyokutoge, and from there it goes to the border of Shinano. Looking at the horse rents at each station from around the end of the year, which was six and a half times higher, when the two were young, the horses that passed between the stations, "Honma" 55 sentences, and "Keijiri" Jiri >> Thirty-six sentences and twenty-eight sentences for humans.
Mito Ronin and others were divided into Magome and Ochiai for one night, and had lunch at Nakatsugawa, and on the 27th of November, they passed west. After the Kitahara brothers made an effort to pass through the road in Iida, it was in this region that Seinaiji, Magome, Nakatsugawa, and the Ronin and others followed their ties. It was under the mystery of Hirata Monjin and others. On the one hand, there was a reluctance to the shogunate, and on the other hand, there was a concern for the local people, and the hardships of the Hirata monks were not the same. Everyone in the same family, both in Kiso and in Tomino, was strongly impulsed by this incident.
After passing by Ronin Mito, various things remained. It was also when Keizo and Kagura were bothered to call from Nakatsugawa to Inabaya in Ochiai, and one of the Ronin, Toshiro Yokota, asked him to bury a top-class burial in astringent paper. , It's still raw in their memory. This is what I brought with me in astringent paper wrapped in the war dead at Wada Pass. It was also at that time that his father, Toshiro, presented it to them, saying that his second son, Tosaburo, was the leader of the 18-year-old man. After consulting with Kazo, Keizo secretly buried it in his graveyard during the night. Toshiro Yokota was one of the three Hirata ronin in Mito Ronin, along with the Chief of Staff Yamakokuheibu and Kameyama Yoshiharu.
There was also such a story about the actions of the Ronin and others. Some of the peasants in Shimohara Village escaped after the turmoil in the vicinity of Shimosuwa after the Wada Pass battle. There is also an old mother on her back who was on the floor for a long time. For some reason, while escaping to Yamate, my mother was carried on her back and said that she couldn't bear the pain in her abdominal muscles. In my mother's words at that time, I can't blame anyone for such an old man, he's a young man, and I don't have to look at any worries, so hide yourself quickly. The peasant who was told that, wondering how he had abandoned his parent and escaped there, and when he was caring for his mother with the mystery of the old straw mat, the two who just came there. It was about to be discovered by the Ronin. The peasant replied that he was refraining from a seriously ill old mother, as the Ronin said that you would be ours, guide me if there was a temple, and that they would like to pay the lord's neck. I refused to accept the ceremony. When the ronin told me to attach my servant to my old mother, I couldn't refuse the peasant. The destination I was guided to was the precincts of Raigouji, which is about three towns away. The Ronin chose places here and there. I opened the fan and put the leader I brought on it. To worship and say, I never dreamed that I wouldn't be able to carry out my martial arts in such a place. The lesson of the army, I said it to a living person, saying that it shouldn't happen, and I sank on the dark soil. I pulled out the dagger and put the leader deep in the soil. Then the Ronin returned to his place and gave the man who had guided him a dagger as a reward, but the peasant refused to accept it. Originally, he refused firmly, saying that the weapon riddle was unnecessary for the peasant's body. In that case, the ronin said that he would give medicine to his sick old mother, and while throwing Ginichi Zhu there, he ran away to Shimosuwa with his servant-like companion.
Everything in the land where I heard this story was struck by the attitude of the Mito samurai. Despite all that horror, there were quite a few who liked the Ronin.
Kagezo and Kazo went to Ochiai's inn and met a young man at a certain town corner. Inabaya's son, Musuko, Katsushige, Katsushige. Katsushige, who had been in Hanzo for a long time and was a disciple of Magome Honjin, returned to Ochiai's home from the spring of that year and started apprenticeship as an elderly person. Has reached.
"Mr. Katsushige has become a good son, Mr. Musuko."
They stood in front of Katsushige, looking at his forehead, which still had bangs, as if there were no words to describe his astounding power of growth, and asked him various things that would change. .. Recommended by Katsushige, the two decided to send time to Ochiai for a while. Both of them intended to stay in Magome on that day, and it wasn't a rush road. Not only that, I also saw Katsushige's father, Gijuro, who was known as the elder of Ochiai Village, because they hadn't had it since the passage of Ronin Mito.
When I stopped by Inabaya, the rumors of the Ronin were endless. Katsushige's father wasn't alone when he saw the faces of Keizo and his colleagues, who said that the section entrusted with the child's head by Toshiro Yokota would have been surprised at Inabaya. The next morning, the ronin who seemed to be heavy executives gathered from Magome to Ochiai, and the merchants of Nakatsugawa | Yasubei Manya and Risuke Yamatoya went to this Inabaya. It is Katsushige's father who calls and tells the story of the innocence of 200 Kinsu.
"I heard that story, too," laughs Keizo.
"But the world is going around," said Kagura. "Mr. Yasubei, who made a lot of money in Yokohama trade, is pulled out in front of Ronin Mito."
"That's Mr. Yasubei," said Gijuro, who used to be a senior citizen with a temperament. I picked it up. Then, you, the ones related to the raw silk trading, came out with a discount and brought them there with 200 ears. "
"I wanted to see the response between Mr. Yasubei and Ronin Mito," says Kazo.
However, on the other hand, it was beyond imagination that the Ronin and others would tighten the military rules, and it was discovered that there was a Tosa Ronin who stole the eyes of the executives and robbed the private house. After chasing the man from Ochiai camp to Sangozawa, not far from Ochiai camp, he finally sent the man to Tenchu, and left one Kaneko as a treatment for the man's escaped peasant family. It is also this Gijuro who tells me that he went.
"No matter what, I was scared when the same group pushed me from the Magome with a sharp spear and a sword."
Gijuro said that, the son was a son,
"I left what Koshiro Fujita wrote to my family. When I was told to put a big sword by my side and write something, hold down the paper. This hand trembled unintentionally. "
"Katsushige, bring that and see Mr. Asami and Mr. Hachiya."
The Ronin and others left various << various >> keepsakes wherever they went. Deputy General Tamaru Inaemon left the armor and one-sleeve of the black thread 縅 "Kuroito Odoshi", saying that it was a special thank-you to Keizo. It is an egg-colored habutae in a bag with a white linen back, and is accompanied by a generous handwritten thank-you letter.
"It's like leaving something behind for Magome's main team," says Gijuro.
"I don't think it's a trip back anyway."
Keizo's answer.
At that time, Katsushige took out Koshiro's memorial from the back while looking youthful. In the eyes of Keizo and others, the sword was pulled out and the garment of the enemy king was pierced. 》 Was on the paper. What's more, with an aged handwriting that doesn't seem like a 23- or 4-year-old youth.
[# Indent two characters from here]
It ’s okay, Touhi, it ’s just Yuhisube, and Izukunzoshi Fukusenya.
[# Raise two characters from the ground] Shin Fujita
[# End of indentation here]
"By the way, where did the Ronin go?"
There are rumors between Keizo et al. And Inabaya's parents and children.
I knew that the subsequent Ronin passed through Mino and entered the country of Echizen. However, the news after that is not clear. According to the information that Hikyaku brings to Nakatsugawa and Ochiai, the wanderers who left Nakatsugawa on November 27th avoid collisions with the Kano domain and the Ogaki domain. , I heard that the Hikone clan "Hikonehan" was dispatched to the key points around Tarui, Akasaka on the Honso Kaido, and then turned the road to the northwest and headed for the Nagara River "Nakatsugawa". It seems that it has passed. It is said that around the 4th or 5th of December, he had already crossed the steep road of Haeboshi Toge, which is the border between Mino and Echizen.
"There is a Krayami pass in front of that fly hat pass," said Gijuro. "It's a terrible pass, and I'm told that it's going to go through the darkness between Sanri, so it's popularly Kurayami. I hear that there is deep snow, so the Ronin would have had a hard time."
"It's a painful trip."
Katsushige also said.
Soon after, Keizo and his colleagues left this Inabaya and left Ochiai's inn. From Nakayama Yakushi, take the Jukyoku Pass and go out to the new teahouse, which is already the neighboring country. The road where the soil appeared in the snow gradually turned white. The roadside Oishi, which showed a sharp angle, was also wet with snow, giving the two people the feeling of the entrance to Kisoji.
On the 5th of December, the first snow came to Nakatsugawa and Ochiai. On Magome Pass, which was said to have had heavy snow that night, the post station itself was already hibernating. Even if the snow on the south side melts, the north side does not melt, and even the wooden roof with stones seems to be a mountain house, and the two friends who went from Nakatsugawa were waiting there with Hanzo and his family members. I got together.
This trip to Ina made Hanzo terribly happy. After the passage of Ronin Mito, the work on the highway that year apparently did not just end. The stimulus left behind by the Ronin did not keep his mind quiet. It's about time I heard that Hirata Monjin in Ina have begun to come and go since the passage of the Ronin. Hanzo, along with his two older friends, couldn't help but go to see the people of the same family in the valley of Ina, even if he stepped on the snow on the Ohira Pass.
At Magome Waki-Honjin's store room, three people who were looking forward to the next morning's departure gathered in the Kotatsu story, which was the first time in a long time. Hanzo's father, Yoshizaemon, also came to say hello with a brown sleeveless "sodena" and a haori coat, and started rumors about Mito Ronin.
"How was the Nakatsugawa?"
"Well, Kakura-san, Magome, unlike you guys, let's refrain from the Tsumago next door. People on business trips from Fukushima stiffened Ohiraguchi. It was a big fuss. "." Says Hanzo.
"No, no, the people in Fukushima's house were in a hurry at that time," said Yoshizaemon again. "Later, when I opened the military baggage, I went to Sakurazawaguchi with only gun balls, and to Ohiraguchi again with flame glass (gunpowder). Well, we are not the only ones who are glad to have dropped the Ronin safely. From that point on, Governor Tanuma | Genba no Kami will follow the traces of the Ronin. In addition, it was a fuss here. There were about a thousand people in the same group, and all of them were in the army's camp, and prepared one gun with a sword, one by one, and the day after the Ronin stood, Ina. It's a rumor that you'll be chasing after staying at Hirose Village on the road. As you know, I was a ronin's inn at home, so I was terribly worried about what would happen. Only the longevity of the load has come, but at last Hou Tanuma did not come. I was relieved at that time. I heard that the Iida clan is rumored that the elder was hungry. In addition, even the Gosekisho number on Kiyouchi Road ... "
Yoshizaemon put his old hand on his knee and sighed deeply.
After my father avoided his seat, Hanzo took out what was given as a thank-you gift from the executives of Ronin Mito in front of his two friends. Takeda, Tamaru, Yamakuni, and Fujita's poetry strips "Tanzaku", Kozakura Odoshi's armor one-sleeve "Kachukatasode", and Kameyama Yoshiha There is a song that Ru >> left behind, especially under Hanzo. A fellow member of the Mito Ronin is a reminiscence of Iida and Magome.
[# Indent two characters from here]
The inside of the hail eggplant is over, but the foot of the piece "Koma" that can't be helped "Yamamoto"
Some people see the fluffy autumn leaves of Miyama as Yamato Nishiki of Shikishima.
There is no way to serve you on the shores of Iida, where Yatsukaho is swaying.
The mountain family is a place where people can live.
I wonder if there is a dwelling in the floor of the grass pillow night boar
One is a god who has an innumerable body.
Yatsugatake on Mt. Kiso, Fumikoe, a corpse that grows in the grass, Yukamu and Zomofu
[# Raise 7 characters from the ground] Kaji
[# End of indentation here]
"Kameyama left behind a song that is unique to Kameyama. It's a song of a person who loves it."
When Keizo says, Hanzo puts his hand on the kotatsu while placing his hand on it.
"In the midst of that turmoil, I talked to Kameyama all night. However, the guards took turns burning the swords, and the ones in the village were the ones in the village, and I was wary of the inn. The turn of the fire came around, it wasn't like I could sleep easily. I was also excited, I was up alone the next night, and it took me one night to rewrite the old choka. . "
At that time, Inosuke, who played the role of an elderly person, could see the hearth of the house with the errands of the villagers, so Hanzo was going to tell Inosuke about going to Ina and ask him to be away. I removed it. Then, when I returned to the store room and looked at it, Keizo and Kazo were recommended by the people and went to the bathroom "Furoba" to warm their bodies. ..
"Hanzo, I don't have anything, but I'll give it to the customer. You see, the customer is a lot of fun. Children are happy as long as they are lively."
By the time my stepmother said, the shoji screens in the store room were also dim. The maiden came down the lantern "Andon".
Eventually, as a lesson in such a land, Hanzo recommended Yamake's sake to his two friends, substituting the top of the kotatsu board for the dining table.
"It's fun, it's fun," said Kozo, looking at the people who brought their hearty home cooking to it. "In front of my wife, we rarely get close to three people. When Hanzo and I were together, Keizo went to Kyoto. With Keizo. At that time, Mr. Hanzo was out in Edo. Well, today was the first time in a while, and I returned to the feeling of having three desks lined up at that old man's house in Kansai. "
"When the three of us get together like this, I really want to talk. No, it was a really great year. Various things went away in a year."
After the meal, Keizo said such a thing. At the end of the day, Izumi Maki's suicide on Mt. Tenno and Sakuma Shozan's suicide in Kyoto were all events of the year. Both the renowned Joi theorists and the port opening theorists have become deceased in the same way. At that time, the story of the three fell to the people of Mito.
Sonno is the flag that was raised by Ronin Mito. According to Keizo, it was the movement of Izumi Maki and others who originally attempted to connect Sonno and Sonno and bring about new momentum from the tight bond between the two, and this was the Shogunate's profession and foreign ministers. It is clear that he was outraged by the irreverence of the royal family and mourned the decline of the royal family. It has become. Sonno is Sonno, Sonno is Sonno-Sonno is a distant ideal, and Sonno is a diplomatic issue for the time being. However, that Maki Izumi had the sincerity to connect it. There was enough enthusiasm to lead the scholars of each country ahead of the masses. That person is no longer there. The movement of reverence has, in fact, already lost its central figure. Not only that, he was born in the family of the shrine officer of Chikugo Suitengu, and was supplemented by a priest of the Kyoto Gakushuin. Even so, in this country, which continues to have the enthusiasm that has shaken the generation of Yamato's theory of Yasuomi, and will continue to turn the combined fleet of the United Kingdom, the United States, France, the Netherlands, and Shikoku, which consists of 18 ships, in the future with the theory of respect. Whether it can push through difficult situations. Perhaps the time has finally come when we can think of the separation between Sonno and Sonno. This was Keizo's opinion.
Keizo said.
"Why don't you think that the people of Mito will be the last ones because of their respect?"
"But Keizo-san," said Kazo, taking over the story of his older friend. "That Kameyama Yoshiharu riddle doesn't think so."
"Kameyama is Kameyama, we are us," says Keizo.
"Such Keizo's opinion comes from the actual life in Kyoto. I think so."
"Look at that, I'm sending people to England who say that Shunsuke Ito and Inoue Kaoru are around the Choshu clan. That was around last year. It is rumored that the stowaways of those people are quite meaningful. That is the people of the Choshu clan, who were known as the leaders of the British sect. "
"The world has changed."
"Well, if you ask me, Mito isn't the only one who is still waving his respect for him. That's what they are really honest about. "
The season of chestnuts on Mt. Kiso has already passed, and it is too late for grilled rice with a blue scent. Until then, Hanzo had placed his hand on the kotatsu and listened to the story of his two friends, but the small grains of Shinano persimmon that seemed to remain on the dead branches until the snow came frosted. I took out the ripe mystery there, and while sipping hot tea with Keizo and Kotatsu, I was about to spend a long winter night behind the lantern "Andon" in the store room. From his point of view, whether or not to accept Europe was a problem for many contemporaries, and it was assumed that Atsutane was a master until that day. However, this is a problem that seems to have suffered. Speaking of foreign countries, it is no longer the time of the ancestors who had to deal with the Netherlands alone. Even so, there must be some reason why the Edo Shogunate has insisted on opening the port despite the opposition from the Kyoto people. It is hard to say that the officials of the Shogunate had such a foresight. Indeed, in the Ansei Man'en era, there were people like Higo Iwase. However, it is a very rare person, and most of the officials of the shogunate say that it is a Western-style affair like a circle of the Joi family around Kyoto. Those people have been sticking to the opening of the port. Can this only be said that the threats of foreign ministers were forced into a harsh attitude? Fortunately, the reverence of Ronin Mito was mentioned, and Hanzo brought the mystery to his two friends.
"There is also such a theory," said Keizo. "Because the government is alone in the interests of foreign trade, it makes me so noisy. If it's a year, I'll calculate what I'll get in a year. After deciding the amount and making a fair distribution to each clan, big and small, from the upper one "Kamigo Ichinin" to the vassals of the various clan. I may not have been so happy to complain all over the country. Now, you have said that. "
"Isn't there a way for the government to monopolize the interests of foreign trade?" Kagura smolders.
"But it's interesting because it's rumored that it was the British minister, Earlcock, who tried to advise government officials by saying that," Keizo said again.
"No," Hanzo took it over and said, "When I say that, I have a lot of things to think about."
"Yokohama also allows a large Yukaku for foreigners," adds Kazo.
"You can tell by thinking about that Namamugi compensation," Keizo said. "Look, where do you think you can spit out a fortune of £ 100,000 in this painful government process? Shouldn't the Shogunate officials stick to the opening of the port?"
The silence continued for a while.
"Mr. Hanzo. When did the theory of jōi become noisy in the first place? You see, the official of the Shogunate was colluding with a foreign merchant, and he gave a concubine to the British minister. There was a time when I was told noisily. "
"Well, even in the great battle of Sonnojoi, the interests follow. Everyone has thought about the influence since the opening of Yokohama Port. But Sonno is similar to a kind of religious movement, and it is a success or failure. Isn't it something that came from a mindset that was out of your interests? "
"It's true until today, but what about the future?"
"Well, go west and see. Whether you're a lord or a samurai, it's surprisingly practical. You're not as particular about things as the people of Mito."
"No, since I went to Kyoto and came back, your story has changed."
There was also such a story.
That night, Hanzo told the house's thing to lay the bed of his two friends on the store room, and he also arranged pillows in the same way and continued talking while sleeping again. Rumor has it that the former teacher, Kansai Miyagawa, who left Nakatsugawa and went to the Ise region, which has a deep connection with national scholars, to move to Kyoto with the intention of moving to Kyoto with a house in the Edo area. Hirata, the teacher who says there is a rumor of "Kanetane", and it's hard to talk about it on the pillow. Hanzo took a trip to Edo, and Kagezo and his colleagues brought up the story of Kyoto, and while forgetting the passage of time in the story of sleeping, the first chicken rang.
Two
"You say that Sakichi will accompany you to Iida."
The people said that and came to Hanzo, who was wearing a new straw shoe while bending his hips at the end of the song. Keizo and Kagura were welcoming the morning to Ina because they wanted to do it too.
"I think the horses bound for Iida are commuting," Hanzo says, tying the strings of the straw shoes.
"Kesa has already loaded and passed."
"It's okay if you only have a horse."
"After all, it's a bad road and you're having a hard time."
Hanzo received an umbrella from such people. In addition to his master's luggage, his younger son, Sakichi, carried the potato-baked rice cake "Imoyakimochi" baked in the hearth that morning on his back. I wanted to do it all. I went there.
On Magome Pass, where the snow that fell freezes without melting. Even the little girls in the village wearing monkey haori gather on the road that has been treaded on the snow, and they are playing with their faces in the most enjoyable season of the year. In the appearance of a lovely light bowl "Karu-san", carrying a pickaroon "Tobiguchi", using the sloping traffic road, from early in the morning, among the boys who are eager to slip on ice There is also Sota, whose family is Hanzo.
Hanzo left the mountain pass with his companion, looking at the whiteness, coldness, and depth of the Enayama mountain range, Keikoku, on his right hand. The police box of the officials from the Owari clan for the purpose of protecting the forest of Mt. Kiso is located in Ichikoku Tochi (abbreviation, Ichiishi). This is the so-called Shiraki Bansho. The smoke rising from the roof of Bansho is also deep. The area continues to the mountain behind Magome Pass, and eventually leads to the vicinity of Otokoshideyama, which can be said to be the entrance to the large Kiso Valley. In a slightly cramped area of ​​this terrain, the Araragi River is falling between the frozen granites, showing the momentum of the avalanche that swept away the avalanche. Wow. It is one of the tributaries of the Kiso River. There is a bridge in front of Tsumago, and there is a passage to Ina.
The old days of the valley of the Araragi River are not known in detail. However, it is possible to imagine the footprints of a long time ago who went from Owari Mino to Magome Pass to Ina | Suwa. There you can also find a large stream of primeval forest dominated by silence and loneliness that seems to be centuries long. Orchids are villages along this valley, nestled in the mountains. It is also there that all the villages look up to the forests for the main capital of their lives, and show their skill in the handicraft industry, which is a specialty of Kiso, from generations to generations. The scent of Hinoki cypress that is made there, the warm winter Shimizu that travels between Ishigaki, and the dog that can be heard far in the snow. And the voice of a chicken. For a while, Hanzo and his colleagues rested at a place that could be called a mountain house.
When you reach that point, the Seinaiji Road, where Mito Ronin has advanced, is also nearby. Speaking of the barrier of Seinaiji, it is the gateway of the mountain "Yamaai" where the guards are sent from the Iida domain on business trips. At the time when a group of ronin from more than a thousand people rushed in, if the Iida clan allowed the passage of the road, it would be okay for the person who keeps the Sekisho on Seinaiji to do it. Even if you think about something that is not, it is a matter of excuse. The rumor that Sekisho, who shared the fate with the Iida clan's elder, was seppuku, was still very raw for Hanzo and others.
The road is divided into two from the orchid << Araragi >>. The right is Seinaiji, and the left is Hirose and Ohira. Hanzo and his colleagues took the road to the left. Occasionally, it appeared in dark grove such as fir, cypress, and cedar, and sometimes in the road between chestnuts and other dead miscellaneous trees. Then, I came out to a position above the Kiso Pass where I could look back from the valley of the Araragi River to the village of Hirose. The snow supported by the Tokiwagi, a branch and a branch, made a terrifying noise and collapsed along the roadside where Hanzo and his colleagues were stepping on. Black trees, slopes of white snow-what we all see was the mottled skin of the winter mountains.
A little after noon, Hanzo and his colleagues arrived at a small village on the Ohira Pass. In addition to traveling things, there is a resting teahouse where you can always stop by the horse-shaped mystery that goes back and forth between Nakatsugawa and Iida with a load. It was Keizo who first took off his umbrella and tried to rest his feet in the furnace. Both Kagura and Hanzo tried to warm the tip of the snow-soaked socks by squeezing them with the straw shoes.
"Which one would you like to serve with potato shaobing?"
Sakichi said, and took out what was in the furoshiki wrapping that came from the magome on his back.
"If you eat in the mountains, you won't be able to eat it."
I also added.
The dead branches in the furnace burned vigorously. Some potato-baked rice cakes lined up on an iron ferry near the fire. For a while, everyone was looking at the burning fire, but then the shaobing was burnt to a good color. When you break it, you will see the scent of buckwheat flour and the fluffy white taro cub. Grated radish is a must to eat this. Sakichi asked the teahouse's grandmother to add a grated locust to the hot shaobing, and if recommended to her husband and customers, she would cheek herself.
At that time, * [# "Kusakanmuri / 稾", 171-13] A hunter wearing a hood and carrying a gun stood in the dirt floor.
"Come on, take a rest."
The one who calls out is the old woman who makes the sound of washing the small bowl "Sarakobachi" in the sink of her own mouth. Hanzo was in the furnace and asked.
"Are you around here?"
"I'm sorry. I'm Seinaiji."
It is the answer of the hunter who dropped a mountain bird of prey << prey >> there with a gun on his shoulder.
When I heard Seinaiji, Hanzo left the furnace and stood toward the man. When I look at it, I also carry a hound that has been rolled up on a sharp-eared tail. With his sharp nose, he immediately smells the scent of shaobing from the furnace.
"It seems like you're asking something strange, but you're not familiar with the story of Sekisho," Hanzo said.
"What do I know?" The hunter replies, * [# "Kusakanmuri / Minoru", 172-6], taking off his hood.
"You must have heard of that Sekisho number."
"Yeah, that story. I don't know the details. Anyway, when Mito Ronin came, Iida's samurai and a couple of thirty Ashigaru teams came out. The hunter changed his mind, saying, "I think I was stuffing it in the sekisho. What should I do with such a small group? It seems that the passing things can pass, and that samurai also silently looked at me." , "I was shooting guns every day, walking all the way through the mountains, and I heard later that the Sekisho keeper had died. That's right, you, the old lady of this teahouse, are more detailed. I'm dealing with such a dog, but the old lady here is dealing with customers. "
Around nightfall, Hanzo and his colleagues entered the castle town of Iida. In Iida, where Ronin Mito was to welcome Hou Tanuma's revenge army in this region after passing through the road, he arrived at the place where he made a fuss again.
The circumstances of seppuku by the Iida domain's elders were unknown to the Shoya wholesaler from Nakatsugawa and Magome. However, Hanzo and his colleagues could almost imagine the tragedy by looking at Hatagoya in this town, which has a deep connection with the Kiso region. When a person faces a fierce fate, he must hit it by himself. Why did this elder have to face such a destined destiny as a clan's heavyweight? According to Hanzo et al., The authority of the shogunate ministers became stronger at that time, and they tried to reach the foreign clan like Iida, who had the authority to do anything and did not reach the high 20,000 stones. From the point of view of its strong authority, it can be said that the Iida domain has withdrawn from the defense of Yuyazawa. It can be said that it is nothing more than a repair of the road. It can be said that the riddle that Iida-cho promised Mito Ronin about 3,000 military funds is still a riddle. However, even on the day of the Tozawaguchi battle, he did not approach the Wada Pass and did not try to save the struggles of both Suwa and Matsumoto. It is the governor-general of the shogunate who followed the ronin.
Anyway, the death of this Iida feudal lord pushed Hirata Monjin scattered in the Ina region with a strong force. Originally, the Iida domain did not try to avoid the battle from the beginning. The military congress of the Imperial Palace was decided on the siege, and if the Ronin came, the city would be burned down and it was expected that it would become a war-torn street, so it is unprecedented for the town of Iida. This is because it was the Inao Kitahara brothers who came up without seeing the turmoil of Elephant. In the written opinion that Inao had his younger brother Toyosaburo submit to the local clerk and the daikan, the ronin and others were passing through the territory of Takasaki and Suwa Takato. Therefore, it was acknowledged that only the territory of our Iida would not be a shame. With that, Toyosaburo rushed to Iida Castle, which was in the middle of a military congress, and the county magistrate Koori Bugyo secretly invited him to another room and entrusted him with his efforts to pass through the road. On that foot, Toyosaburo also met with a town official in Iida. If the efforts of the Kitahara brothers can save us from the disaster of the war, there is no happiness in the town, and the town officials will bear the burden of the 13 towns. At that time, the next day, he offered a meal to the Ronin army and offered to pay 3,000 military funds. However, the procurement of this money was delayed, and some of them chased the Ronin army with only a thousand of them, but it was doubtful whether the money could be safely handed over to Takeda Fujita and others.
"It's terrible to blame this."
The voice inspired people in the same family in the Ina region. One after another, the ones who were merciful to the death of the elders and Sekisho guards who should have known the responsibilities of the samurai better than those who were above and questioned the responsibility of the Iida clan came out one after another. 》 It's a time when flowers and incense sticks are constantly in the new graveyard. It was at this time that Hanzo visited the Ina Valley with Keizo and Kagura.
The Kitahara brothers and others tried to save the town of Iida from the unprecedented turmoil by making efforts to pass through the road between Mito Ronin, but it was never vain. In the strict sense, after the death of Atsutane Hirata, there were 36 students in the valley of Ina, but at the end of the year, there were 23 candidates for beginners in this region. Increased credibility and sympathy.
At that time, the research on Atsutane, centered on Yamabuki, such as Haruichi Katagiri, suddenly became lively. The distribution of the 31st volume of "Koshiden" by Inao Kitahara and others, which was planned by Inao Kitahara and others with the enthusiasm to reward one-tenth of the national grace, was even more smoothly joined by the disciples. Give fruit of cooperation. Like Yoshimitsu Kurasawa of Ono and Yoshiyuki Kurasawa of Seinaiji, Nobuyoshi of Nobuyoshi, in the sense that the first step of denial of the Middle Ages is placed in religious reform, the exclusion of Shinto and Buddhism | Some are heading to Kyoto together to advocate the revival of Ko-Shintō.
With this momentum, the people of the same family in the Ina region plan a commemorative project for big ancestors as a national scholar, trying to realize the dream they have on a daily basis. Was there. The day after Hanzo and his colleagues entered Iida, all three of them gathered at a volunteer house in the same gate in the town to take part in the consultation.
It is necessary to know the position of Hirata Monjin here. Few of the samurai class were interested in Atsutane's theory, and most of them were Shoya, Honjin, wholesaler Toya, doctors, peasants, and tradesmen. Atsutane Hirata was already a doctor, and his teacher, Motoori Norinaga, was also a doctor. It is no coincidence that Hanzo's former teacher, Kansai Miyagawa, was a doctor in Nakatsugawa.
Among them, Shoya and Honjin wholesaler can be seen as representing Hirata Monjin from Tomino to Ina. However, it must be remembered that the position of the Shoya wholesaler headquarters at that time had a deep and local relationship with the public and private territories in which it was located. For example, the region where Keizo and Kozo were born is the Bishu territory. One side of the region leads to the Naegi territory across the Kiso River, and the other side continues to the Iwamura territory across the undulating terrain of the hills. Owari's elder | Naruse is in Inuyama, Takegoshi is in Imao, Ishikawa is in Komazuka, and others | Yagami Mr. Mouri, Mr. Mori, and Kukuri, the nine people, all have their residences in the same country of Mino, and are given a meal. In other words, the Shoya in Nakatsugawa is obliged to pay only the villager's annual tribute rice to Mr. Yamamura (Daikan of Oshu) in Kiso-Fukushima, but in other relations, the territory of Oshu, which is the best of the three families. It is in the territory. The power of the Edo Shogunate does not directly reach the region. The territorial relations between Tono and Minamishinano are naturally different, but the positions of the Honjin wholesaler Shoya mystery, which is registered there, are somewhat similar. The Ina region, which is divided into several public and private territories, was the nursery of Atsutane researchers, such as the main territory of the Bishu flag in one place and the so-called kerria territory of the small feudal clan, which is a so-called alternate territory. , By no means a coincidence. For example, the shogunate's cautionary figures such as Masaka Kurita, the Kurasawa family of Ono, the Maesawa family of Tajima, the Matsuo family of Tomono, the Kitahara family of Zakoji, and Iida. It is only in the valley of Ina that you can crawl and eat and hide, such as the Sakurai family in Iida or the Katagiri family in Yamabuki. Also, for example, Hasegawa Tetsunoshin, Gonda Naosuke, Ochiai Naoaki Naoaki and other scholars can come and go to the Kurasawa family in Ono to hide. It was only in this valley that it was possible.
The time has come for a promise to gather at a volunteer house in the town. Hanzo tied his hair to Iida's hairdresser like his two friends, and left Hatagoya together while enjoying the firmness of the pure white and new Motoyui. It was the end of the many years of the first year of Genji, but it seems that it will come to me to keep pace with my friends and go to something useful for the adults I admire on a daily basis. It didn't seem like an opportunity. Even while walking with three people, Keizo is the oldest and the most balanced shoulder on the left and right. When I come with Kagura, I let him speak on his left shoulder, which he lifted up, and while walking, he squeezes it and shakes it. Compared to these two, the breathing is younger, the bones are thick, and the wide shoulders are Hanzo's. In the town that goes too far, he said that a man's sword is also preferable, but he did not come across a woman's "Hitomi" who looks into this from the deep table, but the three of them are like that. I didn't even notice that. Hanzo and his colleagues took a solemn path that they rarely stepped on because of the gathering of the day.
Build a new company "Yashiro". Kada no Azumamaro, Kamo no Mabuchi, Norinaga Motoori, Atsutane Hirata, and the spiritual era of the four adults of Kokugaku are placed. Select the location of Jozan (commonly known as Koedayama) in Yamabuki Village, where you can see the valley of Ina in a panoramic view. Taken over from the owner of the mountain, he founded the new shrine in an interesting pine forest with branches.
The fact that this fun idea happened during Yamabukisha, centered on Hirata Monjin Katagiri Haruichi, made Hanzo and others happy first and foremost. A wooden building that should be built on an independent mountain. A new shrine to worship the four old men. It is a good commemorative project that should be passed down to the younger generations of Hirata, and it is a symbol of the dream of reconstruction and rebirth that they sincerely demand. For some reason, it is the great achievement of these four old men that gave them a revelation to a brighter world and taught them to discover in the ancient times of a healthy national character.
On that day, a heavyweight member of Yamabukisha came to a volunteer's house in Iida and asked for help from the people of the same family who gathered there. There can be no objection to this commemorative founding project, even those who attended there in the form of half-customers, such as Keizo, Kazo, and Hanzo. According to the explanation of the students from Yamabuki, this is because Haruichi Katagiri wants to make it one of the businesses of Hissei, and Yamabuki is responsible for selecting the company site, taking over the pine forest, and supervising the construction work of the shrine. Undertake throughout the company. It has not yet been decided whether this should be the Joyama Shrine, the Joyama Reisha, or the Kokugaku Reisha. I would like to decide the company name based on the opinion of Master Hirata | Kanetane. In addition, it is said that the four adults, Mitamashiro, intend to look up all the relics of their predecessors from the Hirata family, and Haruichi Katagiri is so enthusiastic that even if you look at it from the outside, this founding project It was said that they had started.
The face of the day was also rare for Hanzo and others. Even though I often heard the name, people of the same family living in Iida who had no chance to see each other gathered there. Komaba's doctor Yamada | Buniku, Namiai's Masuda Heihachiro and Namiai | Sagenta's mysterious face can also be seen. Makoto Matsuo (the eldest son of Taseko), who is a relative of Shinseki, also came all the way from Tomomo to Keizo. Although it follows the same trend after the death of his predecessor, the work he has done in the past of the four adults of Kokugaku has connected so many disciples.
At that time, there was a person who came from one room to the place where everyone was gathering and hit Hanzo's shoulder.
"Aoyama-kun."
It was Masaka Kurita who called out. Hanzo was also able to see this person's safe face in a rare place. Masaka, who seems to be sneaking up in the world after coming to the valley of Ina and hiding, is truly a senior when she sees them all gathered together. Kurasawa of Onomura | It is an old stock that led Yoshiyuki to the lecture of Hirata Kanetane for the first time and created a chance to sow the seeds of Kokugaku in Kita Ina.
"The world has become more interesting."
The voice that no one said, and the new joy that no one said and showed, was read on the face of the troupe. The consultation that the ones in Yamabukisha brought was, so to speak, the announcement of the inner ring "Uchiwa", which was only a rough outline, but if this attempt to establish Joyama Shrine is for people of the same country. What kind of surprise and sympathy would you be greeted with if you became known during the period, and how much you would be pleased with the master iron sword in the direction of Daiichi Kyoto.
"Mr. Kurita, why don't you join us at our inn?"
Hanzo invited Masaka with two friends. That night, I parted from Makoto Matsuo, who was staying at a relative's house in Iida, and walked together at Hatagoya.
As Masaka remembered,
"Aoyama-kun, I'm living in the Matsuo family now. I've been indebted to you when I came from Kyoto. At that time, I walked through for two days and two nights until I reached Nakatsugawa. I didn't feel comfortable living at all. I will never forget that it became a nuisance at Asami-kun's absence home and Aoyama-kun. "
The place where Hanzou's former teacher, Kansai Miyagawa, asked for the "hidden" of his old age after repatriating Yokohama was also Banno, and it is also heard that this senior is living in the Matsuo family in the same village. Speaking of strange things in my ears, it was strange. When I came to Ina and asked, it seems that the old Kansai man had a very bad time for a few years in Banno. There was also an old story that the Yokohama trade took the initiative to quarrel with the old teacher, and because of his haunting habit, he often quarreled with Matsuo's son, Musuko.
"I would like to tell the story of Professor Miyagawa, who went to Ise."
"Because it's that old man, if you know that a shrine will be built in Yamabuki to celebrate Hirata-sensei's mystery, you'll surely fall in tears."
"Is it too much joy? Well, people say a lot, but I've never seen a person with as much tears as Professor Miyagawa."
Among the three friends, there was a rumor about an old teacher about something.
After returning to Hatagoya, Hanzo and his colleagues surrounded the rare guests and sent them together that evening. When one piece of Masaka is added, the three people lean out on their knees and draw out various stories later. When the custom-made sake came and the exchange of sake cups began, Masaka first went to Agura.
"Which one do you do with rude lectures? Yes, that Magome's main team made me messed up in the storehouse overnight. At that time, Aoyama put sake in the gourd" Fukube ". I brought it with me. I have never drank such a delicious sake before or after. "
"Well, don't say that, just taste Iida's sake," says Hanzo.
"In front of Mr. Kurita, what on earth are Western scholars doing now?" Said Kakura.
"Mr. Kazo has begun to decide again," laughed Keizo, "You are a person who sometimes surprises you by saying something out of the ordinary. Maybe it's because you're thinking about one thing all the time."
"But I can't help thinking of Kurofune," said Kazo again.
There is nothing. What these two older friends said to them was also a scene inside Hanzo himself. Even he couldn't laugh at Kazo, who said he was thinking about one thing.
"Well, you, Sakuma Shozan, who went to Kyoto this summer and was slashed, is a Western scholar on one side," said Masaka. "That person probably went to Kyoto through Kisoji. Didn't he go to Aoyama-kun's house to rest or stay?"
"No, I was just out of the office," Hanzo replies. "That was the time when the wild cherry blossoms in March finally fell apart. I came back from my business trip in Fukushima and learned about it."
"Hachiya-kun."
"I was in Kyoto with Keizo. Elephant Mountain is also a saddle, but with the reputation of being called by the shogunate, he brought fifteen or six servants to his treasured beloved horse. Western | When I got in from Matsushiro with a saddle or something, the Kyoto people were eye-catching. "
"Maybe. It's about Elephant Mountain, so I guess I went there with enthusiasm. But that person was imprisoned for nine years in the case of Yoshida Shoin. Didn't you say that you were yourself? Do you know the world without leaving the door? Any knowledgeable and versatile celebrity, if you do not leave the door for nine years, the situation in Kyoto will be dark. You see, I was killed in March before I was able to get up and running. No, Kyoto is a scary place. Even if I know it, I don't know how many times the situation has changed dramatically. "
"There are also such circumstances," Keizo took over Masaka's story and said, "It was probably before the Ikedaya incident that Elephant Mountain was cut. Hey, Kazo-san, that's right. You did. "
"Yes, yes, everyone was upset."
"I think that was when there was a plan to dedicate a portable shrine to Mt. Hiei before the soldiers of Choshu surrounded Kyoto. There, Elephant Mountain was in the form of 600 stones from the Matsushiro clan. There is a rumor that he will come and visit Yamashina-no-miya and meet Yoshinobu, and conspire to move to Hikone. It seems that this is something that was glared at by a group of volunteers when it got in the way. "
"Well, if you were such a celebrity, I would have liked to have more light wrapped around you," said Masaka again. "There is something in common with Western scholars today that they asked me to look at me. He is in trouble. But when he becomes a person like Xiangshan, he says," The East is moral, the West is art (technical). (Meaning) ”. It seems that he had a lot of Orient. Well, I think it would be reliable if there were only Western scholars like Xiangshan, but if you come with people who are all about Western studies, Even if you look at it from the outside, it's really heartbreaking. Look, it's the current Western scholars who are willing to say that such a oppressive government like Tokugawa should be defeated. When I think that it comes out of people's mouths, I am lonely because I am a scholar who is hired by a foreign-related translation mystery and says that what I eat and what I wear is only from the Shogunate. If there is something that rushes into what it is like to crush Tokugawa, it doesn't matter, it doesn't matter if they use the shogunate, it's not that people are saying that it's great. This is just that you know the horizontal characters, for example, it's the same thing as letting you fix it because it's a leather work, it's like a Western scholar trying to fix it, lords are messy. I can't do that, fortunately there's a leather craftsman here, so it's no different from being told to do it. Break it down, but we don't want to be the leader on our own-why, you, this is the saying of a fairly knowledgeable Western scholar. Why should the shogunate be defeated sooner or later? For the time being, I'm just looking at it because there's no one to beat it. I also say that. I'm lonely even if I just think about the current Western studies that make me say such irresponsible things. It doesn't matter what happens to the peasants and the townspeople, where in such an academic discipline is enthusiastic |
With the younger Hanzo and others in front, this sensitive and honest senior rubbed the faded kimono collar 《Eri》. It's as if you're feeling the sickness of your body.
"Hanzo-san, please come to Banno with me anyway. Matsuo's son, Musuko, said to invite you and Kazo-san. That person was with Masaka Kurita. Together, I went one step ahead of my son. "
"Is it okay to push so many people?"
"Well, it's not a house that would bother you if you rushed in three or four people."
"I've come all the way to Iida, so I'd like to attend a journal club in Yamabukisha. I'd like to hear about Atsutane research in that company. I don't have a good opportunity like this."
"That's what I'm doing. I'm going from Banno to Yamabuki."
The next morning, Keizo and Hanzo exchanged this word.
The day in Bannomura, which was invited by a friend like this, was unforgettable for Hanzo. He got a guide to visit the nearby Hirata Monjin at Matsuo's house, and also found Itoguchi, who travels with unknown friends of men and women along his favorite waka poem. At that time ｜ Taseko Matsuo, who went in and out of the Iwakura family in the morning and evening with the treatment of Mr. Iwakura, who lives in Rakuchu, gave his sincerity to Kyoto ｜ The flight was also rare in Hanzo.
In the sky of the valley of Ina, on the day when the snow flickers again, Hanzo found his hand with Kagezo and Kazo returning to Nakatsugawa. The reason I kept Sakichi as a companion until that day was because I had the ambition to send my two friends. He remained alone in Ina. After that, he was fascinated by listening to "Yoshio Shu", which can be called the Atsutane Study Group in Yamabuki, and there were people in the same class who wanted to visit here and there. Iida finally passed the year because it was difficult to pass the Ohira Pass because it was snowing four feet deep overnight.
This small trip, however, helped to open some of Hanzo's eyes as a Hirata monk.
"Mono no aware" can be directly in the heart of a person. "
What is this superiority that the ancestors say? At that time, this upper generation was not something he had been thinking about. It was not in the so-called ancient times in the world. So to speak, that is the first generation discovered by adults Hirata Motoi. Born in the samurai era since the Middle Ages, he was struck by the exotic society of one of the roads, and made a noisy name such as Jinyoshi Rei Takashi | While standing in the air of a feudal society, what only adults Hirata Motoi could explore in this dark world is the best of all. The great achievements of creation by the great seniors as national scholars are not in the teaching of returning to the ancient times, but in the discovery of the new ones.
When I went to that point, Hanzo was able to think of the new old as being linked to the ever-advancing "near" and "yo" of human intelligence. This new ancient age can only be obtained by shedding the shell of all-powerful power like the Middle Ages. It can only be obtained by returning to the upper generation, where there were only kings and people in this world, and starting again from that starting point. According to this interpretation he arrived at, returning to ancient times means returning to nature, and returning to nature means discovering new ancient times. The Middle Ages must be thrown away. I have to welcome the coming generation. I want to somehow overturn modern life and start something completely new. It was this small trip to Ina that he came to think about. And by the time he was about to cross the Ohira Pass and go home again, some of the quick-moving people of the same family had the theory of Honji Suijaku and the gold womb. He shouted for the defeat of both parts and saw that he had already embarked on the reform of the ancestral funeral. The burning of the suspicious Buddha statue, which seems to have completely mixed the gods and Buddha, was about to begin here and there.
Three
It was March of the second year of Genji. As the snow in the valley of Mt. Ena began to melt, the Magome post station at the foot of the mountain also came to life. Ise visit departs. Nakatsugawa merchants are coming. Villages such as the traffic of the people of the inn villages, inexhaustible consultation, bidding for the sale of forests, the founder of Manpukuji Chuko | No one was waiting for the season. Every year, the activity of the highway, which has been in a state of hibernation for a long time, begins after the equinoctial week. It was around that time that travelers from all over the world were welcomed on this road.
The spring of that year was especially awaited by the shogunate who revived the Sankin-kotai system. The shogunate was Rōjū Mizuno | Mamoru Izumi, who had already reached more than 10,000 stones from around the 25th day of the New Year, and used 300 lords as servants. I was trying to shake the curtain very much.
Along with rising prices, it became difficult for daimyo to travel. The wages on the way along the way were also increased, and there was an order to increase the wages by 50% from March of the first year of the Genji era to February of that year, but from March of that year until February of the dragon year. It has reached a 50% increase for three years. That's a 100% increase. It was a sight to see whether the families of the daimyo would obey the orders of the Shogunate and take the path to Edo again until they took the difficult journey.
In the air of this highway, Hanzo welcomed one of the seniors of the same family who have been acquainted with him since he went to Ina to Magome Honjin. Kurasawa of Ina Onomura, who came to know from the introduction of Masaka Kurita. Yoshimitsu, who left his hometown in early February of that year, returned to Kyo-Osaka after a meaningful trip of about fifty days.
Joraku, the essence of the essence, had been rumored for some time, and there were many people in the same family who had a great deal of hope for this senior Kyoto ｜ souvenir.
The essence is in Osaka, from Ise and Yamato to Senshu and then to Miyawada Shirakawa, who is hiding there. Iwasaki | I met with old friends such as Nagayo, Takayama, and Kawaguchi, and then went out to Kyoto and immediately visited the Shirakawa family, and Jingi Hakusuke. He spoke to Sir Kuni and made an appeal for the role of Shieki, obtained his hearing, and was ordered to be a local servant of the same family. While he stayed in Kyoto, he had fellowship with Fukuba Bisei, Kuninori Ikemura, Kazutoshi Ogawa, and Harumichi Yano. It was the Nest Shikibu and others. He said that he had a place to go back and forth with these scholars to talk about national affairs and plan together. One day, he happened to meet his old friend, Kondo Munekuni, and secretly visited Shinagawa Yajiro, who was hiding in Higashiyama Chorakuji Temple. It is said that the Choshu clan got to hear the cause that pioneered the debate. The traffic with these priests was the source of the shogunate's suspicion, and he felt a danger to himself and suddenly left Kyoto. After arriving at Yawata, he visited Zenroku Nishikawa, talked about the whereabouts of the surviving men after the Ashikaga wooden statue incident, and took a detour to the Shogunate | Detective. It was said that he was able to return home after about fifty days of wandering, avoiding the eyes of "Tantei".
The story of the trip that this senior stopped by on his way home attracted Hanzo's attention in many ways. It is said that the senior Hara of Seinaiji, who was sought after before and after the meditation, and Nobuyoshi Nobuyoshi served the Shirakawa-den of the Shinto priest and was supplemented by the bachelor of the road. It is said that he was ordered to be a local servant, and the connection between the Shirakawa family and Hirata Monjin, who had a connection with the lords of Dojo, who had been appointed from the local area, added to the intimacy. , Was one of them. One of them was getting in touch with people in the west who care about ancient studies. It was one of them that I found out that Hirata Moromoto was in Osaka, a senior Iwasaki Chosei, who could not forget until after he left Iida in 12 years. However, what attracted Hanzo's attention more than that was that, after all, there was a place where he would come and go with the scholars who had the aspiration of debate and plan together.
Such seniors first entered Mito's scholarship, but after becoming acquainted with Masaka Kurita, they abandoned Yoshikawa-style Shintoism and Confucianism, and were not only enthusiastic about pure ancient studies, but also Atsutane. He is a person who has read the main theory of martial arts, felt the need for martial arts, and learned the swordsmanship of the one-sword style. Yoshiaki Matsuzawa, who told the way while peddling when ancient studies weren't in the valley of Ina, and Kanno, who is proficient in waka poems and Nogaku, teaches it to everyone. Chosei Iwasaki, who was born in Kofu and said that he spread ancient studies, was the pioneer of the Hirata school after these two people. Of the four seniors in Ina at that time, if three of them, Haruichi Katagiri, Inao Kitahara, and Nobuyoshi Hara, represent the South, then Yoshimitsu is said to represent the North.
"Mr. Aoyama: This was the first time for me to be alert."
This is the word of this senior who left it at Hanzo with the impression of a cheek beard that one who saw the prosthesis once could not forget.
Hanzo looked around. The story of the trip was also in my mind. It was defeated by the first flag of Yamato Gojo, defeated by Ikuno Silver Mine, then defeated by the siege of Kyoto, and then stumbled upon the raising of Tsukuba troops. Although he succumbed to the advance of the Choshu expeditionary force to make the retreat governor, it did not seem to be a defeat movement that should be sighed as it is. What is the main point of this momentum?
When I hit that far, Hanzo wanted to take a step back and think about it. The peasant is considered to be unthinkable on a daily basis, and his personality is considered to be unspeakable. Standing under, at least he is a redneck against the peasants. A person who would stand up with the spirit of Kusunoki would come to the last generation of the Tokugawa clan and hit the current Tokugawa clan as if he had defeated Ashikaga in the past. If there is, as long as the person is a samurai who is prone to overconfidence in his own power, it is inevitable that he will look up from below and think that he will only repeat the second Tokugawa generation. It wasn't done. No hero promises to respect the will of the people when it happens, but once he has power in his hands, he has never respected the will of the people. The reason why he takes himself to such a place and thinks about it is that those who have suffered from the power and power of the samurai are none other than themselves. It's not the words of Toshihei Shoya of Tsumago, but I didn't have to worry about it from the beginning, no matter what the peasant or the people were. so……
As I continued to think about it, I thought that Hanzo had the influence of Mito's old siege on the essence of a senior who was one era ago. This is because Mito's scholarship is, in short, samurai's scholarship. This is because the samurai scholarship is probably a mixture of Han dynasty. For example, some people in Mito preach that they have the power to take control of Kyoto and command Tenshi to the world like a strong man. Even if it is an unavoidable word from Gaisei, it is a samurai's idea to squeeze Tenshi, and it can be seen from Atsutane's disciple. I couldn't argue that it was probably a mixture of Han's intentions.
The samurai-centered time is finally passing away. The fact that the senior Yoshimitsu had a plan with the scholars of the West also said that if it was not something that would completely renew their lives, it would be a substitute for Mr. Tokugawa. If only, it was far from the medieval denial he learned from the adults of Hirata Motoi on a daily basis. From that heart, he was invited to an indescribable sorrow.
The peasant of Suwa, who was taken by Ronin Mito to the west as a human foot, came back to the Kisoji Highway.
Suwa's peasant came along with Magome Waki-Honjin, took out a copy of the book from his travel pocket, and asked him to act as an agent for his master. The writing was written by a town official in Tsuruga to a wholesaler on the highway, and was written in Suwa, Iijima, Iijimamura, and no lodging at that time. On the right, he passed over to Echizen about Mito Namishi, but after investigating, he acknowledged the meaning of allowing him to return to Japan next time because he has no details. As for the expulsion section, I have given money as a pocket money, but if there is a shortage of road banks on the way, I admit that I should take care of it at a wholesaler on the highway. I have it.
Hanzo immediately read the meaning of the peasant's question. Takeda Kounsai and below, when the execution of Mito Ronin had already been heard, along with the expulsion of Suwa's peasant who brought the note to himself, an incredible number of Ronin executions. That came to his chest.
"My husband, I passed by my house on the 27th of November last year, with a spear."
It is a greeting from the storehouse.
The peasant of the trip stands at the front door of the main team and bends his hips in the corner in front of the wide board. Hanzo was about to finish his lunch, but when he heard that he was still in front of him, he claps his hand from the front door. He called his house and told him he wanted a simple meal for the traveling peasant.
"I knew about this book," Hanzo said, looking at him. "Well, I have a lot of questions to ask. I can't talk at such a front door. There's nothing, but just take out a cup of chazuke and turn to your own way."
While holding his hand, he came around from the front door to the hearth. I sat down on the straw as it was.
"It seems that the people of Mito have also become great."
When Hanzo said that, the last thing of the Ronin and others leaked from the mouth of Suwa's peasant. On the second day of February, there was an investigation by the general at Honshoji Temple in Tsuruga, and on the fourth day, twenty-four people, including Iga Mamoru Takeda, were guilty of death. It was. From the 5th, I was gradually called to find out what was taken as a human foot as well as the warehousing. The warehousing was in the sixth dozo, but at that time, he was pulled out by Shirasu, and from the 5th to the 10th, he was asked a different question. Of the ronin, 134 were beheaded on the fifteenth day and one hundred and thirty-three were beheaded on the sixteenth day. In doing so, the 17th was the anniversary of Toshogu's death, so he pulled a lottery and asked if he would help or not to help those below him. However, he asked me to help him. There, Furuzo and his colleagues were summoned to Honsho-ji Temple, where they were untied in front of the gate and read the book. Then I went down in front of the official, tied my hair in front of the gate, was called again, and received the last word of exemption. The written note that was read aloud was pulled down by pressing the nail mark "Tsumein". At that time, it is said that there were 76 people who were banished as well as the warehousing.
"Goodbye," said Furuzo, counting only his colleagues born in the country. "Similar to me is one from Shimosuwa's inn, one from Saku-gun's inn, Unsuke, one from Wada's inn, one from Matsumoto, and fourteen and five from Matsushima inn in Ina. It was a person. Goodbye, goodbye, there was also one from Miyagi Miyagi of Takatoo. After all, you, I will leave Ina in November of last year, so it is difficult for me. It's been a long trip and I've made my body a little worse, so for a while it's become a nuisance to the temple in Tsuruga. Well, it's like I've taken my life. "
The people told the younger daughter to carry the rice bowls and the meals to the top.
"What happened to Mr. Kameyama?"
When the people say that to Hanzo, don't hesitate to ask him to drop it, and while sitting there, pull out the rice bowl, and use the boiled mystery of the mountain warabi from the cage as a vegetable. I started to serve cold rice "Hiyameshi". While looking at the peasant's stubborn hand, Hanzo said that he was a servant of the Ronin with a spear.
"Did you hear about Kameyama | Yoshiharu, who is a small loader? That person is my old friend."
"Hey, I'm with a regular army and I'm a soldier, so I'm not sure, but there seems to be no one who was helped by the heavy man. As I said, I have been ill since I was banished and stayed in Tsuruga for a while. I know a little after the 17th of last month, but on the 19th as well. Sixteen people were beheaded on the twenty-third day. "
"Finally, did that Kameyama also live and die with Takeda Kounsai and Fujita Koshiro Mystery?"
Hanzo met the people.
Oman, Seisuke to his younger son Sakichi gathered around Suwa's peasant to hear about Ronin Mito. Everything that works for this team looks back on the horrifying feelings of the rainy day of November of the previous year.
According to Furuzo, who went out of order, the most difficult part of the group of Ronin was the Flies Hat Pass on the border, out of several difficult places to cross from Mino to Echizen. It is said that it was the time when he went to "Haeboshi Toge". It snowed every day, and the horses were probably thrown away there. The luggage was carried by the Ronin and others, and the warehousing was also burdened with a sword with a gun ball, but it was really a burden and it was difficult. It was an extremely difficult place, and I was finally able to cross the pass by sticking to a tree branch or hanging between rocks. The five villages in that area have been burned down and there are no houses. I spent the night in the burnt scars with a field camp. There is a shortage of troops, and the chills in the snow are unbearable. There were many people who accompanied the warehousing, and it ended there. Since then, it has been snowing every day, and the pass is covered with many layers, and when I finally reach Imajojuku on the Hokkoku Highway, I can't remember the days before and after, and there are no townhouses left. There was a paint on the storehouse, and no one was running away. However, only the food was put out in front of the house, and when I asked for something to be careful of the fire, it was posted. By the time I left Imajo and crossed the pass, deep snow buried the Ronin party. We went to Shinpo Village, which has about 40 houses, and all of them were almost stuck. At that time, the ronin were already in the enclosure, including the Kashu | Kaga domain, and a large army of various domains.
According to the story of the warehousing, he witnessed a senior member of the Mito Ronin, accompanied by three or four companions, all wearing plain clothes and going to the Jinya in Kashu. It was said that the Ronin and others would come to Kyoto in plain dress from Kashu and make every effort to fulfill the plea to Kyoto. After that, there was support from the Kashu people on a daily basis. He sent me a lot of rice, vegetables, boiled beans and so on. Since the brewers suddenly became free time, they decided to use fire, fire, and other errands, and if they washed the rice, they also carried soy sauce to each corps. It's been ten days since December, and when it was decided to leave all the weapons possessed by the Ronin to Kashu Hou, Deputy General Tamaru Inaemon and Chief of Staff Yamakuni | He said that it was a pity to hand over the weapons, and told the whole army to make a decision to survive the next day's dawn at eight o'clock. , I woke up from around 9 o'clock to cook the troops, but at last Kounsai's opinion was that all the spears and swords in the Ronin army were handed over to the other party. Around the 25th and 6th, they all moved to Tsuruga in Echizen on the lap of Kashu Hou. The number of people was divided into the three temples there, and the Kashu people added a side dish to their morning and evening meals, and sent a bottle of pickles and sake every day during the day. With towels, socks, and other items, he gave medicine to the sick and went on a business trip to a doctor to apply expensive medicine, but many ronin died of illness at the temple.
The 27th day of the New Year was the day when the Ronin and others left the hands of Hou Kashu and were handed over to the Shogunate Governor Tanuma | Genba no Kami. On that day, Kashu gave a liquor appetizer to all the Ronin, and after the hospitality was given to the brewers, Kashu's elder | Jinshirou Nagahara came to the words. So far, I have made various efforts in the usual way, but I couldn't reach anything and handed it over to the public side, so I was told that I had to refuse it. The captains were not surprised when they heard it. Some say that they should be seppuku here, and some have a grudge against Kashu. Some of the ronin who decided that there was no reason to be treated, even if they were treated once, wrote poems of death poem and read songs. A group of eleven people was sent to the storehouses in a basket, and the destination was in the dark storehouse from No. 16. It was decided to leave all the purse "Kinchaku" and pocket items in possession. Handcuffs and legcuffs were waiting there for the warehousing ...
Seisuke looked at Suwa's peasant and said.
"Why did you come to offer such a service from Ina to Tsuruga in Echizen?"
"Well, I don't know how many times I wanted to escape to the country. I'll have some free time, and every time I say I'm sorry, it's Tenchu, Tenchu. But, it's strange, and every day, while carrying a spear, carrying luggage, and listening to the captain's story, in the end I feel like going to the place where these people go. became."
"Did you mention the Wada Pass? If you were in the Ronin, you would have heard the story of that battle."
"Goodbye. It seems that the battle in Suwa was quite difficult, and he said that he would have been embarrassed if he had one move now. Because it is a thing, I finally defeated it, but I received a story that seems to have been a very difficult battle. "
Even if you wait until the end of the month when April comes, there are few daimyo in the west territory that come out of the country. From the young lords and wives of Echizen, Owari, and Kishu, to the maids and princesses of Hizen and Inaba, to the Recession of Satsuma, those who once rushed back to Japan via this highway. It's hard to imagine a daimyo's family taking the road to Edo again and bustling the city at the bottom of the recession. Slightly on this highway, on April 27th, Mino | The maid of Naegi passes through Edo, and the day before, Hirosaki, the lord of the castle, who stays at Nakatsugawa and goes east | Tsugaru Hou It's just the passage of "Tsugarukou".
However, the post station in Magome was not quiet. It was rare for the daimyo to take the path of change of worship again, but from March 22nd to April 7th, Nikko | Due to the congestion of our traffic, Hanzo continued to sweat hot with his neighbor, Inosuke, an elderly person. The Shogunate held the 250th Anniversary of Toshogu Shrine on Mt. Nikko on April 17th, and welcomed the Honorable King and various priests from Kyoto. Gyo, Ometsuke, Kanjo-bugyō, and Nandogashira were all in attendance, and the Tendai sect was gathered to read all the Buddhist sutras. At the time, even the year was changed to the first year of Keio, and he tried to commemorate the 250th anniversary of Toshogu. Even if you see an official carrying 1,500 gold from the Owari family on a business trip to this highway and buy up a thousand people depending on the day, how big the passage is. I know if it was. The Owari riddles of Narai-juku passed through the Magome Pass on a daily basis. Ina | After the day when Sukego came out as many as 500 people, the day of the messenger's passage continued to the extent that it was necessary to prepare for 5,000 people through Suhara.
As this congestion subsided, the story of the Mito Ronin incident began to spread to the world in various ways. The truth of the events that made so much noise along the roadside cannot be buried so secretly. The tragedy of Yoshishi Mizufu, which began with the tragic end of Hou Shishido (Matsudaira | Oi no Kami), has finally become known to the world.
Some sensitive sights flickered in front of Hanzo. When the rumor that Takeda Kounsai's troupe passed through Nakasendo in military armament, engaged in various places along the road, and chased westward, it was said that it was related to himself. It is said that it was Yoshinobu Ichihashi, the governor-general of the Kyoto Guard, who immediately went on a business trip to Goshuji and asked the imperial court to go to the chinbu. The morning meeting also accepted it. Hitotsubashi Chunagon left Kyoto and settled in Otsu on December 3rd of the previous year. Kanazawa, Odawara, Aizu, and Kuwana clan soldiers followed suit. It is said that the Takeda group arrived at Imajo in the meantime, so the detectives of the various clan were like weaving day and night, and it was a very rare turmoil. Around the 10th of December, more than 2,000 graduates of the Kashu Kanazawa clan first arrived in Tsuruga with the life of Hitotsubashi Chunagon, followed by more than 700 of the Kuwana clan, more than 1,000 of the Aizu clan, and Tsu. More than 600 people from the domain, more than 1,000 people from the Ogaki domain, and 700 people from the Mito domain arrived at the port. In addition, the Fukui Domain, Ono Domain, Hikone Domain "Hikonehan", and Maruyama Domain were dispatched to key points on the roads, coasts, and mountains, and were led by Jinshichiro Nagahara. It seems that a graduate of Kashu took the lead. It was beyond the imagination of Hanzo and others that the group of Ronin Mito was in the enclosure of such a large army, and the fields and mountains were almost filled with graduates of various clan.
Takeda Kounsai heard that Kashu soldiers were in the village of about 20 towns far from the new inn, and sent a book to the Kanazawa clan's camp to state Nishigami's intentions and the soldiers of the various clan. He said he was not hostile to him and wanted to pave the way for everyone. It is said that the reply from Kashu at that time was as shown on the left.
[# Indent two characters from here]
Letter ｜ Show "Hiken" and "Sorou". By the way, because of the pleading, there is no delay in passing through, and there is no need for a close battle with the lords of the outside world. Is a strict order of the Ichihashi Chunagon Hall, and is a lord of the lord who should end up in a battle. In addition, it is expected that the section of the battle will reach the news in the future. It's like a good news. that's all.
Child << ne >> December 11th [# 7 characters up from the ground] Kaga Chunagon
[# Raise two characters from the ground] Jinshichiro Nagahara
Inside the Takeda Iga Mamoru
Hikonoshin Ando
[# End of indentation here]
Sometimes the snow was a little over, the ronin and others were eating, and their power was weak. The Kaga domain sensed that and said that it was not their intention to engage with something that was pressed by such hunger and cold, and on that day, 200 bales of white rice, pickled squid ten | barrel, sake two | stone "Koku", * [# "Fish + 昜", 198-14] "Squid" 2,000 pieces were sent to Takeda's team. At the same time, he also sent a war book to engage in battle in anticipation of the coming 17th day of dawn. However, Kounsai sent three generals, including Koshiro Fujita, to the camp of the Kaga domain as messengers, and asked Jinshichiro Nagahara to visit him. Jinshichiro felt the attitude of Koshiro and others who showed sincerity by throwing the sword there, and returned the messenger by answering that he should consult with the group. Then, Kounsai came to the Kaga domain's camp alone this time, so Jinshichiro said that I would recommend one person | one person, and asked for Kounsai's return for the time being. So Jinshichiro went out. At Takeda's main camp in Shinhojuku, a fence was tied at the entrance, a spear cannon was installed, and 300 gunners extinguished each fuse, and thanked him for this Jinshichiro. Welcomed. It is said that Kounsai welcomed Jinshichiro wearing a white haori coat, a sword, and a straw horse. Jinshichiro kept the soldiers he led outside the camp, and when he went to the entrance with the guidance of Kounsai alone, there were 25 executives including Yamakuni Hyobu, Tamaru Inaemon, and Fujita Koshiro. All of them were greeted without wearing a big sword. That time. Jinshichiro was also struck by the attitude of the Ronin and others, and was surprised at the sight of the disciplined camp, and finally overturned his fighting spirit. He said that he would deliver his wishes, and answered Kounsai to that effect, and after receiving a petition and a disposition letter dedicated to Hitotsubashi Chunagon, he left the company. The next day, Jinshichiro left the camp of the Kaga domain before dawn, drove his horse to the main camp of Umezu, Omi, and dedicated two documents to Hitotsubashi. In the petition and the disposition, the Tsukuba soldiers were originally accused of the shogunate by the praise of Sanzaemon Ichikawa and others. He stated that he could not bear regret as a vassal's feelings if he seemed to perish, and also from the meaning of pouring indignation for the dead Shishido Hou. He added that he had left the country, and all of them expressed that Nishigami's affairs were nothing but the spirit of reverence.
The story left by Suwa's peasant warehousing on the passing day was also thought of in various ways by Hanzo. At that time, he also thinks that there was a flow of two things in the Ronin army. It is said that Takeda Kounsai gathered the generals and elaborated the deliberation when the Kaga domain's Jinshichiro Nagahara responded that he was going to fight for the first time. It was just when I sent a messenger from the Choshu clan, went to the country of Iwami via Wakasa and Tango, and recommended that I come to Choshu. Although the Yamakoku Hyobu is the oldest member of the Ronin army, his spirit surpasses that of the magnificent, and he insisted on going to Choshu. In the words of the soldiers at that time, if I got to enter the San-in Expressway through the road and reach Choshu, it would not be difficult to blame the cause of reverence, but now I plead with the Kashu domain. It's a shame to do something like that, but rather he said he wanted to make a decisive battle. However, looking at Kounsai, it was not his intention to fight against the Kaga domain, which accepts the forerunner of Hitotsubashi. The difference in position between Tamaru and Fujita of the Tsukuba group and Takeda who joined from Tateyama also appears there. Fujita et al., Who started out of rebellion that "after all, the Mito family can't take the sword of the shogunate for a long time," and Yoshinobu Ichihashi, who respected the name of respect until he got tired of it, entrusted his life to the false charge of Hou Shishido. It wasn't always the same from the beginning as Takeda, who thinks it's not enough to get rid of "Enzai".
In any case, the fate that reached the end of Mito Ronin was not limited to the fact that Hanzo and others had victims such as Yamakokuheibu, Yokota Toshiro, and Kameyama Kaji out of the Hirata gate. For some reason, most of the scholars who opposed the domestic and foreign administration in Mito of the Shogunate were wiped out, and many of the meaningful children who learned from the hometown school in Mito territory were destroyed. Because it means that. Mito was all fast. It was also early to chanting the cause for the lords of the feudal lords. As a result of fierce party struggles, it was quick to sink from the times.
Hanzo learned various things through this incident of Ronin Mito. There has never been an event in which the attitudes of the feudal lords from Kanto to China were clearly shown. He was also amazed at the tremendous rebellion against Yoshinobu Ichihashi by the Shogunate. One is from Edo's various priests to Ooku, and the other is from the Kyoto Shugoshoku to the various feudal lords in Tokyo. It came to come to his mind.
Originally, Yoshinobu Ichihashi was not a person who was pleased by the shogunate, whose general was Iemochi from Kishu. It was this person who was placed in the position of the current shogun and competitors when the issue of succession of Tokugawa Seiko occurred on the day of the Ii clan's life. It was this person who took the post of general guardianship with the hope of the Kyoto people when the Satsuma Choji feudal clan eventually became a messenger to Edo. Matsudaira Yoshinaga of Echizen, who had the opinion of reforming the shogunate, adopted the theory, and it was this person who first decided to abolish the Sankin-kotai system. Forbidden "Kinri" Guardian Governor | In a senior position under the command of "Sekaibogyo", this person who had the eyes of Kobu Kazukazu and also saw the trends of the times Is not so biased as to make Edo the main. In the first year of Keio, Matsudaira Yoshinaga of Echizen has already withdrawn, Hisamitsu Shimazu of Satsuma has complained, and Kazukazu Kobu stands in what he thinks is difficult to do. Anyway, it is Yoshinobu's enthusiasm and patience that is maintaining the status quo of Kyoto, and his sincerity is recognized by the imperial court. 》. Somehow, Yoshinobu's voice surpasses that of Shogun Iemo. This must be something that the Edo Shogunate wants to smoke. The voice of Yoshinobu's exclusion did not happen overnight. As expected, the rebellion of the Shogunate revealed the hidden tip of the halberd, Hokosaki, even at the disposal of Ronin Mito.
Yoshinobu took a strict attitude and did not easily forgive Mito Ronin. As a result, Takeda Kounsai was forced to lead the entire Ronin army and descend to the Jinya in Kashu. However, Yoshinobu, whose father is Retsuko Mito, is said to have made an effort behind the scenes to save the Ronin. Hamada, Shimabara, and Kitsuregawa, who are the same retired princes, also submitted a petition to the imperial court and the shogunate for Takeda and others. The two princes of Bizen, the state, also pleaded for the royal court of the Ronin and others. It was Tanuma | Genba no Kami who got in there from Edo. Hou Tanuma arrived at the eastern barrier of Kyoto on New Year's Day of the year because he wanted to play the "Tenmatsu" since Tsukuba. However, in the imperial court, Hou Tanuma is suspended from entering Tokyo. Hou Tanuma said that the imperial court would humiliate the shogunate, and that the military administration was in the shogunate, as if Yoshinobu Ichihashi wasn't in his eyes. , I turned back with that foot and headed for Tsuruga. On the 26th day of the New Year, Hou Tanuma informed the Kaga domain of the shogunate, received all the weapons seized, and on the 28th, handed over all the Ronin under Takeda. The governor-general listened to the suggestions of Sanzaemon Ichikawa and others, and heard that Yoshinobu was trying to get the death penalty from the imperial court, and suddenly hurried the execution of the Ronin. That is.
Why couldn't the power of the feudal clan as big as Kashu save the life of Ronin Mito? There were various rumors about it. Or even the theory that Ronin Mito was done well and was deceived by the Kaga domain was heard in Hanzo's ears. It is said that the mystery of Masaka Kurita, who is actually in Ina, is the theory. However, Hanzo said that it was too much to wear, and he put the mystery of Suwa Raigakuji, who came back from Hoki through Tsuruga. I wanted to believe in the story I went to. When the Kaga domain finally finished handing over the weapons personnel, I wanted to believe in the honesty of Jinshichiro Nagahara, who went to see Kounsai and others at the Shoin of Tsuruga | Honshoji Temple and was full of heart. ..
There are also high public criticisms of Hou Tanuma. A servant of the Suwa Domain who fought against the Ronin Mito and was injured | Even Hikoshichi Shiobara said that, and that a young man of the Shogunate, Wakadoshiyori, would love him. It is said that he sighed, saying that it has been a long time since he did not know that the martial arts could not be established. This Suwa domain servant commented on Hou Tanuma. When the ronin's momentum is high, they sigh outside the distance of 20 ri each, and do not dare to approach by slowing down | staying, even in the so-called wind voice crane song. Even though the gall bladder didn't fit in, once the ronin and others saw that they had fallen to the Kaga domain, what would it be like to borrow the power of a tiger and leave them in prison? That's the cowardice. However, on the other hand, Hou Tanuma as an individual is not such a drastic nature, but rather an obese, tall and calm person, and the sleep of his close associates at the beginning of the Tenguren's revenge. Some say that he was just a nobleman who sprinkled konpeito on his seat to chill him and was martial law all night, and that the people around him dared to imprison him. Came.
Ronin Mito, who was said to be in the same group as more than a thousand people, was killed in action, injured, and died along the road, and by the time he arrived in Tsuruga, only 823 people survived. It was. Of these, 353 were slashed at a prison in Matsubara-mura, Tsuruga-gun for five days before and after. The four leaders, including Kounsai, were placed in the neck tub and stuffed with salt, but the others were thrown into the five earthen holes on all sides. The remaining 250 were exiled to Toshima, and 180 soldiers, several women, and fifteen boys were exiled.
One day, Hanzo went from the main store room to the middle of the house where things were gathered through the corridor on the west side. The stepmother's man is rumors about the Nikko Daihokai and Mito Ronin while winding threads around the people. Oman is holding a pincushion. The people hang dyed threads of Yamabuki-colored "Kuchinairo" on both hands. Every time the manga was rolled little by little, the bundle of dyed threads, "Taba", turned around the people's hands and unwound in order. The sunlight shining through the deep shoji of the eaves makes the color of the yellow dyed thread look bright.
"Did you hear from your mother, too?" Said Hanzo. "It seems that Kounsai's leader, Kubi, was finally sent from Edo to Mito. It seems that the castle town was drawn around."
Oman unravels the dyed threads that are entwined in the hands of the people, and says, "Thank you, it's a great story. My father, Toto (Yoshizaemon), said so, and I've never heard of the death penalty from 350 people. I've never heard of it. "
At that time, Hanzo took out the memoir "Kikigaki" from Edo and showed it to his stepmother and wife. The name of what was sentenced by the bereaved family of Takeda and others was mentioned there. The name of Iga Takeda's wife when she was 48 years old was also mentioned. The names of Momomaru, who is eight years old, and Kaneyoshi, who is three years old, were also mentioned. Then there were the names of Saburo, who was twelve years old, Kinshiro, who was ten years old, and Kumagoro, who was eight years old. All of these six were guilty of death, and in particular, Momomaru and Saburo were ordered to go to Gokumon.
"The Ichikawa Party has also decided on a very cruel Zankoku. Do you think that if you keep this guy alive, you may be able to recover your death? Even so, there is no such sin. It would be awkward to add a capital punishment to a young person. "
Hanzo says.
"Well, my mother, Iga Takeda, Momomaru, and eight years old. It's the age of Sota of my family." I showed it.
"By the way, when the bereaved family was put in the prison, the prison official brought the neck below Kounsai and showed it from outside the prison. It's time to see the cherry blossoms, and the official said that you should look at this flower. "
"What do you mean by that?", While comparing the faces of the Hanzo couple, Oman also said.
"Did you intend to say goodbye to the bereaved family, or did you intend to humiliate them?"
"I'm really sorry, I've done something ruthless, and there's nothing I can't say so."
Takeda, Yamakuni, Tamaru and others were ordered to die for the bereaved boy and for the girl to be in prison. Among them, the name of the person who was sentenced to prison was as follows.
[# Raise 11 characters from the ground] Iga Takeda
[# Raise 7 characters from the ground] Good
[# 6 characters up from the ground] 11 years old
[# Raise 14 characters from the ground] Concubine << Mekake >>
[# Raise 7 characters from the ground] Mume
[# 6 characters up from the ground] 18 years old
[# 9 characters up from the ground] Hikoemon Takeda's wife
[# Raise 7 characters from the ground] Go
[# 6 characters up from the ground] 43 years old
[# Raise 11 characters from the ground]
[# Raise 7 characters from the ground] Natsu
[# 6 characters up from the ground] 50 years old
[# 14 characters up from the ground] Same daughter
[# Raise 7 characters from the ground] Small
[# 6 characters up from the ground] 30 years old
[# Raise 8 characters from the ground] Yamakuni | Junichiro "Junichiro" daughter
[# Raise 7 characters from the ground] Miyo
[# 6 characters up from the ground] 11 years old
[# 14 characters up from the ground] Same daughter
[# Raise 7 characters from the ground] Yuki
[# 6 characters up from the ground] 7 years old
[# 14 characters up from the ground] Same daughter
[# Raise 7 characters from the ground]
[# 6 characters up from the ground] 5 years old
[# 9 characters up from the ground] Tamaru Inaemon daughter
[# Raise 7 characters from the ground] Matsu
[# 6 characters up from the ground] 19 years old
[# 14 characters up from the ground] Same daughter
[# Raise 7 characters from the ground] Mume
[# 6 characters up from the ground] 10 years old
Oman said.
"Hanzo, what would that father say when he saw this? When I was wondering what to say in the back retreat, I was 67 years old. I'm so happy that I lived up to >> and overlooked the end of the world. "
Four
The revival of the Sankin-kotai system betrayed the expectations of the Shogunate, indicating that the human hearts of the various clan had already left the Shogunate. Those who pay close attention to the situation at that time find that the feudal lords have begun to take their own path of development. The rapid development of the shipping industry, the increase in ships, and the riddles of students studying abroad were all the result, and everything else, military or product, and anything else that was measured for later years, began to devote itself to the clan.
Even Bishu, one of the three great clan of China, is no exception to this example. This also appeared in the Kiso region, which is the territory of the Owari family, and more attention was paid to the protection of forests and the transportation of good materials. The clan was counted as one of the financial resources for the monopoly of the medicines produced in Roku. Cultivation of carrots is encouraged from the Kiso region, Ina and Matsumoto, to Iwamurata in Saku, Ueda in Chiisagata, and Iiyama in Mizuuchi. , I bought it in the Bishu clan. The sight of the so-called Owari medicine load being carried from the back of Kiso to Magome by waving a lantern for the Owari family and raising a flag for the Owari Oyakuen. It's a figure that can't be seen on other roads.
In May, Hanzo finished the work called by the local government office "Jikata Oyakusho" in Kiso-Fukushima, and returned to Magome with the one of the inn who accompanied him. It was intended for the donation made by the Owari clan in December of the previous year, and I had just gone to Fukushima in May of that year to complete the donation procedure. It is nothing but the use of donations. It is about the first Choshu expedition to make Owari's retreat the governor-general.
When the Choshu expedition first happened, that was when Hanzo was in Edo as the president of Kiso Shimo Shijuku, and in the Owari clan, a direct writing of a retreat to Shoya in the 33 villages of Kiso Valley. I sent you a letter of request to become "Jikisho". To do this, I had to go to Tokyo with a special motive of "Taimei" in the case of the conquest of Choshu, and then I had to go to the western part of the country. It is written that the use is so enormous that it is hard to guess, and there is almost no other way of borrowing due to the conventional | unexpected "funyoi" selfishness. There is no choice but to accept the payment in the territory, this does not mean that the territory of the Kiso region is the only one to bear the cost, and of course it is a pity that I have asked for chasing and procurement so far, but it is an unusual time. It was written that I would like to often tell each villager to get acquainted and adjust the cost this time.
Along with this request for retreat, a separate circular was sent from the elderly people of the Owari family. It was also a request for donations to the territory, and I am so worried about this emergency payment that the retreat will be told in a direct writing. It is written that the situation of "Kon" has no choice but to wait for the power of unity, and it is said that the time has come to encourage the sincerity of the territory and the nation. On top of that, it is deeply sorry to be asked to take on the use as shown on the right, but it is written that it means that everyone should be aware of the unavoidable intentions for the sake of the national prestige. It was.
At that time, Mr. Yamamura, the representative of Kiso-Fukushima, summoned each shoya to the spear room. In the presence of the officials of the three government offices, I showed the two circulars from Nagoya to the Shoyas, and also read aloud what the deputy official had approved in order to thoroughly enforce the intention, and on the 15th of New Year. By then, he said that he should write down the amount of dedication of each person and check it out.
Hanzo brought it to the Fukushima government office until May of that year, and managed to put together this donation. Even so, in Kiso Valley as a whole, we were able to make more than 314 cars in 22 villages, make 300 cars in 11 inns, and donate more than 614 cars. .. He came back to the Magome meeting place where the innkeepers gathered, thinking that he could finally unload the burden from the Magome inn to Yamaguchi and the nearby villages of Yufunazawa.
"It seems that it is the conquest of Choshu again."
Inosuke, the senior citizen of the neighbor's house, whispered that to Hanzo.
"Mr. Hanzo, this time it seems that Kubo-sama is going to start."
Inosuke said and showed it again.
"I've heard the rumor. Is it finally true? At all, this doesn't make the local people breathe."
Hanzo sighed.
The highway was also busy. The passage of official officials, which somehow reminded me of a sudden flight to the clouds, continued. Occasionally, a three-way basket, Hayakago, came in a hurry from the direction of Kyoto. After that, the longevity to Edo continued from the end of the night to the end of 5 o'clock in the evening.
It wasn't long after that the memorandum of reconquest of Chobo came to be posted on the Kosatsu hall in the center of Magome. From Edo to the roadside stations in the west, a decree has already been issued that a consistent forage, a bran of 100 stones, and soybeans of 12 stones should be provided. The general contractor and the dwarf eye-catcher were ordered to take a messenger berth for the human horse to conquer the long defense, and for that reason they were exempted from the duty of Sukego in the west Sanyo Expressway. I was struck.
There were a number of clan who disagreed with the advance of this shogun. He submitted a white paper, "Kenpakusho," which means disagreement, to the shogunate, saying that neither the Echizen family nor the Bizen family was silent. To put it in a nutshell, when the Choshu soldiers blamed the siege of Kyoto with the retreat of the former Fuyuoshu as governor, the Choshu clan also fell guilty of the crime, and was an old vassal and staff member of the guilty clan. By executing his vassals and expressing his decency, he knew that the treatment of the two provinces of Choshu, including the father and son of Daizen, would be properly decided, and that the general would be promoted again. I heard that the human heart of the world is nothing but stunned. Fortunately, the first Choshu expedition did not reach the war, and when I finally thought of relief with Asano, and when I moved the soldiers again, the plight of the daimyo and the grudge of all the people. On the other hand, it is hard to measure even if no unexpected change occurs because it does not become a person. You must refrain from raising things lightly, and you must be afraid to become a turbulent floor in the world. On top of that, it is said that an uneasy attempt has reached the stage of listening, but if the father and son's morning sickness is too strict and all of them have the momentum of death protection, it is really not easy. There is. Nowadays, when people's hearts are boiling, what will happen to the fate of Choshu TOKYO as well as the imperial court's thoughts if nothing is done after asking for consideration? I want to be deferred and listen to the voices of the counts of all sizes and make a national policy, and if I open the imperial court because of the Choshu clan, it will be harmful at a later date. It is said that he is deeply concerned about whether it should be.
However, the Shogunate did not try to listen to these whites. Tokugawa like Hosokawa | The shogunate couldn't bear to blame the restoration of the change of worship even to the great lords who had the same feeling as the Fudai daimyō. Even so, the shogunate's trend was revived, those who disobeyed themselves were subdued, and the surplus of the Nikkoyama Daihokai and the 350-plus Mito Namishi were slaughtered. With "Kenmaku", he tried to put up the wings of Kaiten with the 250th anniversary of Toshogu, which was changed to the first year of Keio until the year.
In fact, the Shogunate was also in the process of preparing to build two warships that should be named Kaiten and Kaiten. Nothing tells the truth of the shogunate at that time as well as the names of these two ships. The desire to see the brilliance of the sun again was a wish of those who recalled the supremacy of Toshogu. The reconquest of Choshu was born from the strong assertions of various Yuji who cannot forget the old days of Tokugawa's heyday. Although this is a conquest of Chobo, in fact, it was planned with various "various" purposes. One of them was to manage the Shikoku diplomatic corps. One of them was to defeat the foreign clan who secretly tried to connect to the imperial court. There is also the exclusion of Yoshinobu Ichihashi and Aizu, who are trying to go on the path of Kobu Gattai until they get tired of it, or that it was hidden behind it.
Leap 《Uruu》 On May 16th, the general finally set out for the conquest. The Umajirushi, a gold fan that Toshogu used on the day of the Battle of Sekigahara, was held high again. Daimyo of the Edo prefecture, army service, infantry service, cavalry head, swordsmanship and art of art and artillery masters, Ometsuke, account service, warship service mystery It was in the line of service. It is said that those who saw the prosperous military uniform felt that the prestige of the shogunate had not yet fallen to the ground. There were 20 townspeople in Edo who were ordered to pay 30,000 to 10,000 cars, and it was instructed that even temples and shrines nationwide would ask for a payment for national gratitude. The budget for one month set by the Shogunate for the recruitment of this advance was more than 174,200 cars. At that time, there were two treasures in the shogunate, and the one in Fujimi was called "Uchigura" and the one in Hasuike was called "Sotogura". You can see how big the plan was by seeing that the 10 million old money that was there was used for this advancement.
The shogun had already arrived in Kyoto on the 22nd and 3rd of the same month, and entered Osaka Castle on the 25th. It is reported that when the retreat of Owari in the previous year was advanced to Geishu as governor-general, he was prepared to open a war toward Choshu, but in return, he will not fight from the beginning. I'm prepared. No matter how strong the Choshu domain was, it was not possible to fight against the enemies of the world, and even the spearhead of Oshu-den was convicted last year. It is as if the Terumoto family came to Osaka and apologized for the treatment after Sekigahara. It is said that this was what the Shogunate army, including the chief of the shogunate, expected. However, another attempt to conquer Choshu has chased the Choshu domain to the worrisome momentum of the daimyo, including the Bizen and Echizen families.
The shogunate had no heart to see between the gun blades and tartar from the beginning. Even if the brilliance of the gold fan is high, it does not try to reach the Sanyo Expressway. The place where the large army sends Yuyu and Kanjitsugetsu in a relaxed manner is Osaka, where Toyotomi's Onsawa is longing. In one person's words, Hototogisu screamed past the shores of the heavenly pedestal, and the wind of May Satsuki blew the conquest that stayed at Urawa of Chinu, and was enthusiastic. It is said that he was tired of the heat of Sanpuku.
A big stumbling block of foreign relations, which can be said to be more than the Namamugi incident in the passing Bunkyu year, was caused in the air of this uneasy time.
It has already been eight years since the Edo Treaty of the 5th year of Ansei was signed with other countries. According to this treaty, three ports of Kanagawa, Nagasaki, and Hakodate were opened, and a port of Niigata was also opened. In December of the second year of Bunkyu, Edo, Osaka, and Hyogo were opened. It was a promise to open. Looking at the beginning of the Bunkyu year, the exhaust heat at that time reached a very high altitude, and it was difficult to open important places such as Edo, Osaka, and Hyogo. Rōjū of the Time | Ando Tsushima proposed to foreign ministers to postpone the opening of ports in Niigata, Hyogo, Edo, and Osaka, and agreed to postpone it for five years with the reduction of import tax as a reward. is there.
The four years passed were a period of painful trials in Seto, whether or not this country should open important windows toward Europe, which can be said to be a completely unknown number. During this time, the Choshu clan in Shimonoseki also bombarded foreign ships. In return, the shogunate was forced to bear an inexhaustible amount of compensation from three million cars, which was the result of the high heat exhausted at that time.
It is said that this compensation was initially requested by the Shikoku minister to be submitted by the Choshu clan. However, since the clan fired at the command of the imperial court and the shogunate, he insisted that it was natural to ask the shogunate for this, and the minister of Shikoku also saw the difficulty of getting it out of the Choshu clan, and the shogunate was a daimyo. He was guilty of neglecting the crackdown and not fulfilling his duties. The Minister of Shikoku knew that this compensation was impossible, and even added to the statement at that time the meaning that compensation would not be required if the port was opened. Such ministers seized the opportunity to seize the opportunity and urged the shogunate to implement the treaty. The four years have already passed and it is the first year of Keio, but the Shogunate does not seem to prepare for the opening of the port. So instead of exempting Shimonoseki from two-thirds, a person like Paax, the new British minister, came out who insisted that Hyogo's opening of the port be approached by the Shogunate. According to the strong claim, the bakufu should tell the imperial court that it will have terrible consequences of violating the treaty, and ask for the treaty's permission. If he still couldn't get his permission, the Shikoku minister was going to deal with General Tokugawa and demand the treaty to be implemented directly from the imperial court. It was September 16th of that year that a fleet of four British ships, three French ships, one US ship, one Lankan, and nine ships arrived in Hyogo from Yokohama. It was that. On the 17th, three of them came to the coast of Tempozan in Osaka and submitted the letters of each minister who wanted to have a decision in the 7th. The shogunate, who moved from Edo at a huge cost, had to deal with those who approached from outside the sea with greater power before dealing with the domestic strong clan. is there. Why was this not the story of the Choshu expedition? Turning the fleet of the Shikoku Union away, perhaps even the Choshu clan could not be enemies, the battery was destroyed, the city was burned, and now I was about to see the grief of the occupation. The battle of Shimonoseki actually proved it.
When Edo heard that the Combined Fleet had been dispatched, the elders and the old men who were absent from Edo Castle should not be abandoned, so they should go to Osaka day and night and take on the role of negotiations. Was appointed. Yamaguchi | Suruga was one of them.
Suruga Yamaguchi calls the issue "Sensho". At that time, he was the chief of foreign delegation. He is also close to his friend Mizumi Kitamura, who went from the Kumigashira of the Hakodate magistrate to the inspector general (Metsuke). By the time this person went out to Osaka, had an audience with the shogun, and told the intentions of the elders and middle-aged men in the Edo area, all the priests on the road were at a loss. There is. The shogun is almost ignorant of what to do when he goes west and the country is already in a multi-faceted state, and what to do if he is struck by a foreign country. .. At that time, Suruga was ordered to be assigned to Ometsuke and a foreign delegation again, and for the time being, he went to a foreign ship and asked a tentative question. I boarded a ship called "Shokumaru" and interviewed the British, French, American, and Shikoku ministers in Hyogo. Rōjū Abe was a person who looked like this was a big incident, and he took charge of the opening of the port by swallowing everything, and returned with a promise to postpone the deadline for the answer until the 29th. .. Occasionally, the Aizu clan of the Kyoto guard, who was thinking about the imminent situation, came down to Osaka one after another. To catch Suruga and others, the ministers of each country are leading warships and demanding the opening of a port, which is a so-called castle alliance, and there is no such great shame, if by any chance If there seems to be an extremely violent move to Tokyo, all of us will do our best to refuse it. I want to push it all the way and hope for a sufficient talk. At the same time, the Satsuma Domain's Okubo Ichizo also made a statement to the shogunate, which was related to the human heart's disobedience, and the enormous aftermath was also this. I want to call the princes as soon as possible so that they will not be moved only by the opinions of the ministers, and if it takes a long time for them to act lightly from the other party, I am sorry. Although the number of people in the house is small, there is also a taste that the repair tayu Osumi Mamoru "Shurida Yu Osumi no Kami" has requested, so in that case I offered to accept the pioneer "Senpo" and do my best.
In October, Kyoto suddenly reported that Bungo Abe 《Abebungo》 and Izu Matsumae 《Matsuma Eizu》 were dismissed from both cabinets. According to the letter from the Kyoto Denso, Kampaku was admitted that he had been summoned to the official position by decency and ordered Kunimoto to be reticent. .. Everything in Osaka Castle has lost its complexion, and I'm surprised and astounded, and I don't know which one is in my mind. Shogun ｜ Iemochi was also very surprised, and he called the roles of Ometsuke, Kanjo-bugyō, and Metsuke to the Gozen Kaigi (Cabinet) from the two princes of Bishu Kishu, as well as the old and young. We gathered and held a so-called Gozen Kaigi. There was a big rating "Daihyojo". In the crisis of foreign relations, what is it that summons the official positions of the two "two" who are in charge of the crisis and orders them to be humble? The imperial court was strongly accused of the shogunate's decision without any consultation in negotiations with the Shikoku minister. Moreover, it was completely unprecedented to dismiss the old man from the imperial court. Various discussions have been made, and the troupe is like a ding. At that time, Yamaguchi | Suruga went forward with the inspector general Eigoro Mukouyama (Huangmura), and the shogun was a vassal with a beak. I don't think it should be in the hands of the shogun, however, this order from the imperial court is like depriving the shogun of his power. It is not possible to do all the duties as a general to abolish the chief person by accepting the beak at the time of many ends, and the upper part is to humiliate the treatment of the emperor Mikado. He said that he should not be afraid of his ancestors against the wishes of all people, and that he should promptly release his responsibilities and return to the Kanto region, showing a little unskilled politics. No one takes this. A fierce voice filled the seats. In the words of Iemochi at that time, both of them often said that their opinions were extremely suitable for their own will. In the meantime, when things happened both inside and outside the country, the turmoil couldn't be stopped, the human heart couldn't be controlled, and even the vassals of the crotch were forced to be slaughtered. This is a place where I'm incompetent, and after all, I can't think of keeping peace on my own. Let's avoid the ranks and retreat, let's raise Yoshinobu Ichihashi and give the imperial court's life. When the general went deeper, the voices of the sobbing vassals arose here and there.
Indeed, Mr. Tokugawa's fate suddenly changed at this time with surprising momentum. Soon he was resigned from the shogun. Eigoro Mukaiyama made the draft of Joso. The young general is only 20 years old. In addition, Eigoro's writing was made transparent, and his parents, Mizuka, signed it, and renamed it to Oshu (Tokugawa | Mochinaga, Shigenori, then | Gendo. ) Was entrusted to. In addition, after consulting with various bosses, he attached a separate sheet to the shogunate, stating that the opening of the port was unavoidable, and even if he bet on the position of Shogun General, he would contend for permission. Clarified the purpose of the shogunate.
However, when I saw it at that time, the heart of the shogunate could never laugh at Mito because of the party conflict. On the day when the shogunate's old men tried to escape the oppression of foreigners by their own discretion, Yoshinobu kept the path of Kobu Kazukazu until he got tired, insisted on the need to seek a decree, and resolutely controlled the shogunate. This is because he took an attitude. The deep-seated party struggle that once caused the Ansei Purge-the pros and cons of signing the Kanagawa Treaty and the issue of succession of Tokugawa Seiko has continued for a long time. The old men who doubted Yoshinobu's ambitions were no different from the Kishu | Keifuku "Yoshinobu" supporters at the time of Ansei who doubted Mito's ambitions. With Yoshinobu's attitude, the old men decided to further entice the shogunate. The voice of Yoshinobu's daily exclusion has never appeared in such a serious form as that time. The shogunate not only confessed the will of rebellion against Rōjū | dismissal as a means of swordsmanship, but also used the tip of the halberd as "Hokosaki" in Tokyo for a long time. I turned to Yoshinobu. Then, he recommended to Shogun Iemochi that he wanted to hand over his affairs to Yoshinobu, that he wanted to be entrusted as in the case of Iemochi, and asked the imperial court to give him that grace. It was.
The general has already moved to Fushimi. On the day of leaving Osaka Castle, when the servants of Koju were ordered to return to the east for the first time, they were all surprised and lost their complexion, and there was nothing to say in consideration of them. At that time, after consulting with the captain of the sword spear, who is the same as the captain of the gun captain of the Kobusho student, he gathered the heads of each corps and gave a speech. When he told him that he should be aware of the general guard, the gun corps immediately submitted the order, but the sword corps did not obey and expressed their opinions. .. It is said that there was a soldier who was dying from beginning to end with tears without saying a word.
Yoshinobu Ichihashi heard this and talked about Prince Bishu, accompanied by both Aizu and Kuwana, and hurried to the magistrate's mansion "Yakata" in Fushimi. I tried to overturn that determination by having an audience with the shogun. It is not good to return to the east immediately just by worshiping Yoshinobu, and the emperor "Mikado" and the shogun are also the relationship of the brother-in-law "Gokyodai". Yoshinobu and his colleagues said that, and they had to stick to it, if it wasn't after that, and they would have to stop for a while and take complete measures to move forward and backward. This resignation transfer is not something that the old people of the Shogunate really hope for. At last, the shogun returned from Fushimi to Kyoto, entered Nijo Castle, and performed Yoshinobu in various ways. At that time, Eigoro Mukaiyama, the inspector general, also seemed to be deeply hated by the imperial court because the draft of Kamiso was in his hands, and there was an implicit repulsion. Within three days, he was also robbed of his job and ordered his house to be imprisoned.
It is said that people were not surprised when these notifications were transmitted to Edo Castle. In particular, the mourning of the women in Ooku, including Tensho-in and Kazunomiya-sama, was not the same. Some of them tried to scream and throw themselves into the well, and some even tried to commit suicide.
October 5, 1st year of Keio is a memorable day in the history of this country. It was also on that day that Yoshinobu Ichihashi, Iki Mamoru Ogasawara "Ogasawara Iki no Kami", Etchu Mamoru Matsudaira "Matsudaira Echu no Kami", and Higonokami Matsudaira co-signed and requested permission for a foreign treaty. .. The night before, the feudal lords of the feudal lords were called to the Imperial Palace to seek opinions on this major issue. Thirty-six people were chosen from the fifteen clan for that purpose. Three from Satsuma, three from Higo, three from Bizen, four from Tosa, two from Kurume, one from Inshu, one from Fukuoka, and one from Kanazawa. From Yanagawa, two from Tsu, one from Fukui, one from Saga, one from Hiroshima, five from Kuwana, and seven from Aizu. The fact that General Tokugawa's advancement and retreat and the issue of foreign treaties were discussed by his heavy servants, rather than by the feudal lords of the feudal lords, was also mentioned in the transition of the times. The treaty, which has been solicited by the shogunate several times since the time of the Ii clan, was not allowed, but the imperial court faced the black ship that combined the power of Shikoku, and the shogunate went to the point where it could bet on the position of general. Finally, the forgiveness came out. The day when the long seclusion will be lifted is approaching.
Yamaguchi | Suruga was in Osaka. At that time, after the shogun also left Osaka Castle, the only ones that stayed there were the old Matsudaira | Hoki and Jodai Makino Etchu. Other than that, there are only Machi-bugyō and military attachés, Bangashira. Suruga remained there for foreign reception duties, but there was no one to consult with, and he unnecessarily made a round trip between Osaka and Hyogo to soothe each minister. He hadn't heard the answer from Kyoto yet, and he didn't even know who was in charge of diplomacy after Rōjū | Abe retired.
October 6th. Suruga was so worried that he tried to go to Kyoto and explore the situation after consulting with Sakyo Akamatsu, the inspector general.
Departing from Akatsuki, I went up the Yodogawa River and went to the Yodo station. The doors are still closed at the teahouses there. I knocked it up, asked for sake, cooked porridge, and warmed my body for a while, and then I hurriedly came on a horseback. It was in Gumi's. As a messenger from Kyoto, a Metsuke role named Matsuura brought a sword. At that time, for the first time, Suruga learned that a foreign treaty was granted, and that he had a great reputation during the ban the night before. Some of the many lords still insisted on the chain port, but it was said that they finally agreed. In addition, there was a talk from Rōjū Matsudaira | Hoki to the foreign minister for details. Although the treaty has certainly been forgiven in the edict, it is advisable to take appropriate measures, but there are some inconveniences in the treaty so far, so we will investigate it anew and consult with the clan. It is a treaty that should be agreed upon. It is also said that the ceremony at Hyogo Port has been stopped. Suruga was surprised to see the messenger Matsuura. Foreign ministers are never satisfied with this edict, so be sure to go up to Kyoto and leave it without fulfilling their purpose. Not only is it not always the case, but the chief of reception is unlikely to be able to conclude this matter at Matsudaira Hoki, and even though there is a person who is more familiar with diplomatic affairs, it is hard to understand such an arrangement, Suruga says. , The other party, Matsuura, was annoyed and I just came to use it, not to listen to your argument. Suruga also started laughing at this. Let's go back to Osaka immediately, let's go to Hyogo if we have time, and let's do our best even if we can't extend the deadline for the final answer. I broke up with Matsuura on that promise. He also decided to rent another pair of horses to return to Osaka with his feet.
In the afternoon of that day, Suruga, accompanied by Inspector General Akamatsu Sakyo, moved to the Shundou Maru, which is anchored off the coast of Mt. Tenpo. In a hurry to Hyogo, he urged the captain to burn coal. At that time, he saw a riverboat of Ichi | 艘 "So" coming from the direction of Kawaguchi with the flag of "Funajirushi". He learned that he had carried the Secretary in the red color of the ship. Looking closer, it was Hoki Matsudaira, not Iki Ogasawara, whom he had been waiting for. Although this person is a mild-mannered prince, he is not the person who should be in charge of foreign reception cases. The red riverboat came to him who thought it was. Soon after, Hoki Matsudaira moved to the Shundou Maru. In response to the words of the old man at that time, he came to the ministers of each country with a rush from Kyoto to reach the taste of a royal command. Suruga also looked at Sakyo without any trouble.
It's a big foreign ship there. Eventually, Booto, carrying one Westerner, left the parent ship and approached, swaying in the waves, hoping for this. British clerk Alexandre Siibold came to the reminder as a messenger from Hyogo. Siebold announced that the promised date had come, that he was waiting for the Japanese administration, and that the ships of each country were preparing to come here by burning steam. As the Jundo Maru approached Hyogo, French Consul Mermet de Cachon was waiting for the arrival of the Japanese Consul.
The negotiation was first started on board the British ship. For the first time, Suruga introduced his surname and surname, and British minister Paax suspiciously told Rōjū Matsudaira.
"Today is the promised date, but why can't I see Bungo Abe?"
"Isn't it after Bungo Abe? Because I was dismissed from my job the other day."
"What happened to Iki Ogasawara?"
"This is sick."
"Matsudaira | Suo"
"Well, Suo Matsudaira is busy with his duties, so it's hard to come to this seat."
When he heard that, the minister sneered and said that in the end, no old-fashioned people would come to the negotiations, and that the first meeting of you would not come. Hoki Matsudaira gave a book to his right hand and read it out in front of the minister, without being obsessed with such things. At that time, the clerk Siibold was by his side, asking Suruga about the words of the edict, and passing them on to the minister one by one. Paax instantly changed his complexion like a fire, lifted his fist and hit the table, left the chair and walked around on his fork, and then squirted from his mouth. To skip it, what is treaty allowance, do you not know that the Great Britain and Japan have already signed the previous year, or stop opening Hyogo is against the treaty, and it is valuable as a book of edicts. He is even heavier than General Tokugawa, and he will immediately discuss the heavier one, no longer has to talk to you, and he has the national right of Japan promptly. If it is truly the book of the Japanese emperor, then the seal must be stamped, how can foreigners believe in a piece of paper that is not even that? Perhaps he came to sneak himself up, he would tell the captain and go to Kyoto soon, and you should accompany him.
Hoki Matsudaira, who was holding himself calmly and laughing bitterly no matter what he said, and Paax were facing it. Besides, these two people can't understand the language. Suruga hurriedly stopped the minister and suddenly found it difficult to open the port of Hyogo, as Paax, who had a rough nose, seemed to be no longer deceived by the diplomatic means of the Shogunate and was about to tear the book. This book was originally given to the shogun by the emperor, so it is not something that should be shown to you as it is, but it is a sign of condolence to show it as it is. He also explained that there is an old example when there is no "inji". The French minister, who is close to nightfall, will be waiting for him, so after listening to his opinion, he added that he would like to visit your ship again, and Paax was a little disgusted. Softened. So the party was divided by the British ministers and went to the French ship.
French minister Roses and Suruga have already been in contact with each other several times in Edo. Once or twice, Roses advised the Shogunate and gave various kinds of assistance to the management of the Yokosuka shipyard, the training of the Army, the opening of the French school, and the dispatch of overseas students. It doesn't stop there. Also, when the clerk Mermet de Cachon was in the direction of Hakodate Hakodate, Hakodate magistrate | Tsuda Omi took care of Suruga's friend Kitamura | Mizumi. Due to the fact that it was done, it is easy for Suruga to respond. When the minister and the clerk took the British attitude from Suruga and others, I was not surprised at all. Just like a Frenchman, he just opened his hands and shook his shoulders.
Not only that, Roses was kind enough to know the hardships of the Shogunate who brought the edict, and taught Matsudaira how to do it at this time. For that, I would like you to promptly hand over the document of the Rōjū joint name. As Cachon's interpreter came from Suruga, he couldn't do anything here because he was at the end of national affairs, and the shogun agreed to open the port of Hyogo. These are all Mizuno in Edo. ｜ Izumi Mamoru Izumi no Kami should be entrusted to me, so I would like you to promptly negotiate in Edo and acknowledge that the emperor of Kyoto will be well informed of foreign circumstances. Using that document as evidence, I will advise the ministers of each country tonight and arrange to leave the sail promptly tomorrow. That way, you can save the current emergency. This was the opinion of the French minister.
"Well, what's wrong with this? If I'm alone, I can immediately approve this document. If it's a colleague's co-signing, I haven't consulted with them. I'm not handed over. I'm in trouble. "
Hoki Matsudaira said that after returning to Jundomaru.
The night has already passed eight o'clock. After that, when I went back and forth to Kyoto and had a consultation, I couldn't make it in time for the next day. This was also an unmissable opportunity for the party. If, the next day, the ships of each country moved to Osaka and went up the Yodo River to Kyoto, I was worried that people would be upset. Suruga told Hoki Matsudaira about it, and now he can't spend his time in vain, and if he loses the courtesy of the French minister, he can't catch up with the navel later, which is a small matter before the important thing. He said that if the Rōjū Rensho is unknowing, he would like to be treated by himself, and that he will be exempted from the escort. Rōjū Matsudaira, without any help, arranges it as if it were good, and later says that it is not his sin if his colleague complains. Suruga was content to accept the blame. The document was approved by the accompanying Yuhitsu. The names of Rōjū Matsudaira Hoki Mamoru, Matsudaira Suo Mamoru, and Ogasawara Iki Mamoru were also written. Even Kao, which everyone memorizes, was written on the paper.
It was deep at night when the document of this Rōjū Rensho was carried to both the British and American and Dutch ships through the hands of the French minister. Suruga went out alone to the French ship and waited for a reply, and then Roses came there and
"Tre, Beyan-Tre, Beyan."
State. The meaning of "heart" meant that everything was done with satisfactory results. At that time, the minister would stand on the deck with Suruga and look at the sea at midnight, while their ship would leave Hyogo waiting for tomorrow evening and return to Yokohama from Shikoku via the Kyushu coast. He added that he would tell the general about this and ask for the efforts of Rōjū Mizuno in Edo. Farewell, Roses held Suruga's hand tightly and tightly.
Rōjū Matsudaira Hoki was waiting for the late Suruga on his way back to the Shundou Maru. Even when Suruga brought about the outcome of this negotiation, the old man was still skeptical.
"Suruga, will tomorrow always retire?"
"Don't worry. That Rothes guarantees. Rest assured."
"If you don't know, I'll stay here. After seeing the ships of each country retreat, I'll go to Kyoto. I would like to say well. "
For this reason, Suruga saw off Matsudaira Rōjū returning to Osaka that night. After landing, he and Sakyo, the inspector general, stayed at Hatagoya in Hyogo and continued to spend uneasy times. The next morning, the two of us were waiting for the departure of the ships of each country, and the samurai of the various clan rushed to Hatagoya one after another before dawn. It is a question as to why the ships of each country are leaving without any reason, and how Hoki Matsudaira was talking about the day before, almost unbelievable in this negotiation. The departure of each country's ship was delayed from the promised time. Finally, on the morning of the 9th, the sound of a whistle announcing the move was heard from the ships of each country. The sound echoed high in the harbor sky, as if it was not far from the opening of Hyogo.
When Suruga Yamaguchi arrived at Nijo Castle in Kyoto from Hyogo with a report of the departure of ships from each country with Sakyo Akamatsu, it was already close to twilight. When I went to the usual room and tried to talk to the old man and tell him all the details, there was another unexpected thing waiting for this Suruga.
"Suruga, that was about to be seppuku."
Yoshinobu in the upper seat is a greeting with a smile.
When Suruga was surprised and asked why, Rōjū Ogasawara Iki invited him to a separate room, and according to the rumor in Kyoto the day before, he arbitrarily changed the edict in Hyogo and gave a full-time reception. The ministers retired without objection because of the rumor that he had stood up, but his sin was equivalent to a great rebellion, and there was something that said that he should order seppuku immediately, and even now in the imperial court. I told him that he was about to forgive it. However, the Shogun and Ko Ichihashi were warned of such a light momentum, and Iki Ogasawara also said that he should not easily sin the parties unless he listened to him and Hakuya Matsudaira. There was also a story. It was said that he wouldn't be deeply worried because he had just received a letter from Hoki Matsudaira and was able to understand the pattern of the negotiations.
"However, there is no word that I borrowed the name of the same person and sent the document at the co-signing office. I am sorry to say that this is all."
Suruga touched there. He also talked about the negotiations until he took the necessary measures.
"No, it's an emergency. It's a good idea to make that much decision."
Rōjū Ogasawara said it with sympathy. It's not dangerous for Suruga to stay in Kyoto with a lower voice, it's better to leave immediately tonight, go to Edo and refrain from closing the gate, and the rest is here I told him that he would manage to repair it, and that he would also make a roundabout.
Suruga slipped out there with a little relief from the words of Rōjū Ogasawara. Inspector General | Mukouyama Eigoro came to his mind. At least I met Eigoro, and I wanted to talk about what to do at a later date, so I asked a person near me, and Eigoro was already guilty of the day and closed to Hatagoya. The reply was that he was alive.
The dusk 《Yuyami》 was approaching. The corridor inside the castle is also dim. At that time, there is a person who hurriedly steps on the corridor from the other side with Hohatsu. That person is his friend who rushed from Edo to serve as a warship and handle foreign affairs. This is Mizumi Kitamura, the inspector general. Suruga invited a friend behind the scenes, but there was no time to trace the details. However, I could only say a few things that the current affairs couldn't be helped and that my friends would work for me.
"Thank you for the rest."
Suruga left Nijo Castle, leaving the words in Mizumi. He didn't even have time to say goodbye to his acquaintances who were moving from Osaka to the castle.
Five
There is one traveler who came down the Kiso Highway from Kyoto via Otsu and stopped the horse in front of the Magome Honjin. He also carries two servants, who are dressed in a kappa, and a man who comes and unloads them.
This traveler left Edo day and night in mid-September of the lunar calendar, and walked almost slowly, worked hard, and rested until he reached the western edge of the nearby Kisoji in mid-October. Someone who didn't know what to do. After seeing the scenery of Rakuchu surrounded by dim air, I finally escaped from the dangerous area and came to the top of Magome Pass, which is 54 ri away from Otsu's inn, and sighed deeply from the bottom of my heart. It's like someone who found a place to put on in the mountain house. This traveler is Yamaguchi | Suruga.
When I heard that he was a guest staying at the hotel, Seisuke came out between the wide boards at the front entrance to welcome him. All the guests were tired and arrived at the front door. Even just looking at the hands of the guests who took off their umbrellas and straw shoes, Kiyosuke could immediately read what kind of people were doing.
"I have a good room," Heya. "My husband is currently on a business trip to Fukushima, but it's about time he's catching up and looking home. I can't do anything in such a mountain. Please take your time. "
Seisuke said, and guided the main guest to the uppermost room at the back. The two servants were given the next back room, and the companion man was given a room near the front door.
In Kiso, small birds from Toriya were also caught, and there were many types of mushrooms, so it was the best season to entertain travelers. Seisuke goes back and forth between the back room and the hearth, and even after he comes to the people who work for his two younger daughters, he takes a bath. We will consult with you from the preparation of "Kyakuzen" to the menu of "Kyakuzen" served as dinner. The flats are made from new potatoes with yellow yuzu, and the bowls are made into shimeji mushrooms and tofu dew, so no matter how much the mountain family flowers. Kiyosuke knew about the fact that he put octopus on an egg and put it on a plate, and also baked two of Kiso's famous shimeji mushrooms. The two children by the people were looking forward to being able to change their kimono every time they were rare guests. Among them, my sister Kume is already ten years old. It is this girl who listens to the voice of the customer in the back and informs Seisuke and her maiden.
"Your hands will ring."
The main team is in this condition.
In the evening, Hanzo finished the work called by the Kiso-Fukushima government office and returned to the village by staying at Nojiri. He also knew at that time that there were guests staying at home. In the upper part of the back, which is assigned to the resting room "Heya" every time various daimyo and public officials pass by, a person who also serves as a diplomatic servant with the shogunate's Ometsuke is coming in the form of a fine line. I also learned that I was spending a mysterious trip to order sake from the Yamake family.
When I saw it the next morning, it was difficult for the guests to get up. The rain that started from the dawn was from the guests, so I felt tired, and finally it was almost noon, and there was a sound of the shutters in the upper row. Even the servants looked disappointed, and even if it rained, they didn't seem to leave for the planned inn. When Hanzo went to the greeting and saw it, Suruga came out from the upper part of the corridor with a thin edge, and hung on the pillar of the room. I was watching the rain coming to Tsuboniwa while I was leaning on it. A wooden roof with stones and a treetop of a persimmon with colored leaves, Kozue, a mysterious Kisoji, can calm the soul, if not desired from the position of the corridor on the north side. There is good quietness inside and outside the room.
"It's a lot slower. Are you planning on staying today?"
"Let's hope so. Let's take a day off today. I came in a hurry thinking of going to Edo, but when I came here, I was very tired. I feel like going out in this weather. I can't, but it's not bad to go into Kiso and get into the rain. "
"This was a rainy year, and it rained a lot every day from around May of the leap. Even the old people don't remember the heavy rain like that year. At one point, I was quite worried. It is not uncommon in this region for travelers to stay at the river stop or river stop. "
Hanzo came to see this guest in the afternoon. The dim rays of light on a rainy day are shining on the tatami mats of Koraiberi, which weaves a black cloud shape on the white background. There, the lord of Hikone, the head of the Ii clan, also rests his body on the way back from Omi to Edo, and Higo Iwase, the inspector general, also plays the Kanagawa Convention. This is the room I went to sleep for. This story of Hanzo caught the heart of Suruga, who has a deep connection with the Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations.
"I haven't heard from my husband yet, but the court has finally forgiven the treaty. It's time to put an end to the long-standing treaty dispute. But it was never wasted. With that in mind, we comfort ourselves. Let's eliminate the noisy problem of the imperial court now. The day to open this country is over. It's not that far away. "
Suruga said it to Hanzo and walked quietly around the room, combining his hands behind him. As if talking to the walls and pillars there ...
The fact that it leaked from the mouth of a person who also served as a foreign delegation with Ometsuke came close to Hanzo's heart. He still doesn't know the truth about the resignation of the shogun, and he doesn't even know that there is a person in front of him who preached it, much less dreaming that he was on his way to Edo to have a day of closing the gate. I did not know. However, I wondered if there was such a reliable person in the shogunate who was trying to support it somehow in the last generation of the declining Tokugawa.
The deep autumn rain is unlikely to stop. All the servants who came along with Ometsuke seemed to be very tired, and they were very tired in one corner of the room. Hanzo finished the village's errands with Seisuke and tried to go see the guests again in the upper row. I wanted to hear what happened to Kyo-Osaka, so I went around the corridor on the north side. Unexpectedly, he found a violent sobbing guest in the hidden room.
[# Page break]
Chapter 12
One
"My father is."
Hanzo took off his hakama, which is typical of Shoya, after finishing his day's work, and asked his wife's people about his father, Yoshizaemon.
"People, maybe I suddenly think about it and go to Nagoya. If I'm going out, I'll ask you to be away. Also to my father and mother. I often ask-I'm worried about the west. "
He said again and saw his wife's face. A girl named Natsu was born between the Hanzo couple, but in just 60 days, the fourth child died. The complexion of the people is still pale.
The post station in Magome is celebrating July of the second year of Keio. Even in the pre-Bon season, when the daimyo who go up and down see a large number of people every year, traffic is rare. A group of Shinshu, Komoro, the lord of the castle, and Mamoru Totomi, who stayed in Nojiri and went to Tokyo for a stay in Ochiai, were just welcomed on this Magome Pass. It seems that this is not only in the direction of Tosan-do, and after finishing the visit from Toyokawa Inari to Mt. Akiha and returning to the village, the traffic of travelers is lonely on the Tokaido line. It was said that it was "sami". It is said that neither humans nor horses passed at all. The highway was also quiet.
"What about Hanzo and the conquest of Choshu?"
From the evening, when Hanzo went up to the back second floor where his father retired, Yoshizaemon first came to Hanzo. Not only Hanzo, but also the old Yoshizaemon's heart was not quietly placed at the time when it should be said to be tumultuous.
On the back second floor where my father lives, there is no temporary eaves like a tatami room, but he says that he will also remove the fusuma of the two-room room "Haya" and experience the harsh heat. Like, they are well-ventilated. One day | My stepmother, Oman, who worked for the main building, is also returning to her father's side. My father is a person who sits in this same room where his predecessor's retired Hanroku lived for the rest of his life, and remembers the road life of 68 years while squeezing his shoulders.
"How about the situation in the west?" He asked Hanzo when he was behind his father.
"Well, if you were in a mountain like this, you wouldn't know the truth at all. I know well that there was a war in the direction of Kokura, but since then, I've been sure to hear from you. I can't even get a postcard. I don't doubt the victory of the Shogunate, or the big victory is coming soon. It's just like catching such a cloud, "Hanzo replies.
"Well, but I'm a retired person," said Yoshizaemon. "Today I took Sakichi to the grave | cleaning" because the tray is near. "
Yoshizaemon and Oman are more concerned about the people than Hanzo, who has lost a new child, and want to save the melon that he received from Nakatsugawa for the new Buddha, or buy a horse at Motoya. The peaches that were given as souvenirs from the ones that went to Nakatsugawa are also offered to the spirits of their late granddaughter (summer). When I saw my father who was tired of cleaning the grave at Manpukuji, Hanzo couldn't immediately cut out the trip to Nagoya.
"Mother, I'll change one."
He tried to stand behind his father, saying, to say the least.
"No, will Hanzo also do Anma-san? I have a lot of shoulders. If so, I'll ask for my legs."
Yoshizaemon threw his right leg, which was inconvenient, in front of Hanzo. There are still traces of the mess of the middle wind. When he was a stationmaster in Magome, his eccentric father's calf, which seemed unlikely to be a healthy leg on the road of Hyakuri, touched Hanzo's hand at that time. I don't want to search for the once raised muscle riddle. The bones from the knees to the insteps are coming.
"Well, does your father have such cold feet?"
Hanzo talked and patted his father's feet patiently until he felt warm blood. From the time he went to Mt. Ontake to get rid of his father's illness last year, he gradually recovered his health, but he was aging and declining. Can't fight. My father is no longer a person who has lived in this world for such a long time. The feeling that came from my hand made him come true.
"Hanzo, there's a voice towards the highway," said Yoshizaemon with a loud ear. "I think it's a quick hikyaku again, but even an old man like me heard that voice."
At that time, Hanzo left his father's side and looked at the sky of the highway from the position of the edge of the back second floor like "Mataka". A pale moon is shining on the wall of the dozo, which used to hide Masaka Kureta when she came away from Kyoto, and the treetops of the persimmons planted in the garden. "Kozue" is also dark. Even the fast cloud leg that rushed over the pass caught his heart.
At first, the horses used for the military service this time were the orders of the Shogunate to halve the military service of Keian, but even so, the guidance when the shogun was launched in May of the previous year was numerous. The number was so high that more than 500 stones were allowed to use even spare hired horses, and there were no general difficulties for the people along the road. Even if not, the voices of distress and fatigue have flooded the nations. Looking at Edo, in addition to the serious recession since the abolition of the Sankin-kotai, the price of rice at the time of the general's departure rose to four or five squares per gold Ichi, and the turmoil of the poor is truly unprecedented. It was that. It's not the story of what happened in Edo during the seven-year famine of Tenmei. From the night of May 28th of the previous year, this destruction ran around Shinagawa-juku, Shiba | Tamachi "Tamachi", Yotsuya "Yotsuya", downtown, and the main office "Honjo", and Yokohama traders. It lasted for seven or eight days, destroying the houses, rice shops, and other wealthy houses. Along with the mobilization of various personnel at the time of the departure, the collection of food, the hoarding of rice grains, and the rapid rise in prices have driven the poor in Edo to such an extent.
The riots that occurred in May of the previous year are not limited to Edo. On the 14th of the same month, the destruction began in Osaka, and those cliques went from Namba to Nishiyokobori Uemachi, from east to west of Tenma, and destroyed rice shops, liquor stores, and pawn shops. Then, hundreds of people were arrested. In Hyogo, a riot started on the 8th and destroyed the Yoneya mystery in the same way. Even in June of the previous year, the price of rice continued to rise, and the poverty that occurred in the counties of Koma, Iruma, Hanzawa, and Chichibu in Wushu. The riot was slightly suppressed by the power of the sword spear.
It has already been about a year since the Shogunate advanced a large army from Edo to Osaka in such a difficult social atmosphere. Even though the shogun resigned once he decided, there were few vassals who were pleased with it, so he worshiped the command paper that he was not as good as Gosata, and he stopped again. The prestige of is also visible. The shogunate who embarked on to Osaka Castle could not proceed, and even if they retired, they were tossed for the Choshu clan several times and finally broke the fire of the war. The long front spanned the three roads of Sanin, Sanyo, and Saikai. The day before yesterday, Ii and Sakakibara's troops retreated from the Geshu exit to Hiroshima, and yesterday a Kiheitai from the Choshu domain appeared at Hamada in the Ishishu exit. In the air of hearing, Hanzo had no choice but to share the wartime worries with the villagers.
The war news is gradually coming as vague. The recent memoir "Kikigaki" that Hanzo receives from the west does not give any accurate information about the battlefield. That makes Hanzo terribly uneasy.
For a while he was thinking about going out to the edge of the back upstairs, but he came back to where his parents were and said.
"This section is no longer reliable for the story of Hikyaku. I don't have a good job. I want to go to Nagoya and find out what's going on in the west. I think, how about, can you ask your father and mother to stay away for a while? "
"Well, wait, let's all lie down and talk," said Yoshizaemon. "Hanzo can stretch your legs there. I'm sorry, why don't you lie down? This kind of consultation is limited to sleeping."
On the evening of July of the lunar calendar, Oman carried a lantern "Andon" to the next room, moved away from the light "Akari", and sat down beside Yoshizaemon. It's just a parent and child without mixing others. When the three of us lie down, we can see the story even in the dimly lit place. Besides, there is extra familiarity.
"Hanzo," said Yoshizaemon, sleeping on his cheeks and continuing his words. "As you know, people's mouths are noisy, and there is no excuse for your ancestors to say that the parents and children of the main team are lazy. Actually, for the past few years, you I was so worried that I would abandon my house and leave. Well, it's not like I'm looking after my house now, I have the feelings of your friends. But when you feel like it, I wonder who will take care of this road. Well, I'm such an old man. I've been thinking about running away from you, but tonight. I can say this tonight. I'm not so worried anymore. I'm glad if you don't go out silently and talk to me. "
"Well, my dad said that, and if Hanzo thinks about it, I should go out. We will take care of the absence anyway," he said with great effort.
Yoshizaemon was so worried not just because he was old and lonely. Or, like last year, Hanzo's friends, who welcomed Ronin Mito or kept a person of interest in the Shogunate at home, are just talking about the behavior of their friends. According to this father, the land conditions are different between Nakatsugawa and Magome, even in the same Bishu territory. It must be remembered that the eyes of Fukushima officials are constantly shining in the 33 villages of Kiso Valley. Even though Yamamura's husband, Danna, is a representative of Owari, he is not necessarily the same person as the Owari clan because he has a deep connection with the shogunate at the barrier of Fukushima, which is the site of the Kisoji highway. Rather, we must not forget that we are appointed by ourselves with the Hatamoto under the direct control of Tokugawa. This can be seen by considering the history of Mr. Yamamura, who used to be a leader of the Tosan road in the Battle of Sekigahara and had no loyalty to the Tokugawa family. Hirata | Atsutane It was known that the disciples after the death would be happy or not to be happy with the husband of Fukushima, and even from the local relations, Hanzo as a magome shoya. Does not have the freedom of Nakatsugawa's Keizo and Kozo. It is not something that the detective "Tantei" who changed his appearance should pay attention to the actions of Hirata Monjin and others. Besides, this is a highway.
"It's a world with ears on the walls. Well, I have to be very careful with Hanzo," says Yoshizaemon.
As Oman came up with, "In that case, you should do this." "Iwamura also has relatives of my family," and if someone asks while Hanzo is away, Mino " I've come to Mino's relatives, so let's get involved. Let's leave it, not to Nagoya. "
"No, if you say that to your mother and take care of your absence, I can go out with peace of mind," Hanzo replied. "I wouldn't leave the house silently. I think there would be a way for the shoya, and I wasn't really worried about anything more than leaving the house silently. "
For Nagoya, where Hanzo was about to go, there were various clues that were convenient for exploring the circumstances of Kyoto Osaka. Since Kiso is a territory of Bishu, there are many negotiations with the clan about what his house is, which also serves as the main wholesaler of Magome. His father, Yoshizaemon, was allowed to use the eternal kitchen sword, or even to have an audience with the lord, because he had been devoted to the kitchen of Oshu for many years. There is. In addition to this convenience, the clan's account magistrate, timber magistrate, and sakuji-bugyō riddle are people who always rest or stay at his house every time they come down the road. Not only that, there are not a few people in the Nagoya family whose ambitions are recognized by the Hirata monks. After the school rules of the clan "Hankou" Meirindo "Meirindo" were amended, many books such as "Yasushi dedication" were written to inspire the lords of the mountains. There is even a way to confess the current affairs to the lords who live in.
Originally, the Bishu family had opposed the start of the second Choshu expedition before the sky toward the West Sea became so dark. Last year, Yoshikatsu Owari (Yoshikatsu Owari) ran as governor-general of the conquest, and even the Choshu domain was subject to the saba of the retreat, and Masuda, a giant siege of Kyoto. Da, Kokushi, Fukuhara, Sandayu, and the chief of the staff, Saumasuke Shishido, and the following are slashed at Hagi Castle. , Mouri Daizen "Moridaizen" father and son also entered Hagi's Bodaiji Temple "Bodaiji" Tenjuin and expressed their decency, so further pursuit intensified the Choshu people and started any kind of disturbance It was the Owari clan that urged the shogunate to reflect on it, claiming that it was not a bad thing. However, officials of the Shogunate said that they would be generous with this procedure, did not listen to the conflict of retreat, and said that Choshu's guilt had a suspicion of suspicion. Sanjo Sanetomi "Sanjo Sanetomi" I have insisted on escorting the following five lords to Edo. The result is the uprising of the Choshu main warrior, who never tries to hit the shogunate.
The position of the Owari clan at that time was really heavy, even from the narrow range of sights of Hanzo. You can see that by seeing the inner mentor of the Shogunate, who will be the first governor-general of the long defense, to the Duke of Bishu. However, the Duke of Bishu changed his name from the former Mochinori to Gendo, and handed over the reign to his real child, Inuchiyo, who was retired, and he is already a retired person. Knowing that it does not fit the retreat at all in the fundamental opinion about the morning curtain, he realized that it would not be happy for the clan if the two masters were to stand up, and not only Namamugi. It depends on the fact that after failing in the Namamugi compensation case, he became a self of the times. This Prince of Bishu does not easily undertake the long defense conquest. It could not have been undertaken for the retreat against the reconquest. So the bowl turned to Kishu (Tokugawa | Mochitsugu). The first governor-general was a concession between Prince Bishu and Prince Kishu. At that time, Mr. Oshu said in a greeting to Kii Chunagon that he was a retired person, he was not involved in national affairs, and there were unavoidable circumstances in the inner circle, so he could not accept the appointment of one captain. The reason why I am going to Tokyo this time is because I can't stand to stand by the times when the general is going to move forward, and I have no choice but to do my best to be the loyalty of Ikko. I decided that it would be difficult to make a contract even if I was ordered, and in fact I couldn't reach myself, and I'm sorry but I couldn't do anything wrong. I could see the color of hesitation even in Kishu when I took over the initiative. It was December of the previous year that he asked the shogunate for 100,000 military funds, saying that he had already exhausted his national power due to the defense of Osaka since last year, and finally sent the warship general from Wakaura. It corresponds to.
This is true even for the Shinpan of the Shogunate. Mito was first suspected, Hitotsubashi was dismissed, and he withdrew to Bishu. As if, when Oshin, who had been in his 14th generation, leaned toward him, his relatives, Shinseki, who thought of his lord, were treated as an obstacle, leaving one person and two people. "Two" It's like leaving. At this time, no matter how hard you try, the corps from the first pioneer corps "Senpotai" to the 16th corps will be sent out to the Geishu Omote, and will be separated from Choshu and the Shogunate. There was something completely immeasurable ahead of this military service trying to overwhelm. However, there was no doubt about the victory of the Shogunate, and there was a big victory in the near future, and such a vain voice echoed to Kisoji Highway.
On the morning of the day when Hanzo was heading for Nagoya, the people and his younger son, Sakichi, woke up from the dark and worked in the hearth of the main building, Mist. It's because of the care of the house that I want to get my husband up early while I'm sleeping with the door closed in the neighborhood.
"My husband, Odan, no early."
It seems that Sakichi's voice is an early morning. When the Yoshizaemon couple came to see off Hanzo from the back retreat, it was still dim.
"Sometimes, what about Hanzo?" Yoshizaemon looked around. "Do you want Sakichi to send you to Nakatsugawa?"
"Yes, I don't want to accompany you," Sakichi said to his face, "I'm going to do that, and I've put all my straw shoes together."
"Maybe I'm going to Nagoya with Mr. Kazo. It looks like I went to Nakatsugawa and saw it. I think that people in the direction of Mino will also be able to meet this time," Hanzo said. Said.
"Now, what about the pattern in the west?" Yoshizaemon adds again. "I can't finish it at all with the heavy wind and rain that seems to have come to many places just by the turmoil of the war. It's just noisy. Hanzo should also be careful."
Inosuke, the senior citizen of the neighbor's house, has also returned to the doctor on the Tokaido on a curing trip. Hanzo confesses the situation only to this person and often asks him to take care of the post station while he is away. There are Seisuke and Eikichi to help the main team and wholesalers.
"Mom, please."
Leaving that voice, Hanzo went out of the back door with Sakichi. Even the children who got up early didn't even know that Hanzo had left the house from the back alley of Takeyabu in the bed.
Two
At the end of the month, Hanzo returned to his house from Nagoya via Toki and Oi. On the way back, the sun went down in Nakatsugawa, and from that point on, I walked along the Sanri night road to the entrance of Magome Village.
It was a time when there was no traffic on the highway. The slope of Ishiya, which leads from Aramachi to Magome's main inn, is also dark. The doors of the houses lined up on both sides of the post station are also closed, and a small amount of light is leaking from the small shoji screens at the gates that bear the names of each. Anyway, when Hanzo safely returned to the headquarters of his house, it was so scary.
"Children."
Hanzo first asked the people about it. Unlike the past, he seems to have returned with anxiety about his absence.
"You, my dad and my mom have been away from the main house since then. My dad was awake until a while ago. When you come back Please wake me up and go to the back and take a rest. "
The people said and showed it.
Hanzo, who had broken his leg bond during the relaxing period, began to tell his wife that he was glad he had come to Nagoya. My stepmother, Oman, also comes to hear the story of Hanzo. Yoshizaemon told me that he accompanied his friend Kakura to Nagoya on this trip, and that he was able to meet his acquaintances in the direction of Mino Owari, and that there were many things that he could gain. I got up from the back room "Heya" while lowering the cigarette tray "Tobacco Bon".
"Hanzo, how do you like it? Did you understand what Kyo-Osaka looks like?"
According to the report that Hanzo brought to his father, the plan to conquer the shogun was a disaster of the shogunate. What is the future of the Tokugawa clan by causing such an unreasonable military service, sending unwilling general graduates to remote areas, and spending a huge amount of military resources? There is no one who doesn't say that when he is absent from Nagoya Castle. The shogunate can no longer be seen. Yoshinobu Ichihashi is also a general guardian, so leave all the mysteries of the Choshu expedition to Yoshinobu, and promptly withdraw the general to Kanto, and watch the changes in the world for a while. For that, it is better to decide to return to Edo with the warship of the Shogunate who stays at Kokura Omote, because the human heart of this section is like stepping on thin ice. There is, it is hard to measure what kind of confusion it would be if you returned the land route. This is not only the intention of the shogunate who thinks of the lord, but also that the French minister, Rothes, who is trying to help the shogunate against Britain, gave the same advice, and its reputation is exclusively done in Nagoya. He told his father about it.
"Looking at it, what happened to this battle?"
"That's it. It seems that each clan didn't have the riddle to fight from the beginning and went out. It can be said that there is no clan that was prepared for a decisive battle against Choshu. Isn't it true that the soldiers were sent out in law to the shogunate? "
"But Hanzo, it's been almost March since this battle started. I've heard that there were six or seven battles."
"Well, my father, Tot, was in the Geshu exit, in the direction of Oshima, and in the direction of the lower Seki, which was all Choshu soldiers. I'm just trying to prevent it. Then I'm retreating, I'm retreating. I thought it was weird, weird. If you're really willing to fight, you've lost some people and you're supposed to be retreating so much. I thought it wasn't. If you ask the shogunate, Kodaira Sakakibara's descendant, Koei, is no good for Sakakibara's army, Hikone, too. No, Ii, the ancestor who made the name of Akaoni, should be ashamed of Naomasa, because now it seems like he's saying bad things about his allies. People don't say that. It doesn't know a lot of people inside and outside, it's just a statement after seeing the past power of the Tokugawa family. There is no longer a way to live for the shogunate. Each clan has come to think of their own clan rather than the Tokugawa government in a way that even one person does not damage the soldiers. It was. "
"When I see that, even the peasants of the Sukego villages are no longer moving just because of Tokugawa-sama's majesty."
"Well, I'm wondering what will happen to this situation around Nagoya's absence. From the beginning, Bishu is against such a conquest of Choshu, even using the stone of the retreat. For example, the shogunate did not fall into such a situation, and there is nothing that does not resent it. It is rumored that Hamada's castle has also fallen at the Ishishu exit. "Bossama" has heard rumors like a sickness. "
Yoshizaemon sighed deeply.
Anyway, this trip to Nagoya helped Hanzo open his eyes to some extent. By the way, I didn't go to Kyoto, and even though I didn't even see the teacher who is encouraging the students from all over the country, I went to Nagoya, where the air of the west passes, and Bishu. I came to know the people of Tanaka | Torasaburo and Juntaro Niwa who are lifting their heads to the clan, and they are very useful for the coming era. Just knowing that the feudal lords had begun to rush, he had the meaning of this little journey.
"It's too late tonight. Please rest both your father and mother."
After saying that, even after going to the store room, he couldn't fall asleep as it was because he was struck by what he had searched for in Nagoya.
I didn't tell my father, but the urgent situation in Kansai did not put him to sleep. Not only did he know this from the mouths of the people of the Owari clan approaching the royal family, such as Joun Tamiya, but he also helped the shogunate with Aizu. It is rumored that the coming Satsuma has changed direction from Kobu Kazukazu to the debate, and Satsuma's alliance is no longer an open secret, but even foreign powers such as Britain are helping. I also knew from. There is no need to wait for the restoration of the royal government in the previous year, around the second half of the first year of Keio, around the time when the truth of the resignation of the shogun became known, and it has already happened to the countries, and the Tokugawa family It is time for even the people of the Owari clan, who are closely related to each other, to think about it.
"Well, are you still awake?"
By the time the people woke up in the middle of the night and turned over by their husband, he was still sitting on the bed--the lantern under the pillow. Alone with a dark shadow master who throws it on the wall of the store room.
In August, heavy rain came over Magome Pass. The rain that began on the 6th changed to a thunderstorm from midnight, and a strong wind came, and the stormy pattern continued for two days. By the way, from around 5 o'clock on the second night, the rain continued to fall even harder, and when the direction of the wind gradually changed, it became an unexpected big wind of Tatsumi, and it blew all night. There wasn't. At the dawn of the third day, around 6:30 pm, when the wind and rain became calm, both Hanzo and the people were in the store room where the ceiling boards had collapsed. All the high walls from the main street to the lower back street were damaged.
"Oh dear."
It is the voice of the people that was taken in a hurry.
For the time being, Hanzo put on a light bowl "Karu-san" and went out to look around the house. He said that he had blown down about 100 roof tiles of thatched roof tiles, and it was Inosuke, the senior of the neighboring house Fushimiya, who ran to him to tell him that. That's it. I don't know about Tabata, but it is Kurobee, a wholesaler, who comes to his side and begins to worry, saying that Inaho may have been hurt so much in this rough weather. In the surrounding area, there is something that stands on the road after the wind blows and looks stunned. There are things that sympathize with each other. In the meantime, he turned back from the patrols here and there and said that the most damaged place was Manpukuji Temple in the village. There is something that says that six or twelve large trees have become rooted in the passage to the graveyard. In Fushimiya's reserve forest, about twelve large trees were blown off at Hioka Nunji Temple, and more than twenty pine trees were blown off at Nitta over Aonohara. Some come to tell us that they have no idea what the damage to the nearby forests in the teahouse or the mystery of the pine tree is.
By the evening of that day, reports of the damage to the villagers had gathered at Hanzo from both the Aramachi area and the pass area. At the inns east of Magome, there are rumors that neither Tsumago nor Midono-juku have any particular obstacles, and Nakatsugawabe is the same, and there are no rumors at all. .. However, because the damage to the neighboring inn | Ochiai was greater than that of Magome, about 14 or 5 crushed houses and even casualties were reported. It is rare in this region that such a storm has hit. However, it wasn't just that year that he came to the end of heavy rain, and the weather had been unseasonable since the previous year, and he said that such a rainy year was rare. Around the time I stayed at Hanzo's house, Ometsuke Yamaguchi | Suruga, I was worried that the rice grains of that year would ripen.
The poor harvest of the previous year was echoing in the savings of all the townspeople. Most of the rice ears in the rice fields are not fruitful. The reputation of bad harvests has already begun to stand among the villagers.
"I think the famine since the 7th year of Tenmei will also attack."
The voice that no one would say struck Hanzo's chest. When society is surrounded by the air of wartime and the rumors of internal and external illnesses are muffled, this is a natural disaster.
The meeting place where the innkeepers gathered was also rough, and by the time about 700 chestnut boards were carried around the wholesale store Toiyaba to replace the roof, Tsumago. Tsumago》 Honjin's Juheiji also came to visit Hanzo's parents and children on a day trip.
Hanzo had to worry about the shortage of rice and rice for the villagers. So I caught Juheiji and asked.
"Mr. Juheiji, how about your village, can you afford rice?"
Hanzo knew that this order was impossible. Fir, Tsuga, Sawara, Keyaki, Chestnut, and Hinoki, a wife's basket that seems to be held in the mysterious forest's inner pocket. We cannot expect the supply of rice to the people. There is even less cultivated land east of Tsumago. Bamboo grove can be seen in the terrain of the sloping Magome in the southwest, but even the bamboo does not grow in the depths of Kiso Valley.
At that time, none of the inn officials other than Hanzo were still. Including the wholesaler Kurobei, the elderly role Masudaya Kozaemon "Masudaya Kozaemon", the same role | I was struggling with Shosuke Sasaya of "Gashira". Just as Hanzo and Juheiji were in front of the meeting place, the neighbor Inosuke also retired there | Kinbe and Kinbe came back from the forest view "Kenbun".
"Mr. Hanzo, today I left home for the first time and took Inosuke to see the traces of the storm."
As usual, the story of Kinbei is detailed. According to this master's retreat, the fallen trees examined in the forest of the new teahouse run from the peak of Ochiai Sakai to Kazami Chidori. , There are more than 570 pine trees alone. Sugi, thirty-five, six. Forty-five large and small fir trees. About 600 chestnuts. If you add the 15 pine trees under the roof, the 15 pine trees at Bikunidera, and the 13 pine trees on the Aonohara bank, a total of about 730 large and small trees will be added. Has fallen. You can tell just by listening to this story how tremendous force the storm passed by.
"Well, I'm seventy, but I don't remember such a big wind. That's what you can tell by asking Hanzo's father, Toto. It's completely unheard of. "It's Mimon," said Kinbei, picking up the cane he had in his hand, and saying, "By the way, last night, Mr. Osho (Matsuun) of Manpukuji was also a hideout. In the meantime, there was a story about a fallen tree in the graveyard, and I used the timber for the mortuary cane, which the villagers had consulted with. Most of the time, I wasn't there, and I was the one who consulted with me. It's a very good mortuary tablet, so I answered and put it down. That Osho-sama is like Osho-sama. Did you think you would be told? "
"Sometimes, Mr. Hanzo, what happened to Iimai?" Says Inosuke.
"That's right, I was wondering if Tsumago would have more flexibility, and now I've asked Mr. Juheiji to do that. If Tsumago doesn't have rice, Yamaguchi How about, "Hanzo replies.
"Yamaguchi is no good," says Inosuke. "Actually, yesterday, I saw people. It seems that there isn't enough rice in that village to divide it into magomes. I refuse. The messenger has returned vainly."
"It's bad when it's bad."
Having said that, Juheiji looked around.
Soon after, Juheiji left, and Kinbei returned to Fushimiya above. At that time, even though all the villagers asked how to buy rice, the inns had the same bad crops, and the rice couldn't go in and out of other places at all. Not everyone in Magome's inn has such a thing. Even Kinbei, who is involved in buying and selling rice on a daily basis, rushed to say that there was a shortage of three bales of rice for his family for that month. Kinbei, who loves general contracts, has begun construction work on his head family and retired houses, and many craftsmen have come and gone.
In this case, there is no suitable way for a post station in Magome other than buying rice from the wide open Mino area of ​​the basin in the west. The messenger who requested it flew to the merchants of Nakatsugawa, especially Yasubei Manya, on a daily basis. When I hear that Iwamura has rice, even if I pay a high price, I have to hurry for a while. Iwamura rice is also sold, and the price is three bales for every ten cars. One box of rice, in fact, 624 sentences.
Hanzo went around to Setoda on the back almost every day. Occasionally, I went out with the peasants who went in and out with all the innkeepers to the inside view of Takata, who was devastated by the storm. Unlike his father, Yoshizaemon, Hanzo does not stay still at Fushimiya's hideout above. This long and energetic retreat was mixed with young people even at the age of seventy, and Hanzo and adopted child Inosuke walked together. Then, from early morning until near nightfall, I went to investigate rice cultivation in the eastern part of Togemura Nakata, Shiozawa, Iwata, and Oto. The next day, Hanzo and his colleagues started from the back Toda, went out to the bottom of Nodo, and went to Aohara from the buttock middle road of Machida, Naka Nitta, Hioka Nunji Temple. , Nun, and then Machida. At that time, Kinbei walked around with everyone. The desire to review the rice somehow was the desire to connect all of them. No one didn't want to end the harvest season of the year with a bad harvest.
Also, I was wondering about rice cultivation in the valley from the west, and Hanzo and his colleagues went out from the town of Magome to Hashizume and the back streets of Aramachi. From the inside of the house to the new teahouse on the border of Minoh, we made a total inspection. After mid-August, some of them fly to Hanzo, saying that they have reviewed the rice ears. Anyway, Kaneko of the village is out of stock, and the rice imported from the Mino area is expensive for the time being. The difficult Komae person said that and said that he had a wish for the innkeeper, and started to get close to him all over the village. In the end, even the carpenter plasterer took a break from work, and the things in front of the town were packed in Amitabha, and he consulted with Ueno | It became less calm day by day.
Kinbei said every time he saw Hanzo.
"Hello, we're in a terrifying world. Let's forgive the tribute to the rule, Haka, and the three peasants who come and go to us. All the people seemed to be in talk. "
Because such a retreat is said to be one of the best scholars in Kiso Valley, that Masudaya and his own house can be especially noticed by those in front of him. It looks like it's annoying. It seems that it is still extremely annoying to be told that the plasterer and other craftsmen have taken a rest after suspending the construction work due to the lack of rice and having the carpenter in Fukushima return.
"Mr. Kinbei," said Hanzo. "It's a lie that you've built up a lot like you, but you can't take off your skin at such times."
"No, that's why I'm saying that Kanekichi has two bales, Michinosuke has seven bales, Hanshiro has five bales, and for convenience, Mitsuishi Nanato is forgiving."
Kinbei's greeting << greeting >>.
Hanzo couldn't just listen to this person. As a shoya, he thought that he had to do whatever he could to save the one in front of him. At this time, he asked for a business trip from Kiso-Fukushima to the magistrate "Kenbunbugyo", and in some cases, he bothered Mr. Jinbei, Daikanyama, Oshu, and appealed to Nagoya for the poor harvest in Kiso-Yanaka. I wanted you to take into account half of the payment.
Unfortunately, the rainy day has come again. Heavy rain, which I think was a lot, started in the morning, and the direction of the wind changed from north to west. In the back room of the main team, there was "Yukaue" on the floor, and it rained on the bag cupboard "Fukurotodana". Hanzo was more worried about the villagers than his own house and wanted to hurry to look around the town again. The string of the light bowl "Karu-san" tied to the waist was also decent, and he went out from the "relaxation" room to the hearth and called his younger son Sakichi.
"Oy, Mino and Kasa."
With that foot, Hanzo went to the other side of Machida and saw it. The tip of the ear wet in the rain can be seen in five or six minutes. Depending on the rice grass "Izusa", it looks like the result of eight minutes. He was relieved when he learned that the reputation of the village peasants, who had reviewed it much more than the beginning, was not a lie.
The 14th Shogun | Iemochi's demise of the crown was reported by Osaka Omote in the midst of making noise in the village due to this bad harvest.
Three
At the Kosatsuba in the center of Magome's post station, people from high-sighted villages gathered. There are also merchants going to the back muscles who stop for some reason. Some travelers get off the horse and see it. People stood in front of the bulletin board on the left, which was transmitted from the Owari clan.
[# Indent from here]
"Kubo-sama, the unprecedented play of the throne, soro", but I couldn't take care of him, and the last 20 days | Gyo》 Played and struck. As it was said, Ichihashi Chunagon-den 《Ichibashi Chunagon Gondo》 was inherited, and from the last 20 days, he should be called “Uesama” and serve. "Mune", a sign that was revealed on the Osaka table. "
[# End of indentation here]
I went out the back second floor of the main team to Yoshizaemon, who tends to live in a muffled manner, and read this bulletin with the old friend Kinbei who came down from Fushimiya above. And both of them couldn't leave the vicinity of the Kosatsu hall for a while. It's as if the shogun, who had been demise at the young age of just 21 years old, was seen off from the highway. At that time, it was already mentioned that all the noise was stopped. Just as the former general was told that he was comfortable, he decided to stop the construction work at this post and express his decency.
In September, after seeing the autumn work "Akisaku" from Kiso-Fukushima, which the villagers had been waiting for, on a business trip to the magistrate, Mr. Yamamura, the representative of the village, will eventually complain about the difficulty of paying the tribute to Kiso-Fukushima. It was also reported that there should be a business trip to the prefecture, and when all of Komae's things became a little calm, the circumstances before and after the general's departure gradually changed from Nagoya and Fukushima. It came to be known to the meeting place of Magago. The announcement of mourning on the 20th day of August was required for the inheritance and funeral ceremony of the Demise of the Crown, and in fact it was beriberi on the 19th day of July. It is said that he was demise due to the illness of beriberi. It is said that the mourning was secret, as if the shogunate had been in command of the conqueror in Osaka until then. Ogasawara "Ogasawara" It has become clear that this is the reason why the Rōjū mystery left the battlefield. By the time Hanzo left Nagoya, the shogun was already in a heavy sickbed. At that time, I had a lot of thoughts about what I had taken in from Nagoya Castle.
Hearing that the Shogunate had died, the soldiers of the various clan were leaving the battlefield one after another. Even in the shogunate, which was waiting for "what an opportunity for a truce," Kishu resigned as governor-general and Chobo | Even the news that he was pleased with the proclamation of withdrawal was transmitted. It is said that the remains of the shogun at Osaka Castle were protected by Rōjū | Mino Mamoru Inaba and others, and were sent to Edo by the Shundou Maru. Looking at these announcements in my heart, Hanzo sensed that there should be a day when the groups returning to the east would eventually reach the Kisoji Highway. At the same time, I imagined the congestion that those Kanto people who experienced defeat would leave at this post.
Various << various >> rumors were transmitted. Iemochi's demise is due to the fact that Yoshinobu Iemochi was enthusiastic about Kyoto and the chief of the Satsuma and always opposed the demise of the crown. There is a person who hopes for Yoshinobu when it comes to demise, and neglects to take care of him during Iemochi's illness, and hastened the rest of the world. When it comes to more seriousness, Iemochi says that he was hiding with the poison he had put in his brush, and there are some who make such a speculation as if it were true. No, the shogunate in Osaka Castle couldn't withdraw. Tokugawa Iemochi, who was unfortunate, said that he was the victim of that, and said that he was faced with the difficulty of being difficult. Some are counted and shown.
"Dark, dark."
Hanzo said it alone, thinking of the dim air of a feudal society that could not be overcome without major changes, and even the cry of the Restoration, like the barking of chickens, that can no longer be heard in the skies of the nations. I took it with dimness and saw it.
"I think the samurai service has been done so far."
Hanzo, when he was with Inosuke at the meeting place, saw that he would make the face of the person he wanted to rely on, and broke it. Even he, who has a Shoya style, has felt that the lifeline of the Edo Shogunate is insignificant. He also felt it from the attitude of the Owari family. But no matter what collapse awaits him, he can't neglect to take care of the road for a day. At the same time, we must protect the post station from this poverty and exhaustion.
At that time, it became difficult to maintain the Magome post station itself. After consulting with Inosuke and other inn officials, he decided to throw everything away and submit an application for inheritance rescue to the Owari family, the lord.
"Well, there is no other way than bowing. Then, I will write a wish for the inheritance of the inn. I will ask Mr. Inosuke for the journal of the inn account. When I went to, I brought up this story and saw it. The people of the Bishu clan say that you should submit an application to the magistrate's office, but the clan is not enough, but let's do something about it. Isn't it-he said that? "
In the end, such an application should have been submitted to the Dochu Bugyo in Edo. Even when the Owari clan took it over and tried to take care of it as long as it arrived, there was a shift in time. When I took this out to Edo and saw it, it is unlikely that it would be adopted in the event of congestion after Iemochi | Demise of the Crown. Eventually, the public ceremonies from Osaka are approaching to chase after the return to the east. In a hurry, Hanzo set about making a draft of a wish to save the inn.
The draft was completed. He took it to his neighbor, Fushimiya. He read it with Inosuke and two people on the bright and quiet upstairs, which is located on the stone wall, which is higher than the main house.
[# Indent from here]
Accommodation inheritance salvation wish
Afraid to plead with a note << Sorou >>
"The ritual of the inn is a small inn that is rare on this highway, and the ritual of the role of 25 people is also the inn of the neighboring town Yamaguchi Yufunasawa villages. As with the lodgings, Shukugara was succeeded to the inn, and in addition to that, he was in a natural poverty due to the fact that he was in charge of going back and forth. 《Midoshi》, 7 ｜ Year of the Monkey 《Sarudoshi》 There are many deaths and dispersals due to another bad year. We asked for various efforts due to unforeseen ties, and thanks to that, we were able to inherit the inn. , In a small field in the mountains, the inn food was purchased from the neighborhood, salt, cotton, oil, etc. were not mentioned, and all the charcoal "Makisumi" etc. were purchased from other villages and used. The subsidy is thin, and the debt minister is in trouble every year.
――Ceremony of the role of going back and forth, officials, the role of the horse, the role of walking, the role of Nanari, the choba of the straw shoes, the daily hardships, the hard work, the snowy road in winter and spring, the frozen road Etc. are difficult to hold in the baggage | sorting, and there are many sick horses and thin horses. It is hard to get the right side of the horse every year, and the salvage rice and the extra salvage money are given. It wasn't enough at the horse, and because there were a lot of horses going back and forth in the horse, such as the strawberry shoes, the stipulated rent wasn't enough, and the luggage on the way back from the next inn wasn't enough. As for the hiring ceremony, the burden was unbearable due to the poor breeding of the ground horse, and as soon as the profits in front of me were separated, the difficult language became unacceptable. Straw shoes.
--Agricultural ritual, Hikae, because of the small size of the ground, we offer money to neighboring villages year by year, rent grass fields, or go to a distant horse foot that extends to one ri and two ri. Sasa, mowing, carrying, carrying, etc., finally nourishing the rice fields, and the body of the peasants is even more painful than Chikamura. On the occasion ... "
[# End of indentation here]
Hanzo sighed deeply as he read it.
"Mr. Inosuke, I thought so when I was handed over the three roles of Honjin wholesaler Shoya from my grandfather, my grandfather. It's like having inflated the debt of the inn on my behalf. If this was my grandfather, I might have done better. I'm really bad at this economy. 》 A man. ”
In the application, there were fires in the village both in November of the same year and in October of the first year of Man'en because prices have risen unexpectedly since the exemption from foreign trade in the 5th year of Ansei. I have said. Following the resignation of Mr. Kazumiya in the first year of Bunkyu and the lord of the Owari feudal lord in the same year | There are countless unprecedented large passages, such as the passage of officials returning from Kyoto, as well as the passage of Owari Dainagon to the prefecture and returning to Japan. However, over the course of several days, the villages of Sukego finally complained of exhaustion, and sometimes they did not even offer each horse. On the other hand, it is said that it is hard to do all the hard work that is not "one person". Due to these circumstances, the hiring of human horses was enormous, and the inheritance of the inn was uncertain. It is also said that without that understanding, miscellaneous expenses were only high because he was sent to the petition for 16 or 7 years instead of the one on the right. Regarding this, in the last three years of Ansei, he collected a lecture on the mother and child of 300 gold, and before that, he collected a lecture on 100 and set up a way to repay the lodging debt by those methods. However, in recent years, it has been inevitable that we are in dire straits because we have been spending a huge amount of money on hiring horses, paying interest on borrowings, and other accommodations, and the amount of deposits has not increased significantly from last year. It also claims to be in the state of.
Hanzo continued to read further.
[# Indent from here]
"--The inn of the previous article, which is difficult, and in fact, it's sad to say that it's going to happen. On the right side, there are more high-priced collections than last year. Because it is as much as a prayer for a long time, such as salvation and borrowing, this additional ritual is not perfect, and it is no longer possible to make a ritual for the mother and child, and the ritual of the union inn is also hired by a horse. When the debt minister and the help are unreliable at the cost of many ends, everyone is embarrassed and mourned how to inherit the inn.
――On top of this, the gracious sympathy of the previous article was placed, and even though I was afraid of the timely pattern, I wanted to borrow 2,000 gold, and I also wanted to give back. From this year, "Toradoshi", we have been paid for the next 20 years, and if we ask for help, we are all grateful for the arrangement. that's all. "
2nd year of Keio ｜ Tora 《Tora》 September [# 7 characters up from the ground] Magome-juku
[# Two characters up from the ground] Shoya wholesaler
Bugyosho
[# End of indentation here]
Hanzo and Inosuke exchanged opinions on this application. Inosuke doesn't have the sharpness of his adoptive father, Kinbei, but instead he is meticulous and modest, and is a good counselor for Hanzo. At that time, Inosuke took out the inn account journal and opened it in front of Hanzo. There is a panoramic view of the inn that does not cover up. As for the deposit of the inn, the amount of money collected as a subsidy from the horse rent within the year is the amount collected as a high percentage of the annual tribute "Neng". The remaining amount of money that was allowed in Kiso Valley long ago after deducting the allocation to the help village, Midenma, etc., Kiso Valley has an old history of switching bills | The remaining amount of "Chodakin" after deducting the distribution to the troupe and other roles is written there. As for the amount of payment, there are people and horses hired in the crowded section, the shortage of the basket "Hatago", the bookkeeping of the wholesale store and the horse finger "Umasashi" and the human foot. Salary for fingers and messenger Jozuka Ira, purchase price for lodging baskets, dividends for helper horses, repair costs for high bills and roads, and maintenance of wholesale stores Like the miscellaneous expenses required for. If you look at the book butt "Chojiri", which is the average of seven years, you can see that the deposit is 236, 3 minutes, and the coin is 381 sentences. Payment amount 411 and 3 minutes, sen 9 kan 633 sentences. This deduction, 175 gold coins, 3 kan, 242 sentences is insufficient. This shortage is accumulating year by year, and the amount of debt of the inn since the Yan'an era that has made up for it has risen to 16 units, and interest alone is 244 cars and 1 minute every year. I have to pay as much as Zhu. This was borrowed from the government office, from the deposits of the Shinmei Ko Eiyo Ko, from the merchants in Nakatsugawa, and from Iwamura's purveyor, Goyotashi, among which Magome's Masudaya Some of them were rebuilt by the owner of》 and Kinbei of Fushimiya. If you leave it as it is without making a law, the lodging may be destroyed. The content of the book was that he would like to be saved so that he could inherit the inn with the council of the Machi-bugyō.
Magome is a small station, but money moves because of the Kisoji highway. Whether or not I could survive the difficult times of this post, it was on the shoulders of the innkeepers. Probably not easy even with my father Yoshizaemon. It's Hanzo. He looked at Inosuke and scorned his incompetence.
Due to the damage of the wind, the poor harvest in Kiso Yanaka, the unprecedented rice high 《Komedaka》, the difficulty of inheriting the inn, and the worries of these things, October was soon reached at the inn in Magago.
Cold rain is coming to the top of the pass soon. In the deep air of autumn, there is a harbinger that the groups of the Shogunate who leave Osaka will go down the Kisoji highway and return home. It was also almost revealed that the date was about 13 days from the 13th to the 25th of October.
Kiyosuke, who came to the main team to help Hanzo, approached him and said.
"Hanzo-sama, what is the accommodation discount?"
"Would you like to go next time? Maybe Magome will have a lunch break at Midono's stay."
"The road is messy again."
Not only this Seisuke, but when I heard that it was going for 13 days, I turned my eyes to Eikichi, who works at the wholesale store.
Soon, officials from Kiso-Fukushima also came on a business trip, and the allocation of holidays for various groups began. Not to mention Hanzo's house as the main team, the neighbor Inosuke was also assigned to a resting place, and even Kinbei's retreat was ordered to stay at the Fukushima officials' inn. Under these circumstances, it is Inosuke who often comes to see Hanzo while thinking about Sukego and other things.
Inosuke said as he remembered.
"But I wonder what it's like, the one who loses the battle and comes back."
In this way, Hanzo and others waited for the public ceremonies coming out of Osaka on this highway.
It is a total retreat of the lonely Shogunate. On the fifteenth day of the month, a little later than the scheduled date, groups of downwards from the west came to the post station one after another. On the seventeenth day, the succession of human horses was taken in, and the care of fellow innkeepers was not the same. Depending on the day, people from neighboring villages Yamaguchi and Yufunazawa did not attend, so at the post station in Magome, even a female horse mowing was hunted and used as a cargo carrier. Some of the officials on business trips from Kiso-Fukushima departed from Magome in the middle of the night, worried about the congestion of the inn.
This large traffic continued until the 23rd. Even so, there is still a corps that will come in later. The samurai people who come to the top of this Magome Pass and send lunch time rarely talk about war. I don't even talk about the battlefield. However, we talked about the days when we could see Edo again.
One morning, Hanzo was in front of the meeting place. Heiji, a wife of Tsumago, visited him with a talk about how to stay.
"Mr. Juheiji-san, I'm sorry. I can't talk if I'm standing in a place like this. It looks like the officials have been smashed, and no one has come out yet today."
Having said that, Hanzo invited Juheiji to the store room of the meeting place. The story of the two of them fell into the groups that passed in front of them on a daily basis, as they aimed for intense fatigue from each other.
Hanzo said.
"From the time that Mito Ronin passed by, there was a feeling of alienation. You can no longer see such armor helmets and black eboshi hats."
"The time has come for all the changes," said Juheiji, "--with weapons and samurai clothing."
"Well, it can be said that the Choshu expedition hastened that."
"But, Mr. Hanzo, it seems that the guns and the large cylinder" Ozutsu "of the conquest army were old-fashioned and useless. It seems that the mini-ale gun was supplied to Choshu by the United Kingdom. If there is any doubt about the national situation, you can ask as many questions as you like, and the weapon was directly supplied from a foreign country. I don't remember, when the Choshu guys came out so big, there was Satsuma and England behind, and if I sent them more and more, it would be the same thing. Remember, no matter how many Hanzo-san took the initiative in excluding foreign countries, even if the people who chanted the pom-pom in such a loud voice changed the theory to turn the back of their hands. I wonder if it's a good one. If so, what is the reason for the previous punishment? "
"Hey, today you came from Tsumago, thinking about various things."
"Well, look at it. When I think that the voice of the rumors of breach has occurred, I immediately abandon the theory of voyage abbreviation. When I think that the treaty has been approved, it immediately leads to a foreign country. I'm surprised at how quickly these people seize the opportunity. If you say that it's a temporary, and this is also a temporary, it's up to that point, but honest things are confusing. There is a rumor that even the shogunate is trying to borrow the power of France. Britain is waiting for the country to split into quarters, but France is not the only one in France. There is a rumor that a good word is brought to the officials of the shogunate. However, even if there are people who say that the shogunate is trying to oppress the foreign clan by the power of a foreign country, the chief of the Satsuma is the shogunate by the power of a foreign country. No one says it's strange to have defeated. "
"That's like you-it can't be helped if you come to me."
Juheiji also started laughing at this. At that time, Hanzo inherited the words,
"No matter how much the defense chiefs are betting on the division of this country, I wouldn't say that they would rely on Britain. Shinsaku Takasugi, a reputable person, came up on the stage. Don't you know that if you do something bad, you can get into a foreign country? "
"That's right. Well, when it comes to the people of Choshu, do you say that it will take a great deal of means in such an emergency? Do you think that the supply of weapons from Britain is a small matter before it is important? We are both Shoya. If you look up from below, you will have this kind of discussion. "
"Anyway, Mr. Juheiji-The West has come in. It's a time to think about."
After Juheiji had finished talking about the lodgings and went back to Tsumago, Hanzo went from the hall to the front door of the main camp and walked around between the wide boards. When the congestion of the large traffic, which took 13 days during the lunch break at our inn, subsided, the rush of the shogunate who had been withdrawn to the total withdrawal remained after that.
The people showed their faces there,
"What were you talking about with Tsumago's older brother? The child went to the meeting place and wondered if you were fighting, and turned his eyes round. I'm back. "
"Well, that's the story. Today, there was a story that was unusual for Mr. Juheiji. I wondered if that person could be so excited."
"so much."
"Well, you're not a quarrel. Mr. Juheiji's story didn't blame anyone. He doubts that because the world is changing so rapidly."
"If you don't doubt anything, your brother won't know."
"Look, when it comes to such a turbulent time, various people will pop out. Some people will go crazy and some will go crazy. Some people came to this post and shook their heads in anticipation. "
"I'm lonely when I say that."
"Well, it's more straightforward and straightforward than wise and lost."
Hanzo's sleep-talking "Negoto".
The dream of a samurai who tried to put up the wings of Kaiten on the occasion of the 250th anniversary of Toshogu was also empty. For Edo, who departed with the Umajirushi of the golden fan high, the tears that the upper and lower things squeeze into the sleeves after losing Iemochi. In the endless grief toward the back of Edo Castle, waiting for the public ceremonies to return to the east. Not only that, in that big city, there was even more turmoil of the poor than at the time of the shogun's advance, and hungry men and women of all ages formed a flock, and a paper coverall with the names of the towns. Pushing the "Nobori", he came to the storefront of a wealthy tradesman and knelt down on the road, and he said that it was difficult to connect his life with various items such as rice prices | He even says that there are things that can't be guessed. The rich ones are given with one ton of rice, five squares, or two bales of bales, and other miscellaneous grains, potatoes, miso, and soy sauce are given, and those poor people cook as they get. It is said that it is awesome to stay in a camp in a vacant lot such as "Akichi" of the company "Yashiro" of the guardian "Chinju" in some places. The royal family of Kishu and other feudal lords was reduced, the diversion of the national tag "Kokusatsu" was dismissed, and the feudal lords asking for permission to cast this money (Tenpo sen) continued to be forged. It became a world that was so weak that even the money of "Ganzo" appeared.
The revolution is near. That idea did not let Hanzo rest. The shogunate exposed its powerlessness, revealing an era in which the feudal lords saw the warring states as if they were allocating power. At this time, the only thing that could be done as a weak shoya was to make an effort to make the clan theory, which is the closest to him, to the Qin Wang. In the midst of the opposition between East and West forces such as Aizu on the one hand and Satsuma Choshu on the other, Hanzo et al. ing. There are a feudal lord with Gen, and a feudal lord with Inu Chiyo. The clan theory wanders between Samurai and Qin Wang. Even if it didn't go to Kyoto, the narrow door "Tobira" was opened in front of Hanzo and others to let the voices of local volunteers go to the nearest Owari clan. He joined forces with Keizo and Kazo, contacted people in the Nanshin Tono region, and tried to reach out to them.
Four
March of the third year of Keio was a memorable season for the disciples after the death of Hirata | Atsutane. The new shrine, which had been planned for the valley of Ina, is finally about to be founded. The shrine was completed on the 21st of that month, and all the construction work was completed. Kada no Azumamaro, Kamo no Mabuchi, Norinaga Motoori, Atsutane Hirata, and the spirits of the four adults of Kokugaku are enshrined. The unprecedented solicitation transition ceremony "Kanjo Senguushiki" will be held at Jozan in Yamabuki Village, and the date has already been decided.
The actual founder of this rare Joyama Shrine, Monto Hirata ｜ Haruichi Yamabuki 《Yamabuki Shunichi》 unfortunately died in September of the previous year without seeing the completion of the shrine. Due to these circumstances, Ichitonza came to this project, but Haruichi's Tsuguko Sataro and Bettei | Katagiriemon got the help of people in the same group, and this was done. It was continuously completed. As a result of all the efforts of Yamabukisha, the spiritual charges given by the bereaved families of the four adults are all invaluable relics. A copper bell from the main house in Matsusaka. From the Kamo family in Hamamatsu, it's a four-inch nine-minute unsigned | Shirasaya's dagger. A brass circular mirror from the Narita family. Also, from the Hirata family, a crystal ball and an old lapis lazuli ball connected to a ring with purple thread. In addition to this, Atsutane, a mentor who was especially given by Tetsuzou at the behest of Yamabukisha, is a beloved positive stone.
Every time this report arrived in Magome, Hanzo wanted to talk to his parents and his wife and attend the sengū ceremony, which was set on the 24th day of the month. The good thing is that there are many demons. About two days before that, he was sick, and on the day when Keizo and Kazo of Nakatsugawa came to invite him, he was in bed.
"Can Hanzo go out?"
"It's a shame. We were looking forward to it with the promise to go with us from around this New Year."
Although these two friends left Yamabuki Village in Ina, Hanzo saw off with his normal clothes hanging on his sleepwear Nemaki.
In March of that year, the spring of Ryoan also came. After leaving his friends, Hanzo returned to the store room and opened a shoji screen facing southeast. The mountain family is also a flower bud, but it is lonely when the year is only the year. He was looking at the buds of the peony that was swelling in the garden, and it was on the 10th of New Year that he was touched by the demise of the crown on this road. I remembered that the Demise of the Crown was on December 29th of the previous year. From the beginning of December, there was an unforeseen mess, and in the middle of the month it was decided that smallpox was a smallpox, and the emperor Mikado, who all the people looked up to as the father of peace. Has finished his 37-year-old life, which has many difficulties.
On the one hand, there are people under the lord of Iwakura who are trying to break the national innovation in a hurry to restore the royal government, and on the other hand, there are people under the Aizu feudal lord who are trying to take care of the emperor's secret imperial religion. There are. Some even tell that the emperor, who keeps Kobu Kazukazu in mind until he gets tired of it, has been recruited for his illness. Above the clouds is beyond the imagination of Hanzo. Of course, there is nothing wrong with the rumor that is transmitted to the wind stool even in the grass lawn of this countryside. But he was saddened by the atmosphere of such a society. Perhaps the only thing that will make the world a reality is, considering the difficulties of an era when even one of the superiors, Kamigo Ichinin, wouldn't be able to do what he wanted. He thought it would deepen the heart of the rumors.
Under the pillow, there is a book by Motoori Norinaga, "Mitama, the spirit of Naobi." He opened it. In the past, he often thought that the things that would stand on the side of Qin Wang, whether they were from the training of the samurai family or the ones who followed the ancestors, had different paths to each other and had the same reconstruction. I am aspiring. When I met the Demise of the Crown, which had various rumors, it was no longer possible to be saved by such kindness. From that heart, he repeatedly looked at the book of the adult Motoi and brought himself in front of the old man who asked for his daily soul.
According to Norinaga's words,
"In the great world of ancient times, Omiyo has no more words to say," Kotoa. "
Also, I say,
"Everything that should be said, no matter what the teachings of" Yorozu ", what is the way to go is the sword of a foreign country. The foreign country is heaven. Because it is not in the kingdom of Amaterasu Omikami, without the appointed Lord, you get the god of the narrow fly, and by the rough, the human heart. A person who says "Amaterasu", "Amaterasu", "Amaterasu", "Yako", "Yakko", "Yako", "Immediately", "Kami", and "Kami". The lower one is taken away by the person who is called "Shimo", and the lower one is taken away by the upper free time. It is possible that the country is harder to rule than in ancient times. In it, there is power, wisdom, and wisdom. A person who has a good amount of deprivation, who governs the country well for a while, and who also becomes a later law, is said to be a saint in Amaterasu. \ In order to plot to seize the land of man, he smashes his heart, afflicts himself, and does all the good things, and licks all the people. , The saint listens to a really good person, and the road that he has created is also noisy. If you turn your back on you and make you slaughter and rob you of the country, you will all be false, and you will not be a good person, but you will be a bad person. Of course, it is only a way to deceive people by making it with a filthy heart, and even though it is a respectful servant to the other person's table, it is true that no one is protected. If there is no one who works, it will not help the country, and the name will spread, and finally, without going to the world, the path of the saint will be a mess. The gods of the world who swear, "Zusa", can be struck by the sword. "
Many falsehoods of supremacy, national struggle, conspiracy, skill and wisdom, and masked mysteries of institution and morality are laughed at in this "Mitama" spirit of Naobi. Hojo, Ashikaga, Oda, Toyotomi, and Tokugawa Mystery Bukemon are not written outright, but I read them with a little care. I don't think there are any people in this country who don't want to think about it in the past. In "Spirit of Naoki", the politics since the Middle Ages, the system of "Ame" under the heaven "Ame" was transferred to "Karagokoro", and the blue man grass "Aohitogusa" of this country. I mourn that even my heart has moved to that meaning. "Don't worry about the great will of the Emperor Sumeramikoto, but the heart of each one," that is, the foreign country "Adashi". It is said that it was learned from Kuni. Before the samurai era-more specifically, the implications for the pre-samurai era, where there was no conflict between Kusunoki and Ashikaga, are given here. It is taught that the reign of the emperor of the reign "Miyo" was eventually the reign of God, and that there was a natural way of God. It is also taught that the way of God is the nature that didn't even have the word "way".
It was the "Spirit of Naoki" of the adult Motoi who pointed a completely new direction to what he walked afterwards, such as returning to this nature. A detailed report of the ancient discoveries that began in the quest for words, such as knowing this joy, is the "Kojikiden," which spent more than thirty years on the old man. Naobi is an old word that expresses a natural function, and its power is to fix it well, to make it healthy, to break it well, and to fix it well. The shivering of national scholars is born from that. The old man's restoration is rehabilitation and innovation. The path to a true revolution is what the old man, who was born early in the dawn of the Tenmei Kansei era, showed.
With that idea in mind, Hanzo sat on the bed and put his hands on his knees while telling himself.
"It's not Mr. Juheiji's words, but we can only think of this when looking up from below."
On the day of the sengū ceremony, Hanzo folded the bed that had been laid in the store room from the afternoon. He had just stopped diarrhea and he still had a pale face, but he still helped the people to sweep through the room and clean up the alcove leading to the Fukurotodana. Diarrhea.
The spiritual title of the four adults of Kokugaku was written on the alcove just as a sign of "Yohai". Sukune Hakura Adult "Kada no Sukune Hakura no Ushi". Kamo Prefecture Lord Okabe Adult "Kamo no Agata Nushi Okabe no Ushi". Akitsuhiko Mizusakurane Adult "Akitsuhiko Mizu Sakurane no Ushi". Shinbashira adult "Tama no Mihashira no Ushi". It's as if those four great seniors all came to this remote mountain family. And, as if to enjoy the mystery of miki and rice washing offered by the Hanzo couple.
It is Kiyosuke's hand that is indispensable at such times. Kiyosuke's minions are much more dexterous than Hanzo, with a variety of vegetables such as winter vegetables, fuyuna, warbler, burdock, and carrots, along with dried persimmons. I put it on the table and enjoyed the space between the floors.
The Hanzo couple has grown up with children. My sister Kume is twelve years old, and my younger brother Sota is ten years old. The children of this sibling were also taken to Oman and brought there the flowers of a large nine-year-old mother, Kunenbo, and an apple, which were given to him by his neighbor, Fushimiya. When Inosuke heard that there was a sengū ceremony, he told him to offer it to the spirits, and sent a wonderful nine-year-old mother to the main team.
The children made a fuss as if they had come even on an unexpected festival day. Oman is cute, while seeing off her granddaughter running out of the room
"But people, isn't it early? Sota isn't that much yet, but Kume is already paying attention to the mystery of adults. Listen carefully and listen to everyone. I'm doing it. "
"I can't really talk about what I was careless about where that girl was."
The people also laughed.
It is said that the ceremony of the day will be held in Yamabuki Village at the time of the night ox. It is said that almost all of the main Hirata monks from the valley of Ina to the riverside of Nakatsugawa, and the enthusiastic people who have been heard as worshipers of Atsutane, even if they have not yet started, will attend the old-fashioned festival. Hanzo thought that he was the only one who had leaked to his companion, and with a new mindset with the hakama on, Yamabuki Village | Okariya from Okariya to the main shrine of Joyama Shrine. I imagined the four adult spirits of "Depression" and "Mitamashiro", and imagined who and who should be the one who offered them.
That year, after the bad harvest of the previous year, and also because of the darkness of Ryoan, he requested a frugality in the inn, and even at the New Year's regular house prayer, Ikito, the main team cut soba noodles only for his wife. I just celebrated. Under such circumstances, Hanzo, who celebrated the day of the sengū ceremony, gathered Seisuke and Eikichi in the store room and grilled * [# "fish + 昜", 274-16] "Yakisume" as a side dish "fish". He acted as a squid "Miki". By the time the torch was lit between the floors, Inosuke also showed his face, so Hanzo read the song mystery in front of each other against this neighbor. Before I knew it, Inosuke became a friend of Hanzo's song, and he was the kind of person who took care of the road as an elderly person and made a straightforward song that impressed Hanzo in his leisure time, which is the mystery of sake brewing in the family business.
The night was dandruff. Inosuke also went home. By the time there was a rumor that the procession had begun to move in Yamabuki Village, somehow a terrifying thought filled Hanzo's heart. He imagined the brilliance of Matsuaki moving in the middle of the night, the mystery of Sakaki and the rattan, and the mystery of Nusa, the bow, and the halberd. I took that imagination to the spiritual era of the four adults who were dedicated to the people of the same family. He was also able to imagine and see his senior Masaka Kureta, who was in the procession, and his friends Keizo and Kagura. The people do not sleep that night either. She was awake with her husband, and instead opened the door of the store room and went to see the sky to the southeast. At the end of March of the lunar calendar, flowers smelled outside the dark door.
With the story that 160 disciples of Atsutane attended the ceremony, including the people of the same gate and the quasi-same gate, Keizo and Kazo went to Ohira Pass. It was about two days after that that I returned to Magome after passing over.
"Aoyama-kun, I'm finally in the blue sky."
There is also Masaka Kurita who accompanied Keizo and others from Ina. As Masaka enters the year of darkness, she is in the midst of a forgiveness, and is on her way to Kyoto again after she has escaped from the borderline of the nomadic Ruro who has been sneaking in for many years.
Not only two friends but also this senior was welcomed into the house, and Hanzo opened the shoji screen between the two friends with a view to the west. I made a seat for the guest in the room. First and foremost, he wanted to hear about the day of the festival at Joyama Shrine.
"No, everything went well," said Keizo. "After the ceremony, there was a dance of the sword" Mai "and a gagaku of the requiem" Tamashizume ". Anyway, it's a rare festival for Ina Valley. The votive bamboo blinds are coming from the Gojo family, and the Hirata family is donating the swords of the collection of books to horses. . Why can't you see Hanzo-san? Everyone in Ina was disappointed. "
"At least I wanted to show Hanzo-san only the procession that night," says Kazo. "Matsuo's mother, Taseko, also went out of Kyoto, and there were still three or four other women in attendance. In each case, a dagger was sandwiched between the belts, and it was eye-catching to accompany the spiritual era. "
At that time, Masaka took out Otaru, a sacred sake from Miki, and a fold of dried sweets, Higashi, which came from the Joyama Shrine.
"Come on, this is it."
That said, the commemorative items offered for the festival cage were also divided into Hanzo.
"No, this will give you something good. Let's rejoice in my grandfather."
Hanzo rang his hand and called the people. When I saw the people who came there and entertained the guests, Masaka had a slightly different look.
"I just gave a greeting to my wife, and I haven't thanked him yet. When is Kurita hidden in the storehouse of your house?"
Everything I was listening to started laughing.
When it comes to the story of Atsutane's beloved positive stone that the Hirata family donated to Joyama Shrine, there was a constant laughter in the troupe. It is said that the desire to leave and convey that positive stone-a symbol of a man-as one's own spiritual era "Mitamashiro" was thought out before the life of his predecessor, but the Hirata family should give it to others unnecessarily. It wasn't a thing, so I kept it a secret. Before I knew it, it was heard to the world, and the people who liked it were unreasonably interesting, and it has become a source of high rumors. It was a begging. It is said that the Hirata family was very annoying. The mystery of not giving up to Yamabuki because there is a desire from the Tencho or the upper part of the temple is a ridiculous person's saying that such a thing should never have happened, and there is a letter like the one on the right. However, he refused, saying that it was not an item to be presented. However, people in Yamabuki-sha heard that it was a relic of a mentor who had even examined the article of "Indozoushi" by Kurashi Indo, and he begged for it. If there was such a desire, the Hirata family sent us the Taiyo stone of the Holy Spirit. It had various conditions. Since it is a suspicious item in terms of morals, I want to make it a place that people can not easily see, no matter how small the place to put it is not painful, like Itamiya or Zushi. Anyway, there may be a vacant lot "Akichi" outside the main shrine in a place where there is nothing in the main shrine, so I would like you to place it in such a Tamagaki. It is said that he wanted the chain to be firmly established because it is not always the case that the good luck person will steal it.
"But Mr. Hirata also made a bold move," says someone.
"That's what makes it different from Mr. Motoi. Mr. Motoi deeply explains the love and mercy of men and women, and the mercy of things. It's blatant. Thinking is naked. Suddenly, it's born and it's fluffy. "
There was also such a story.
On that day, Masaka didn't send time to Hanzo's house for too long. Kagezo and Kazo also stood up together, just to convey the pattern of the festival. While Hanzo's family said they wanted to stay overnight, the three guests went to the garden and tied the straw strings.
"Mr. Kurita is going to Kyoto. I can't take it easy."
Hanzo told his wife and hurriedly joined the customer while poking sandals in the garden. He did not go out from the front gate to the highway, but invited guests to the back door.
"Mr. Kurita, I will guide you to that point. There is a quiet narrow road here."
He took the lead and guided Yoshizaemon through the retreat and the dozo, and went down the stone steps about the digging well. Passing through the back Kido from the front of the wooden hut, Yonekura Mystery, you will find the back road of the village parallel to the highway along the bamboo grove of the main camp.
"By the way, what are you doing with Masakazu Shikaoka? Maybe you went to Kyoto before me. That Shikaoka was also in the midst of this forgiveness, and he picked up life. Let's think that we have done "Life". "
While stepping on the soil where the blue bamboo roots appeared, Masaka walked around and said about her old friend. In the Sanjogawara incident, the day of liberation has finally come to the fellow priests who exposed the neck of the wooden statue by General Ashikaga. Masaka told the Ueda domain the rumors of Masatsugu Shikaoka, who had been a prisoner, and showed Hanzo the joy of today.
Beyond that, you can see the forest of Manpukuji Temple in Magome. I went to Hatake and waited for Kagezo and others to talk and talk with Masaka and Hanzo for a while. There are also spring grasses that come out of the hard ground and have flowers. It's also at their feet. Masaka looked at Hanzo as she stepped back to the persimmon tree between the fields, asking what kind of spring in Kyoto would be waiting for her.
"Now, what will happen to the time? The great battle of Sonno Jōi does not end in a private battle. It is like one or two clan rewarding the old grudge of Sekigahara. It must be. This must be a national rebuild. "
"In Kyoto, I'm sure Mr. Kanetane will be waiting for you."
"Well, this time it's like going to be scolded by that teacher. But Aoyama-kun, please take a look. After a long wandering, I was able to do some training."
Suddenly, people in the same class also moved. As mentioned in Masaka's story, Masatsugu Shikaoka and other Hirata Monjin who were in a row in the Sanjogawara incident of eight or nine people met with the upcoming forgiveness, and Shitetsu in Kyoto again. I'm about to gather around the seeds. Masaka himself is on the way to Tokyo with the aim of moving to the Sawa family, and Yoshimitsu Kurasawa, who is a local servant of the Shirakawa family with the same seniority, and Hara | Nobuyoshi The "Nobuyoshi" mystery is looking for an opportunity to move to Tokyo. Matsuo, who is said to be the Iwakura family's Zhou Senbaba and is important among many scholars, and active women like Taseko will have a date after returning home. It cannot be sent in vain. Even Keizo, who has a relative with Taseko, is about to leave Nakatsugawa's house, thinking of coming back to Tokyo.
On that day, Hanzo saw off Masaka and Keizo to the outskirts of Magome's inn, and returned to his house on the same road. After that, the festival memorial miki "Miki" and the confectionery ori "ori" that three guests came all the way from Yamabuki village remained. He put it on the Kamidana of the house and said to his wife who came by.
"People, let's keep this miki all over the house. Let's share the sweets with everyone."
"I'm sure my father will be happy."
"I want to get this and sleep well tonight. When I think about it, I can't sleep. How noisy I can hear in my ears."
"It's often the case that you can't sleep."
"Look, Keizo-san is going to Kyoto soon. It looks like he can't linger."
"You-you should be with the ones at home. Be with your dad. What may that dad do at any time?"
"That's not to say to you. Well, I got a miki from Joyama Shrine and I'm going to sleep well tonight. When it comes to this kind of time, I can't look after the local mystery. An unsung hero like that-yes, I think I'm an unsung hero, but how about it? The painstaking mystery of the post station is that you have no swearing. "
The couple diddge these words.
The season was good for those traveling, and eventually, on this highway, we waited for a party of Nikko Reiheishi as usual. By the time I heard the voice of April, the harbinger had come.
There is nothing that tells the truth of one aspect of society at that time, like the passage of the "Reiheishi-sama" who is afraid of peasants, like the Great Storm of the 210th. It's nothing more than intimidation and extortion. If you have three or forty cars of money that squeeze the Magome's lodgings in one line every year, the price of changing three bales for every ten cars is nine to twelve bales. Rice can be imported from the Mino region.
In fact, in March and April, the time when peasants often said that they couldn't eat was coming to this region. What's more, it's the bite after the bad harvest of the previous year. At the two gates of Masudaya and Fushimiya, a large brewery in the inn where thefts occur constantly due to the continued high price of rice in the world, sell for 600 sentences per square of white rice. Some people even stick it in the middle of the night with the phrase "". It is difficult for Kinbei of the above Fushimiya to catch up with the four bales of rice and rice in the name of the celebration of the ancient rare Koki, in order to moisturize the entire village. In the town of Magome, Aramachi, and Togemura, it was a time when people were making noise saying that they had to give rice to very difficult things and start with rice.
There is "Reiheishi-sama". The group, who begged for money at the inn on the way to the destination and even shook their feet, was a large group of about 500 people, including the Lord Kuge and the Daisojo. With the momentum of a literally big storm centered on the gold coin "Gohei", on April 6th, I stayed at Ochiai and brought it to the post station in Magome. There can be no voice complaining about the difficulty of the post station in the ears of violent people who can sleep and eat for at least a year after making a round trip between Kyoto and Edo. Even the local people, who have been obedient to obedience, could not have any more patience against the looting of such a terrifying "Reiheishi".
"Run away, run away."
The voice came from a fellow inn of the meeting place who was appointed as a successor, as well as from a fellow inn and horsepower who gathered in front of the wholesale store. Inosuke, who had just packed up in the meeting place, flew to Hanzo in a hurry.
"Mr. Hanzo, all the things in the meeting place have already run away. People who put their hands on the sword are chasing after them, saying that they went there, they went there. You too are with me. Please run away. "
Hanzo didn't even say anything about this. He just didn't hold hands with Inosuke and sneaked down from the back door of the house towards Honjinrin.
"No, stop laughing, stop laughing."
Saying that, Kinbei jumps out of Fushimiya above. Yoshizaemon goes out from the back second floor of the main team. As the two retirees argued, they jumped out onto the road, faced each other astonishingly, and looked around, after a group of messengers passed by Tsumago.
"Huh, huh, huh, huh."
Yoshizaemon was Yoshizaemon, and I didn't know if he was crying or laughing.
At that time, Hanzo was already 37 years old. Unlike when he was much younger, he didn't have to hurt people so much, so he could catch any of the Kiso-Fukushima officials and appeal to the villagers he cares for. I also got the courage to say that it was about the bad year of. Around the time when the wisteria flowers bloomed on Kisoji, he went back and forth between Magome and Fukushima, and Daikanyamamura also went to encourage him to run for Nagoya Omote. It goes without saying that the Owari clan was silent about the difficulties of the lords and the exhaustion of the post station. Even in the same clan, he often did his best for the Kiso region. In the winter of the previous year, 600 cars were rented to Miya's Koshi, Agematsu, and Magome's Sanjuku for two years as a rescue at the post station, and in the New Year of that year, Kiso Yanaka We distributed 5,000 cars as a discount. Not only that, the villagers of Magago have pleaded for half of the tribute to the gods, "Onengu", and in addition to this, it is said that this is a special case, and in March, 60 stones of rice were used. Over 190 gold coins were divided into three parts, and 17 coins and 10 bales of rice were used to rescue the poor.
The salvation of the Owari clan was not immediately received from right to left, and the villagers had to starve while looking at the helping hand in front of them. It was at this time that Hanzo gathered Inosuke and other inn officials at the meeting place and started giving rice as a magome inn for the next 15 days. Dividends are paid to Magome Town, Aramachi, and Togemura. White rice, one by one | There are five old children each.
Such a day eventually continued for ten days. In the village, the skin of a pine tree was mixed with rice, and a mystery of a natural yam was dug up to survive hunger. When I heard that, Hanzo wanted to solicit appropriate relief for volunteers in the neighborhood, saying that it should not be abandoned, but decided to take the initiative in opening the storehouse of his own house.
The morning of the smoke of pine needles came from the earthen slab that was built in the place where the door of the main camp was opened. The old cauldron used for mochi was hung on it. Some of the peasants who come and go on a daily basis come together and work in front of the Kamado. Some carry rice from the storehouse to the mouth. Even the people and the people wore towels and sashed the sash, and struck white porridge for the most difficult things.
Hanzo called Sakichi and said.
"I'll ask you to go to the village. I'll behave the morning porridge, so anyone who wants should come down with a trowel and say so. Give me. "
Seisuke was standing beside that,
"Hanzo-sama, let's give this as a tag of how many people in my wife. Let's divide one white rice into eight water and act three times for each person."
By the time this story became known to the villagers, the poor black hoe mystery with a small pail was invited to each other and gathered inside the main gate. That morning, Yoshizaemon was worried, and he followed the cane from the back second floor toward the main building, Haze. "Why do you say that the Great Tenmei Famine wasn't like this? That year remains in my old notebook of my family. Masudaya. However, at both Fushimiya and Umeya, they started burning and served porridge to about 100 to 120 people every morning. "
It is a memory story of Yoshizaemon.
By the time May was reached, the villagers of Magome had survived such a difficult place. Rescue money from the Owari clan was distributed, and Oi rice came in. All of the peasants gained strength from the harvested wheat, and became energized by the busy farming that followed Shibaoto and Sanaeto. I want to plant rice here and there. Unlike the previous year, when the wind, heavy rain, and natural disasters came all the way, I heard that the cheerfulness was extremely good, and in the last memory of 71 years old, I was cured by Asai's doctor in Mino. There are also people like Kinbei of Fushimiya, who thinks of his trip.
The flight from Keizo, which entered Kyoto around the time of Masaka Kurita, gradually arrived at Hanzo. He read the news from his friend Kyoto, and imprisoned more than 40 people under Fumihisa | Genji, who suffered a morning sword from Prince Arisugawa. I learned that Iwakura, who had been waiting for an opportunity for a long time, was allowed to enter Joraku. The people of Dojo, who were samurai to the left and right of the emperor and had full control of the imperial court, are gradually retiring from their positions, and the central power in the imperial court is also shifting. The letter from Keizo says that it is almost impossible to measure how far the influence of the late emperor | Demise of the Crown will reach. The new emperor can only reach the age of ending his boyhood, and on the other hand, there is Satsuma, who finally makes the flag color against the Shogunate bright and connects to Kuwana and others. On the other hand, there are Aizu and Kuwana who keep the creepy silence behind the new general, and there is Bishu who stands in a delicate relationship between them, and there is Tosa and Echizen. There is "Echizen" and there is Geshu, and it is said that the noisy opening of Hyogo and the disposal of Choshu are about to become a problem. It is said that the human heart now knows little about where to go, that the inside of the feudal lords is about division and party conflict, and that there is nothing else to unite all the people other than the superior. Perhaps the struggle was more than the gods, and it is hard to measure the great will of God to have one of the superiors rule the all-out tribe. There is also.
Five
A store with a storehouse.
This came from the mouth of Oguri Kozuke, one of the leaders of the Tokugawa Shogunate, who seemed to be trying to support the leaning Tokugawa Shogunate. It is a word. What is a store with a storehouse? It suffered from the repair of warships and steamships purchased by the Shogunate from foreign governments, and with the cooperation of Oguri Ueno and his friend | Kitamura Mizumi, from around the first year of the Genji era. With that plan, it finally refers to the new shipyard of Yokosuka, who started management from the beginning of the first year of Keio. Why is the shipyard a store? Why is it said that even if Noshi is finally dyed as a flag on the finished product, it will still retain the honor of having a storehouse? This is not Oguri Ueno's temporary humor. In the heart of it, it is a word from a person who knows that current affairs can no longer be dealt with, but as long as the shogunate exists, he must do his duty for a day. In fact, there were people like this in the shogunate. There were also people in the shogunate, such as Mizumi Kitamura, who said that those who knew the meaning of such humor would know the meaning of that humor. In other words, a new dock shipyard was being opened by the shogunate at the fishing port in Yokosuka, not far from the Kugomura village in Miura, where the Yamagami clan lives. That's right. Following the example of the French port of Tulong in the Mediterranean, the scale was slightly reduced, and plans such as steel mills, docks, shipyards, and warehouses, which had never existed in the Orient, began to occur there. And the fact that the Edo Shogunate was following the fate of its downfall seems to make us eager for the coming era, even while we were keenly aware of it even inside the Shogunate. Such modern equipment was hidden in the corner "Ichigu".
Shogun 15th ｜ Yoshinobu is like a person who appeared in the last generation of Tokugawa looking at the tag of this store with a storehouse. Regardless of whether he liked that person or not, it was Yoshinobu, who inherited the Tokugawa family from Hitotsubashi, who had to look up as a shogun at that time. However, it must be remembered that this new general, who is a tribe of the nobleman, has been in politics both inside and outside the country for many years, has a wide range of knowledge and experience, and is by no means an ordinary nobleman.
Yoshinobu's new life began with the start of numerous reforms. This is partly due to Yoshinobu's will since the Bunkyu Reform, and partly because the blunder of the Choshu expedition prompted the Shogunate to awaken. At the time when such a shogunate advanced a reckless army to the west, it was scary to wake up now, without taking into account the retreat of Owari and the mysterious conflict of the Echizen feudal lord. However, what I woke up late was that I couldn't help but win. Due to this war, the military system and systems of the shogunate and other feudal lords were suddenly urged to reform. In the past, dozens or more than a hundred vassal servants followed in a line, and the number of servants under the banner "Hatamoto" was five servants even if it was more than Mangoku, and one samurai under the cloth "Hoi". It was reduced to one person. Two hundred years of traditional red tape "Hanbunjokurei" [# "Yoshinobu" is "Yoshinobu" in the bottom line] was abolished with amazing momentum, and both top and bottom competed to move to the Western simple style "Fu". It was during this Yoshinobu era that even heavy officials began to feel comfortable walking alone. As a result, the French training center was built, the military ship training center was changed to the naval training center, and the English-French training center was opened in Yokohama. Abolition of Kobushin Bugyo rule, abolition of fire thief change, abolition of Nakaoku Kosho "Nakaokukosho" same number, abolition of possession head "Omochizutsugashira", first move "Osakite" The abolition of the answering machine, the Nishimaru Goura gatekeeper, and the four head fire extinguishers is also the result. All the old-fashioned banquets were abolished one after another, and it was decided to remodel Hatamoto's fighter into the Western Army system. The Hatamoto scholar has returned to the old days of the Genki Tensho, who abandoned the dignity of the lord and walked alone. Anyway, the so-called "Hatamoto" 80,000 horses were raised to form a Western-style army, and the recruits who applied were entrusted to a French instructor. Even if I was sitting on the seat with a sword and put on a sleeveless hakama and carried a foreign gun with me, I was able to patrol the inside and outside of Edo Castle. You can see whether the beginning of the general pro-government was a major reform of the old system.
This policy extended to rural areas. The reform of the old "Furu" Tenma system was constantly planned, and the unpaid horses of the public officials who suffered the people of the highways were no longer allowed, and the number of horses used on the roads of various daimyo was reduced, which helped. The proportion of "Hanesen", which is a pain in the township, has decreased, and the method of staying on the highway has been easily changed. One of the things to remember about this reform is that women who couldn't even pass through the barriers without bills were free to travel. The feudal lady, who usually lived in a deep window, had already taken the first step in liberation at that time.
Originally, Yoshinobu was not a person who voluntarily worshiped the shogunate. After Iemochi's demise of the crown, he said that he should be the Duke of Bishu or the Duke of Kishu, and he did not affirm that he was the successor to the former general. Even if he inherited the Tokugawa clan due to the begging of the people around him, he did not say that he would easily take the post of general because it was a pedigree. After all, without waiting for the disagreement of Matsudaira Yoshinaga and others that the Tokugawa clan would be destroyed, depending on the direction of the world's public opinion, trying to get a general job without any regrets Yoshinobu from the time he got a job was also the essence of Kazukazu Kobu.
It is rare for people in their fifteenth generation to stand in the misunderstandings from all directions. There are not a few people in the shogunate who think that the former general's early life is also the enemy of Iemochi when he sees Yoshinobu because of this person. The lords of Kyoto on the side and the chief of the Satsuma were also afraid to come to the political stage as his new general. Even though Yoshinobu inherited the Tokugawa clan, it was Mr. Iwakura who was alert when he said that he wanted to resign from the shogunate. He commented on Yoshinobu's character and said that he was a person of "Kessa" Hyakutan "Psychology", and thought that he could not accept the wise Satsuma Hou's public opinion extremely fairly. In particular, it was Satsuma's Okubo Ichizo who continued to fight against Ichinoshin Hara from Mito, where Yoshinobu should be called a sword. It was Junichiro Kido of Choshu who said that Yoshinobu was the return of Ieyasu and that there was evidence that he could repair his armament.
However, Yoshinobu is also a child of Mito's retreat. The blood of Retsuko, who had the aspiration of the King of God on the monument of Kodokan, was also flowing in this person. Unless the imperial court and the shogunate face each other and all policies are divided into two, and the emperor's great lord, Omiyo, appears, the country will maintain its independence against the oppression of foreign countries. Yoshinobu also accepted the belief of private sector scholars that it was difficult. I was already eager to go down to the line of princes and make a major reform to put the country under the county system or to change it to the federal system per Germany. It was this new general who was beginning to squeeze. In that sense, there was no deeper blow to Yoshinobu than the demise of the emperor, Hogyo, who was reminded of Kobu Kazukazu until he got tired of it and was warned of Iwakura and others who rushed to restore the royal government. While there is nothing that spares the emperor, the one that deepened his sorrow is probably Yoshinobu, who was misunderstood by the people around him. The tragic will of the Taisei Hokan did not have to wait for a later date, and probably had already moved within this person when he had completed the Onobeku of Shimoya, shortly after worshiping the shogunate. Would have been.
The third year of Keio is 1876 in the Christian era, which is the latter half of the nineteenth century. In France, it was the time of Napoleon III, and in England, it was the time of Empress Victoria. After taking the place of the new General Tokugawa, who is keen to collect new knowledge, he changed the organization of the new cabinet using the proposal of French minister Roses, paved the way for the recruitment of human resources, and imposed taxes on commerce and industry. From doing things to opening mines and boosting transportation, all the various plans had the meaning of "a store with a storehouse." Matsudaira, the younger brother of the shogunate, Tayu Minbe, and Kitamura, a foreign delegation, have even reached the day when they will use them in France. The deeper the shogunate's connection with France, the more the Satsuma domain and the Choshu domain connected to Britain, and the two great powers in Europe suddenly came to oppose each other as the background of this country. Finally, the decision to open the port of Hyogo was decided, and the father and son of the Choshu clan were also allowed. The desire to welcome the oldest and newest sun, coupled with the tides of the tides of the day and day, shook each person's heart.
In September of that year, various forces that could not wait for the restoration of the royal government appeared in front of Yoshinobu in response. The intention was to slacken the theory that he wanted to bear the fruit of the restoration of the royal family mildly under the official government organization that had lifted his head around Tosa, and appealed to the troops for all solutions in association with Choshu Geshu. The forces of Yoshinobu and Aizu Kuwana are to be wiped out of Kyoto, and they are trying to bring about the fruit of the royal recovery while contacting Ko Iwakura and others. After succumbing to the battle of Sekigahara in the past, Kenji and others in the territory of Matsudaira Repair Tayu, who have continued to endure the corners of the western country, began to move bravely in an attempt to escape the oppression of Mr. Tokugawa for three centuries. It's no wonder. In addition, the opponent is Kyusenpo, who licked the painful experience of the Bocho Conquest Army and was ready to die. There are also fierce competitors of Rothes, such as British minister Paax, in this ass push. Satsuma was trying to reach Mitajiri by sea with the soldiers going to Tokyo, and even in Choshu, he was busy preparing for departure, trying to send soldiers to the country after waiting for it. The so-called Satsunaga Gei Sanhan is the formation of an offensive and defensive alliance. Taking this situation into consideration, Matsudaira Toyoshige confessed to Yoshinobu the path of renewal, saying that he was not satisfied with Satsuma's attitude. There is no benefit to blaming the pastoration, in which case you must open your eyes wide and build a foundation that will not be ashamed of all nations. On his way home, he emphasized that he had changed the national polity for hundreds of years and reached a great opportunity to build a work of restoration of the royal government.
The opportunity to repatriate the Taisei Hokan, which should realize the will, came to Yoshinobu in this way. The Shogun, who was prepared for Tokugawa's generation, did not know that the secret debate was so ripe, but realized that the evil machine had already reached its extreme level, and before himself as an enemy. I tried to bow in front of something bigger than what was going on. The 12th of October is the day when Yoshinobu summoned various priests, large and small | Metsuke, to Nijo Castle to announce the repatriation of the government. There was no surprise for everyone. It is no longer promising today, and it is afraid of the ancestors to abolish the Kogyo since the ancestor (Toshogu) in the morning, but it is a sword. 》 Even if Yoshinobu says that it is the succession of the ancestor's prosperity to rule the world and to rest assured that he is a priest, it is not easy for many priests to disagree. At this time, the administration was definitely returned to the imperial court, and the government ordinance was steadfast, and the Tokugawa clan's power should reach the imperial court together with the princes of the world. If it is to prevent the contempt, the future purpose of the imperial court will be decided. Until then, even if Yoshinobu told me, there were still many tweets among the various priests. In the words of Yoshinobu at that time, you should wonder why you are originally in Kyoto in each of the "each". It is a time when it is not so calm, so you should be aware that it is because of the turmoil of Renka and the peace of mind of Eiryo. However, I didn't think that I was a virtuous person in Kyoto, so I didn't think that I was brewing the roots of it. Instead, I moved the sword and defeated those who were hostile to me. There is nothing in law that surprises the 衷 and afflicts all the people, and the loyalty's will will be vain for that reason. On top of this, there is no choice but to reflect on himself, blame himself, leave me, change the former non-politics, and support the imperial court with the world with the sincerity of Tadayuki. That would be appropriate for the ancestral devotion. The ancestors took power because of the peace of the world, not the government of the world. Since I am also returning the Tokugawa administration to the imperial court because of the peace of the world, I have only one intention to reward the imperial court, even if the disposition is different. Alternatively, some argue that there is a risk of lordship after the reinstatement of the administration, but it seems that there is already a fruit of the lordship today. The shogunate's command is not given. Even if you call the lords, you will not entrust the matter to the left or right. This is not only for the Bakufu, but even for the morning life. At this time, if we do not devote ourselves to the defense of foreign countries by supporting the morning power and offering the royal order together with the princes, we may not be able to do anything about Japan. When.
Yoshinobu's intention was decided. On October 13th, he told the feudal clan that he would return to power, and on October 14th, he heard about it. Then, through the repatriation of the Taisei Hokan and the subsequent tribute to the shogunate, he clarified what the true spirit of Kobu Kazukazu was. A bird that knows to fly high knows that it will meet the wind and put its wings in it, as if it were trying to rely on the power of the wind to take it with itself.
Six
[# Indent two characters from here]
Yeah, yeah
Grind the most grind
I grind the second grind
Yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah
The lightness of the mortar, the goodness of the opponent
Don't change the other person tomorrow night
Yeah, yeah
[# End of indentation here]
At the post station of Magome, the voices of the villagers who danced in a funny and funny way, tuned to the song "Hayashi" on a daily basis.
It was around the time when the 15th Shogun became known to the private sector about the repatriation of the Taisei Hokan, and was also transmitted to various << various >> rumors. Among them, there was a reputation that mysterious bills began to fall on everyone. At the same time, it is popular to sing a song with various singing phrases and humorous words in the phrase "Ee ja nai ka" that cannot be said to have originated from anywhere. 》 Came.
[# Indent two characters from here]
Yeah, yeah
A good mortar is already known
Auntie "Baba" Supper pot "Pot"
Yeah, yeah
[# End of indentation here]
Everyone made a fool of the song "Hayashi" and welcomed it again. The tone is even obscene, but it makes you feel familiar with the cheerful and humorous place. It has the power to resonate with savagery that destroys something well-behaved.
This "yes, isn't it?" Made the elderly and girls and children in the village stand out. There is a bill. Starting from the bill of the Suwa head office that went down to the precincts of the Ujigami in Aramachi, the bill of Ise Taijingu was also on the roof of the back hut of the wholesaler. When it was said that the same thing happened to the tsubo garden of Masudaya, it was a celebration, and some of the young people in the village had a juban. It's a fuss about going to a celebration while dancing crazy with one piece. Assuming that there was happiness in the house where the bills were dropped, he made rice cakes and opened four-toed barrels, and all acted together to celebrate the great luck.
Everyone also doubted and believed in such a mystery. In fact, some say that they witnessed bills falling from the bright blue sky, and some say that this is a message from Ise Grand Shrine. There are also things. This lively "Ei-naka" uproar was not limited to the Kiso region. The story of a traveler coming down the highway from the direction of Kyo-Osaka is also made up of a Kamidana for each door, and the bills picked up are celebrated. I took it all with the liveliness of dancing around the city while wearing a gorgeous costume.
A mysterious bill and an enthusiastic "Yes, isn't it?" It's as if the town has begun to show the sight of an untimely festival. Such a surprising thing is waiting for the villagers around Magome who had been making noise in the bad years of eating and not eating until around March or April. It spread all over the place to a great uproar trying to bury all the sorrows of the past. And it made many people intoxicated.
The bills of Atsuta Taijingu go down to the branches of the camellia in the garden of Horaiya, down to the front lattice of Fushimiya, and the back room of Umeya. It also fell on the high wall "Takabei" in the garden. In addition to that, there are also two places where the bills of Hachimangu have fallen. All of them were struck by strange thoughts and thank you for your kindness. When this happens, the retreat of Fushimiya, who is more energetic and superstitious than anyone else, is not standing still. It is still silent to hear that any Kinman family will be able to whisper "poor, poor" according to the fashionable festival "Hayabushi" if they are willing to give up sake and rice cakes at the time of such a celebration. Not retracted. If you threw Shito mochi at Masudaya, you can say that you will throw Hachito mochi at the head family and the hideout, and you will be able to collect everything from relatives to come and go and pick them up all over the village. I made a celebration rice cake with the intention. Threw. Threw. Hachito's rice cakes flew in the sky, and when they entered the villagers' tamoto, which gathered on the front of Fushimiya, they also entered the bosom. At that time, I pulled out the mirror of the Shito barrel and prepared amazake in addition to sake, and it was an all-you-can-drink behavior for both spicy and sweet people.
"Hou, just drink, just take."
There is even something called.
For the village thing, the renovation of Ujigami Suwa Kosha was nearing the completion of the construction, so I suddenly thought of a Kyogen event. The quick one even started to work on it. This air-even if it is temporary-forgets the surprise of the fall of the shogunate, who had a heavy relationship with the master and servant until now, and adopted a retired child from the inheritance of the alternative 《Daigawa》 family ｜ Daughter-in-law 《 It makes me forget that a highly authoritative thing that even reported about "Yometori" had collapsed in front of me, and if I had a lantern with Aoi's crest, I could go to any mountain at midnight. It also made me forget that I had lost my 300-year-old master, who was believed to never be stolen by a fox wolf even if he went alone.
The turmoil of "Yes, isn't it?" Even though it continued from the time of the daikon radish pulling in the village to the time when the festival kyogen of the Ujigami sengū began, the song "Hayashi" was still incessant. From the neighboring inn's Tsumago, a celebration of the bill was dropped, and four years ago, the figure was made when the Mito Namishi passed by, armor, helmet, bow, and spear. Spear, all in the army, all the children rode on a tow horse, and a fancy-dress parade of about 100 people in the same group kneaded in.
At the main team, everyone went out of the gate and saw it. Not only Sota, who is about the age of a child, but also Yoshizaemon, who tends to be muffled in his later years, came out.
"Come on, Kume. Come on soon."
Called by the people, I showed my grandmother and mother the appearance that the sickness that had been lightened was thinned and the daughter-likeness was increased. It was rare for the main team to gather the things of all these families in front of the gate. The fact that the old Yoshizaemon, who has taken care of the villagers for many years, is still safe, made the village peasants happy. On the right and left, the side of the road is full of sights of the procession. The daughters of Onoya in Tsumago, both of whom were dressed in eboshi hats and jinbaori, quietly passed in front of the gate while riding a tow horse.
"Hey, souvenirs."
Saying that, the man who accompanied Onoya's daughter gave me a gift of rice cake "mochi" and a single "hitokasa" as a souvenir for porridge and Sota.
"Yes, isn't it?"
Even Sota has a childish voice and plays by imitating that.
"Sota-sama, that, that."
The man at Onoya was happy to do something. At that time, it was Tsumago-juku's Juheiji who ran through the line and came to see Hanzo, who was sick of porridge. Juheiji found Hanzo standing in front of the gate with his house and said.
"Mr. Hanzo, what is this fuss about?"
"That's what you say from me."
"There was a customer I saw from Fukushima yesterday. Did you say that the area is now in the middle of falling bills?"
"I'm glad it was raining."
"When the world changes drastically, there are some people who can say that it's okay to have such a fox. Somehow, I feel like I was pinched by a fox. I feel. "
"But Mr. Juheiji, I didn't know that the peasants around Magome would be celebrating for the last decade. Well, if everyone wants to celebrate, celebrate, and I'm watching."
Despite the liveliness of this surface, the creepy quietness awaiting a strong storm gradually began to dominate the road towards the bottom. According to the news that has been transmitted from the direction of Nagoya to Hanzo, it is not quite a story of "Isn't it?" It was early in Nagoya Castle that the true intention of Satsuma was to recite Yoshinobu, and at the same time, to recite Matsudaira in Aizu | Katamori in Aizu and Matsudaira in Kuwana | Sadaaki. It is known that the retired house in Bishu has already moved to Tokyo from Nagoya at the end of October in order to recommend the retirement of the two feudal lords of Aizu in consideration of this situation. This is because the retreat is really the brother of Aikoku Niho.
It was around the time that all the daimyo over Mangoku were gathering in Kyoto one after another in honor of their edict. Those who are trying to determine the future of this country by the public council of the world have begun to swirl around Kyoto. At the end of November of that year, the Shimazu clan of Satsuma, the Mori clan of Choshu, the governor of the Geshu clan, the Seiko of the Tokuyama clan, and the elders of the Kikkawa clan were all three, four hundred to two. With 3,000 hand soldiers, some have already arrived in Tokyo, and some have arrived at the coast of Settsu and the west palace, waiting for the news of the country. Frequent traffic between Nagoya and Kyoto has become frequent, and the members of the Kintetsu group who are trying to share things with the feudal lords such as Satsunaga Dohi to Gyeonggi have advanced, and they are influential as a samurai sect. Gyeonggi, the elderly, and the servants were retiring. Masamitsu Naruse, Joun Tamiya, Jin Saku Arakawa, and other prominent members of the Owari clan moved their retreats during this time. The effort is known to Hanzo as if to pick it up. The realization of the Restoration has become a matter of time.
In such an atmosphere, Hanzo's ears heard an unexpected new voice. He heard the voice from his fellow students in Kyoto, volunteers in Nagoya, and heartfelt people in the direction of Iida.
"Returning to the ancient times of the royal government must not be a return to the old days of Kenmu Restoration. It must be a return to the founding of Jinmu. "
That voice is what he was waiting for to hear. Not only is the day when the dream of the return to ancient times dreamed of by many national scholars is realized in this way, but there are many people seeking this restoration even before the samurai era, which is implied in what that man wrote. It seemed to him that the shift was probably surprising even for the Choshu scholars who were appointed with the urgent tip of the debate.
This is also explained in the manuscript that Hanzo borrowed from Nakatsugawa's friend Kazo. If you look at it, you can see that there are hidden people in the world who do not know the name, and there are volunteers who often show what everyone is trying to say and cannot say yet. In the manuscript, this is explained. Kenmu Restoration came from the thoughts of the upper "Kami" and did not occur from the hearts of all the people in the lower "Shimojimo". Therefore, if the above thoughts moved a little, it soon became a samurai world. However, unlike the Kenmu Restoration era, the reconstruction that many people expect this time has come from the grass lawn "Kusamura". That's what it says. It originates in the grass lawn. It became more and more grand, from a ronin to a feudal lord, from a feudal lord to a lord, and from a lord to a prince. However, as long as the hearts of all people do not change, they will not return to the world of samurai. That's what it says. There are some who say that the princes are trying to seize the government of the world in the name of the restoration of the royal government, but this is a ridiculous misunderstanding. Because the roots came from within the grass lawn, no matter what the princes think, they are never free. It's best to think about why something happened from the lower part of the grass lawn. In other words, it is clearer to look up from below for the cause. Therefore, the Sakurada Incident, the Yamato Gojo Incident, and the Tsukuba Mountain Tsukuba Incident will occur. Then, if it becomes the two provinces of Chobo, it will become the two feudal lords of Satsuma. No matter how strict the shogunate takes, if you kill dozens of people in Mito first, you will have hundreds before and after Sakurada, and if you kill hundreds of people in Tsukuba, you will have thousands. With tens of thousands of people in the West, the power of Tokugawa cannot control it. If it cannot be restored by the power of the west, it will come from the east, the south, and the north. There is no doubt that even if the second shogunate appears and gains power, it will be restored within a few years. That is also explained.
Hanzo read this and thought that it was no coincidence that the momentum of reconstruction was ripe. I also thought that the new voice I heard in his ears really came from the so-called "Kusamura" of the author of this manuscript.
It has snowed many times on Mt. Ena. Hanzo now glows white from the corridor on the west side of the house to the slope of the mountain range, which is often desired. The lively voice of "Ee ja nai ka" that lasted for more than a month sank, and when I saw it, the samurai politics of 600 years that reminded me of a major change in this country | Mizo was finally there. It's almost time to announce the end. There are few travelers on the highway, and the mountain family is already hibernating. Especially at night, only the sound of the clapping tree "Hyoshigi" of the fire was heard in the sky of the post station.
One morning, Hanzo woke up with the sound of a bell coming from the village of Manpukuji. When it comes to the pillow "pillow" in the store room, the sound takes Hanzo's heart toward Kazuhisa Matsuun, who does not neglect his early work every morning. It was from the day when I returned to this village from the training of the nation's itinerary as a new priest of Manpukuji, from the day when I took off the traveling grass sword "Waraji" at the entrance of Hanzo's house as the main camp, and then one of the main camps. Hoi in the room | From the day when I changed into a costume and passed through the temple gate for the first time in a long time, I became a bell tower by a person who had been sitting in front of the image of Bodhidharma for 13 years. It's a big bell that climbs and beats.
Hanzo listened to the sound beside his wife who was still devouring the morning sleep. The sound of the sword that runs from valley to valley and lie from Hatake to Hatake is the priest of Kazuhisa | Chigen, who became the chief priest of Manpukuji Temple in the first year of Ansei. However, with the same quietness and the same deposition "Ochitsuki", it conveys a clear and clear sound.
One sound. Another note. Hanzo's ears followed the meaning of the sound. Compared to that lively "Ee ja nai ka" vulgarity and humorous "Kokkei", this is the sound of a distant world coming from another world of the quiet "Kanjaku" that I did. Even so, on this day of amazing social change, the bell echoes from the training of those who are moved only by the daily clouds or the change of yin and yang. The pagan deposit "Ochitsuki" surprised Hanzo. It is a question of whether such a person like Osho was alive in this difficult era when many mournful men would resist the shogunate government or struggle with national affairs even if they spent their lives. Still surprised him.
"People."
Hanzo shook his wife. He jumped up himself and decided to go to explore the state of Kyoto with his friend Kazo in Nakatsugawa.
"If you were in a mountain like this, you wouldn't know what it was like. The day of the Restoration may have come."
From that idea, he told the people to wake up his maiden, set the hearth 《Irori》 on fire, and made him want to have breakfast before going out to Nakatsugawa.
In December of the 3rd year of Keio, the road was covered with snow. Shortly after breakfast, Hanzo went to a village shrine in Aramachi on a crisp snowy road with a hakama that looks like a shoya and a straw horse. By the time I went out of the torii gate after worshiping Ujigami, the light of a warm day for winter came to the road. He took the road to the border, Kunizakai, and walked further to the new teahouse on the outskirts of the inn. Basho's Kuzuka on the roadside is also wet with snow. There is also a holiday teahouse with a well-known host, Teishu. When he was resting there for a while, he was at Kagura in Nakatsugawa, just from the border of Ichirizuka, pointing up the Magome and climbing the Jukyoku Pass. Kagura also brought Katsushige from Ochiai.
"Master."
Hanzo heard the same friendly voice of Katsushige for the first time in a long time.
"Mr. Hanzo, you don't have to go to Nakatsugawa, and we don't have to go to Magome. Let's talk at this teahouse."
It is a proposal of Kagura.
At that time, Hanzo learned that the restoration of the royal government was established for the first time, and that Owari participated in the meeting of the small palace centered on Prince Iwakura in addition to the Satsuma Doshu Geshu Echizen four clan. At that time, the father and son of the Choshu clan regained their official position and allowed Joraku, and the five lords of Sanjo | Sanetomi and others in Dazaifu were also allowed to reinstate. The stage up to that time changed completely. Yoshinobu, Aizu, and Kuwana were excluded, and the Aizu clan was also dismissed by Miyamon guard. The regent and Kampaku officials were also abolished, and the shogunate ended at that time. This news is reported in a document from Keizo in Kyoto. This news is reported to the one brought by Kazo, saying that he wrote it under the joint name of Hanzo.
Kozo said.
"The other day, a letter from Kyoto said something like this. Almost the same day that Yoshinobu issued the above table of the Taisei Hokan, the secret imperial rescript of the Satsuma Choji clan came down. I heard from a certain source, but what do you think of it, and that the secret imperial religion was soon canceled, but what did you think of it? I thought it was strange and showed it to anyone. While I kept it in my pocket, I received this rehabilitation notice. "
"Look," Hanzo said in response. "In this letter, you said that you also guarded the Kinmon Incident in Oshu on the day of the event. For the sake of the eaves, Shintaro Ose was the head of the valet, and he was used to guard the back gate of Dogami. It is said that the person "Tomokata" was applied to it. "
"Well, the early story was that the political change on August 18th last year was reversed. At that time, I was in Kyoto and met that political change, so I can almost imagine this time. Something must have moved to come out so far. Something must have moved the last force. "
Kazo and Hanzo looked at each other, and then moved on to the rumor of a master in Kyoto | Katsushige adds pine firewood "Matsumaki" and folds the boya to make the fire in the fire. The owner of the teahouse said something warm for the guests and began to want to boil the skewered fish mystery.
"Anyway, Mr. Hanzo," Kazo reiterated his spirit. "It was surprising that this restoration was taken to the founding of Kenmu Restoration without Kenmu Restoration. That was the momentum. But it took ten years to come out so far. I was wondering if I had to. "
"In the end, what is the demand of the present age?"
"Well, I don't want to snoop on who whispered such an opinion to Mr. Iwakura's ears. You see, the manuscript I lent to Hanzo-san. It's not the word of the person who wrote it. , The origin is in the grass lawn "Kusamura" -that's a lot. "
"By the way, Mr. Kakura, that teacher, Mr. Kanetane, was really silent, so I thought. Now that I see that teacher, that teacher was working. Kurita Masaka Mystery, did you go to Kyoto saying that before you saw it? I don't know how many people worked behind the scenes by the time such a day came. "
"Well, if there was something that I thought could be done by two or three people, that would be a ridiculous misunderstanding."
"Looking at it, I think that the reason why Mr. Norinaga wrote" Kojikiden "was to open the way to this point."
Eventually, the owner put the pot in the pot, which smelled like skewered fish. The sake that Hanzo and his colleagues had warmed up also came there. A little early in the time, the exchange of sake cups with miso and miso in the hearth of the new teahouse began.
"My husband," said the host, and said, "Akiudo, a traveling merchant who often travels around here, comes with a salt squid and goes to my family. I left it for a while. How about that? "
"No, I'm grateful for that," Hanzo heard the name of his favorite food.
"I can't answer when I come with the grated salt squid. Best of all, it's a side dish of sake," says Kagura.
"You can also make tofu soup now. Please enjoy it slowly," says the owner again.
"Mr. Katsushige, Ichi | Let's go to the sake cup," Kazo said.
"I've got a cup until I've finished my genpuku, and I'm strictly forbidden by my grandfather," Katsushige glances at his face.
"Well, you don't have to say that. It's special today. Sometimes, Mr. Katsushige, how about you. Did you think the riddle would collapse the shogunate?"
"I never thought that the Shogunate would collapse. I thought that the world of Tokugawa was over."
"That's right. Nobody dreamed that Yoshinobu would throw out the shogunate. Katsushige-san would have heard the sound of bamboo breaking in the snow. That sound. Yoshinobu. When I heard that he had thrown it out, I remembered the sharpness of the breaking sound of the bamboo. When I thought about it, this restoration was often welcomed without bleeding terrible blood. After all, Yoshinobu was Yoshinobu. There is only one thing. "
Kazo and Katsushige talked like this. At that time, Hanzo took over the story of the two of them,
"But, Mr. Kozo, it's your story now. It's a story that you were greeted with reconstruction without bleeding terrible blood. Wouldn't that represent our national character? . "
"There is that too," says Kakura.
"Well, I slept overnight, woke up and saw the Restoration."
Katsushige told both Kazo and Hanzo like that.
"Finally. Finally."
Hanzo also said that, with skewered fish "Kushiuo", tofu soup "Tsuyu", salted squid "Shioka", and the owner's proud turnip and radish pickled. I ate the sake of the Yamake with him.
Winter days were full inside and outside the teahouse. After the meal, Hanzo and his colleagues walked around Okinazuka in front of the teahouse. The tip of the trampling straw was burning on the snow-melting road, and the more I walked around, the more new joy I felt. All the changes will be in the future, but anyway, once again, to the creation of Jinmu-to the starting point of the distant ancient times-even if we just thought that the day of its reconstruction had arrived, Hanzo et al. Somehow a magnificent weather came to my eyes.
As an unforgettable mentor's words, what I found and placed in Atsutane's posthumous book "Shizu no Iwaya" came to my mind at that time.
"Everything is in the heart of God."
[# Raise two letters from the ground] "Before Dawn" Part 1-End
[# Breaking]
After the first part of the revised edition "Before Dawn"
This work was drafted in 1945 and the first part was completed in the same year, but the content of the work is of a nature that explores the past era, and to write this. It took a lot of years, so I could omit it later, and I started to notice various mistakes that I didn't notice.
For that reason, I had already corrected the manuscript when I first put it together in one volume, but as I continued to print, I still found many points to be revised. Taking this revision as an opportunity, I came up with the correction of the first part because I wanted to eliminate the mistakes that I couldn't feel at ease with. The way I mystery explores things in the past is actually limited to a narrow range, and it is out of our reach to truly ensure the accuracy of the proof. I don't know what I don't know at least, and I want to change what I need to change and use it as an answer to the intellectuals of the world. I am deeply grateful to the unknown people for their kindness since the time when this work was first published in the magazine "Chuo Koron" four times a year.
In the future, I would like to change what I should change whenever I have the opportunity, without losing my reflection as an author. It must be said that it is our happiness to improve our shortcomings and eliminate our mistakes.
[# Raise two characters from the ground] (May 1945, at Azabu Iikura)
Bottom book: "Before Dawn Part 1 (below)" Iwanami Bunko, Iwanami Shoten
Issued the first print on February 17, 1969 (Showa 44)
Issued the 26th edition on December 15, 1995 (Heisei 7)
Parent book of the bottom book: "Revised book" Before dawn "" Shinchosha
Published in July 1936 (Showa 11)
* The bottom book is a large scale of "ga" (ward number 5-86) used for counting things and place names.
Input: Shinya Takahashi
Proofreading: Shigeo Kobayashi
Published May 26, 2001
Revised November 20, 2009
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
