Frankenstein
FRANKENSTEIN, OR THE MODERN PROMETHEUS
About the author
Giichi Shishido

Mary Wallstoncraft Shelley, who wrote this work, was born in 1977. His mother died within a few days of his birth, and he was the author of the famous female rightsist, Defending Women's Rights, Marie Walstoncraft Godwin, and William, the founder of British anarchist theory.・ It was Godwin's wife. Marie, who lost her mother, grew up under the warm scent of her father, but made friends with writers and thinkers such as Pain, Coleridge, Lamb, and Saudi, who had left the pastor and started writing. Through the desolate nature of the Scottish region, where he spent his childhood, he cultivated his own imagination. Marie herself describes her time when she lived north of the Tei River, which runs near Dundee in Scotland. "Looking back at it, it's a lonely place, but it didn't look like that to me at the time. It was a liberty bird's nest, and I was able to interact with my fantasy creatures. It was a fun region that no one looked after. "
As the author of "Social Justice Studies," an example known as a classic of anarchist and communist theories, he dismissed Malthus's theory of population and enthusiastically preached the ideals of anarchist society. One of the young people who often appeared in the guest room and was deeply influenced was Percy Bissi Shelley, who was later touted as one of the three great poets of modern England along with Byron and Keets. Sherry first took a seat at Oxford University, but was banished from school by writing "The Need for Atheism" (1811), and was increasingly showing off her genius as a revolutionary poet. .. Marie became friends with Sherry and finally set out on a trip to Switzerland, where she officially married and emigrated to Italy after Sherry's first wife, Harriet, committed suicide. Starting from Milan, he decided to settle in Pisa in 1829, visiting Venice, Naples, Rome, Livorno, Florence, etc. It goes without saying that in 1822, three years later, the boat was covered with lake water and Sherry drowned. Marie's sorrow left behind is beyond speculation.
Marie lived until 1851, during which time she interviewed "Valperga" (1823) in the Middle Ages of Italy, the unfinished "Last Man" (1826), and Nakaba. He wrote works such as the autobiographical "Rodoa" (1835), engaged in the editing of poetry by her husband Sherry, and published travelogues. However, it will be this "Frankenstein or Ima-sama Prometheus" that I wrote before my husband's life that forever demands a unique position in the history of world literature.
Biography of Helen Moore (1886), Mrs. FA Marshall (1899) and Lucy Maddox Rosech (1890) are usually mentioned. Has been done. (Translator)



Bottom book: "Frankenstein" Japan Publishing Cooperative
First edition issued on August 20, 1953 (Showa 28)
* The original notation has been renewed based on the "Working Guidelines for Rewriting Works Written in Old Characters and Old Kana to Modern Notation".
Input: Kyoto University Electronic Text Study Group Input Group (Oishi Scale)
Proofreading: Kyoto University Electronic Text Study Group Proofreading Group (Yu Okubo)
Created August 4, 2009
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
