Kojima spring
Introduction
Kensuke Mitsuda

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) A woman who has landed [# "A woman who has landed" is a mom]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

It is a remarkable fact in the history of Japanese medicine that a female doctor has established a step in the treatment of leprosy. First, at the Kusatsu St. Barnabas Clinic of Ms. Keisako Hattori, Ms. Takeshiro Takahashi was on Oshima, like Ms. Bud Nishihara and Ms. Tadashi Igarashi in the rest of her life, and Ms. Tomiko Onishi was earlier in my Aiseien. There is Ms. Masako. Everyone has a regrettable determination to devote themselves to this project, does not listen to the recommendations of their parents and relatives, and is a man who is not obsessed with the criticism of the world. When dealing with their patients, be meticulous with women in addition to the kindness of their practice. Patients feel the love of their benevolent mother and the friendliness of their sisters when they see Ms. In this way, he has no time to look after the change of color as in ten years and one day, and he has no choice but to forbid sympathy for leprosy, and it should be said that he is truly indispensable to the rescue front. ..
It seems that Dr. Ogawa applied for employment at Zensei Hospital immediately after graduating from Tokyo Women's Medical University in 1945. Although I don't remember Ms., as with any applicant, I recommend that you consult with your parents and siblings and reconsider, and if you want to get a job by all means, you can practice in internal medicine or surgery at a hospital that is a few years old. He refused to train his skills as a doctor even if he opened a business in Ichii. Ms. Aranuka studied bacteriology and internal medicine at Okubo Hospital and pediatrics at a nursery school, and was asked to find a job by letter again in 1952, but she did not reply because the medical officers were full. Tokoro was told by both seniors Nishihara and Igarashi that he had to go to Nagashima and have a direct negotiation, and he came to Nagashima together. At that time, she wore a black hakama from Funakoshi's pier and landed in a sinking victory. The woman [# "Landing and the woman" is a mama], I completely forgot, but she was Ms. Of course, the patient was welcomed at the medical office because it was a time when he was in trouble due to overcapacity. Ms. Ms. was enthusiastic about medical treatment and was trusted by her colleagues and patients with meticulous diagnosis and treatment.
This volume is a record of visits to patients in various places such as Tosa, Tokushima, and Okayama, in awe of the spirit of the song "Become a friend of mine" during medical treatment. Ms. Ms.'s clinical characteristics that cannot be overlooked are demonstrated everywhere even during home visits. In other words, at the beginning of the visit to the patient's house on XX Island, he planned to visit the nearby white sand, Makama Island and other leprosy, opened the beginning of purification of the Seto Inland Sea islands, and asked for leprosy on the northern border. Step into the dwelling of a seriously ill leprosy that is not asked by clues, rescue the patient from the dead area, ask Tosa's leprosy to ride behind the bicycle in a short time, and see the face, such as walking on a dangerous mountain slope. Although she is a gentle woman, she is a man who cannot help but do what she does. Around this time, the eagle of the Imperial Army's land and sea, which wields silver wings on the continent, bombed an armed city and marveled at the hearts of the world, but if she was a man, or if she was a man, she chose this route. May. However, the bomb of love that was thrown on the rescue front as a woman has never been unexploded in various places such as Kochi, Tokushima, Okayama, and Tokyo. Or, it moves the local boss, or the local influential people, and stimulates and provokes the movement of the Totsubo housing or the movement of Leprosy prefecture. Those who have heard the story of leprosy from Ms. Awaken from the superstition of heredity and think from the bottom of their heart how to eradicate the transmission quickly. I'm impressed with the words and phrases that come out of Ms. Awa's enthusiasm. It is awe-inspiring where the origin of this enthusiasm comes from, but it is more than a strong belief that I am a messenger of the Empress Dowager. I believe it's because of the crab.
Ms. has recently lost her health. Having to stay away from leprosy for a while would be more painful than death, but chest illness forced him to rest for a while. Over the past few months, Dr. Uchida has urgently recommended the arrangement of this essay between illnesses, and has finally come to see the publication. It is not the wish of Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. At the same time, I would like to ask all the wise men who are moved by this book to pray for Ms. Ms.'s resurrection.

[# 2 indentation] October 21, 1938
[# Raise 4 characters from the ground] Kensuke Mitsuda



Bottom book: "[Reprint] Kojima no Haru" Nagasaki Publishing
May 30, 2009 (Heisei 21) First edition first print issued
Parent of the original: "Spring of Kojima-A Note of a Female Doctor-" Nagasaki Publishing
1981 (Showa 56)
Input: Katsumi Okayama
Calibration: Juki
Created January 1, 2015
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
