Half-seven catch book
Kanpei's death
Kido Okamoto

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Kadomatsu 《Kadomatsu》

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Ansei | December of the horse year

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) [# 5 indentation] 1 [# "1" is a middle heading]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

[# 5 indentation] 1 [# "1" is the middle heading]

I visited Mr. T, an old master of historical novels, at his house in Akasaka and heard various stories from the past in Edo, so I wanted to meet another half-seven old man. I left Mr. T's house around 3:00 pm, and on the main street of Akasaka, a worker was standing a kadomatsu in front of the houses. Seven or eight men and women were squeezing each other in front of the sugar shop. Paper villas and signboards for sale at the end of the year, red lanterns and purple flags, the sound of a muddy orchestra, the sound of a gramophone running on the instep, and their colors and music are one. It blended in with the music, creating a rushing mood in the streets of the city of December.
"It's already a few days."
Thinking this way, I had to think that it was a work that I didn't really care about when a quiet person like me was walking in the way of people. I also decided to go straight back to my house. Then, as I wandered toward the train stop, I met a half-seven old man in the traffic.
"What happened? I couldn't see it for a while at this time."
The old man was always laughing cheerfully.
"Actually, I thought I'd ask you from now on, but I thought it would be bad to bother you at the end of the year ..."
"Well, I'm a retired person anyway. Do you have Bon Festival, New Year's Day, and even you?
The boat on the way was exactly this. I followed without hesitation, and the old man took the lead and opened the grid.
"Old woman" Baaya ". It's a customer."
I was passed through the usual 6 tatami mats. Then, as usual, good tea is served. Delicious sweets come out. The busy December society and the distant old and young people continued to talk with a laid-back [# "relaxing" sideline] until sunset, as if they were living in a country without a clock. ..
"It was just around this time. There was an amateur play at Izumiya in Kyobashi ...", the old man said as he remembered.
"What happened to the play?"
"At that time, the turmoil suddenly came up. At that time, I also hurt my head a little. That was certainly Ansei | December of the horse year, a warm night for the end of the year. Izumiya It was a big iron shop "Kanamonoya", and the store was in Gusokucho. The whole house "Uchiju" had a mad play, and at last it started to make a lot of noise. Well, do you want me to talk about that? Then, I'll start the usual credit story again, so please listen. "
The end of the 5th year of Ansei was unexpectedly warm for four or five days. After having breakfast, Hanshichi was thinking about going to Hatchobori's husband (concentric) even at the end of the year, and his sister Kume came in from the kitchen. .. Kume had a household with his mother's people and under Myojin, and was a teacher of Jobanzu.
"Good morning, unnie. My brother is already awake ..."
The wife's sen, who was working in the kitchen with her maid, turned around with a smile [# "smile" as an emphasis mark].
"Oh, Kume-chan, please do your best. What happened very quickly?"
"I wanted to ask my brother a little ...", Kume looked back a little. "Come on, good morning."
A woman was still standing behind the porridge. The woman was a stylish big-year-old woman of 378, and it was immediately realized by Sen that she seemed to be in the same business as the porridge.
"That, you, please go here"
When I took off the sash and gave a bow, the woman came in and gave a polite bow.
"Is this your mother? I'm in Shitaya, my name is Kiyoshi, and I'm always indebted to this character."
"No, I'm sorry. I'm not going to get old, so let's get in trouble."
During this time, the porridge went into the back and came out again. A woman named Mitsuyoshi was guided by her and put out a pale face that seemed to have a sharp nerve in front of half seven. Mitsuyoshi put a headache on his temples, and his eyes were a little bloody.
"Brother. Immediately, I heard that Mr. Kiyoshi has something to ask you to come in."
The porridge seemed to be detailed, so I introduced this pale woman.
"Mmm. That's right," Hanshichi turned to the woman. "Hello, you. I don't know what you're doing, but let's ask if it's something I can do."
"I'm really sorry to have visited you, but I'm still wondering what to do, so I've been kind to you for some time. "And ...", Mitsuyoshi pokes his hand at the tatami mat. "Let's hear from you, there was an amateur play of forgetting the year at Izumiya in Ginger Town on the evening of the 19th."
"Yes, that's right. I heard there was a mistake that flew."
I knew about the Izumiya incident by listening to half a seven. Izumiya's house was crazy about the play, and at the end of the year, it was an example of holding an amateur play of forgetting the age by gathering neighbors and people coming and going. This year also started from the evening of the 19th. It was a very large-scale one, and the back room was punched out by about 3 | Ma, and the front was set up with a stage of Maguchi Sanma, and the costumes and props were quite luxurious. The actors were shopkeepers and neighbors, and both the Tayu who talked about Chobo and the musicians of the lower seat, "Hayakata," had hunted and gathered amateur hobbyists.
The next Kyogen was Tadaomizo's 3rd, 4th, 5th, 6th, and 9th danme, "Immaku", and Izumiya's son, Kakutaro, will serve as Kanpei Hayano. Kakutaro was a delicate man of nineteen, and it was usually rumored that young girls in the neighborhood seemed to be actors. The young husband's Kanpei was expected by the onlookers to play the role of "Hama".
On the stage, the three acts from the fighting ground to the Yamazaki Highway were completed, and the sixth curtain was opened after five (8 pm) on a winter night. I'm sure I'm going to follow him to some extent, but I'd love to see his young husband, Kanpei, so the late curtains have been steadily rushing in since the last curtain. There was no place for candlesticks or braziers, and the crowded seats were so tightly packed that the smell of white powder and oil of a woman stagnated. The smoke of cigarettes was also swirling around. The laughter of men and women leaked to the outside, and it was so gorgeous that it stopped the people who came and went in December.
At the same time, the rustling of this pleasure suddenly turned into tears of melancholy. When Kakutaro's Kanpei was hungry, a raw, raw blood dyed his costume bright red. It wasn't the prepared glue red. Marveling at how painful his expression was, he was even more surprised and noisy when he saw him fall down on the stage before he could say the line. Kanpei's sword was supposed to be a gold shell used on the stage, and the scabbard had a real sword, so Kakutaro's seppuku was not a play. The tip of the sword, which he enthusiastically thrust at, really pierced his flank. The suffering actor was immediately taken to the dressing room. It's no longer a play. Tonight's forgotten banquet collapsed with surprise and fear.
Kakutaro was treated by a doctor with the face of the stage as it was. The pale and cosmetic face became even bluer. The numerous bleeding wounds were immediately sewn with several stitches, but the process was unsatisfactory. Kakutaro then suffered for two days and two nights, and in the night of the twenty-first day, he died in agony and died. The funeral "Tomurai" left the Izumiya store just after the afternoon of the 23rd.
Today is the next day.
At the same time, I couldn't even imagine what kind of relationship was linked between this character Qing and Izumiya.
"Mr. Kiyoshi is very angry about that," said Kume from the side.
Tears ran down all at once on the blue face of the character Qing.
"Boss. Please take a sword."
"Kataki ... Whose soul ..."
"The death of my soul ..."
Half-seven was covered in smoke and stared at the other person's face, and Mitsuyoshi looked up at him with his moist eyes squinting. His lips were suspiciously distorted, like a tantrum, and shook.
"Izumiya's young husband is a master, your child," Hanshichi asked mysteriously.
"Okay"
"Hmm. I heard that for the first time. Then, that young husband is not the child of the current mother."
"Kakutaro is my play. I don't know if you just said this, but it was exactly 20 years ago. I am still a teacher of Jobanzu in the neighborhood of Nakahashi. Then, Izumiya's husband came to visit me from time to time, and while I was naturally taken care of, I gave birth to a boy the following year. It was Kakutaro who died this time ... "
"Then, you picked up the boy at Izumiya."
"It's Mr. Left. The mother of Izumiya heard about it, and I just want to take it over and make it my own child because I don't have a child here ... If it is taken over by, it can be a trace of a fine store. In other words, I thought that it would be a career for the person himself, and soon after I was born, I handed it over to Izumiya. Since it is in front of the world and it is not good for the person in question, I received a considerable amount of treatment and promised to cut off my relationship with Akira for the rest of my life. Then I moved to Shimotani and I am here to say hello. I'm still in this business, but I've never forgotten about my child because of the humanity of my parents and children. I heard rumors that I was getting bigger and bigger and became a good young husband. When I'm happy with my help, it's the next commotion that doesn't fly ... I'm going to be crazy ... "
Character Qing tried to bite into the tatami mat and started crying out loud.

[# 5 indentation] Two [# "two" is the middle heading]

"Yeah. Is there such a secret? I didn't know at all," said Hanshichi, tapping the smoke tube that he was seeing. "Even so, the death of the young husband was an unforeseen disaster, and I think I should go to grudge anyone ... Or is there any cave there?"
"Yes, I know. You must have killed your mom."
"Mom ... Well, don't calm down and ask me why. I think you can take it over to yourself from the beginning if you kill your young husband ..."
As if to mock the ignorance of the person asking, Mojikiyo showed a great smile between the tears.
"Fifth year after Kakutaro was given to Izumiya, a girl was born on her mother's belly. It's been fifteen this year. Hey, boss. If so, is Kakutaro cute? Is his daughter cute? Do you want to hand over the family to Kakutaro? Do you want to inherit it? No matter how good your face is, you are usually a human being. Kakutaro's heart is a demon. Let's think about how to make Kakutaro who gets in the way a dead person. Let's think about such things, and it must have been replaced with a real sword by seeing the messy gap in the dressing room, whether the mother was herself or let someone do it. Is it impossible for me to doubt? Is it my misconception? Boss, what do you think? "
Half-seven never knew that Izumiya's son had such a secret. Indeed, as the character Kiyoshi says, Kakutaro is a stepchild, Mamako. Moreover, it is the secret child of the master. Even if the surface is beautiful and taken to my house, it is undeniable that a cold lump remains behind the mother's chest. Moreover, it is no wonder that she does not want to give herself to Kakutaro as long as she has her own child after that. It cannot be accepted that it is not always possible to plan an emergency measure like this one because of its bulk. From his experience dealing with various criminal cases, Hanshichi also knew that humans were terrifying.
Of course, Mitsuyoshi seemed to think of Izumiya's mother as her child's soul.
"Boss, please guess. I'm sorry, I'm sorry ... I'm thinking of going into Izumiya with a Deba knife and slashing the brute ..."
She was gradually nervous and was crazy about it. If I inadvertently said something that could be ridiculed here, she, like a sick dog, couldn't tell anyone. Half-seven did not go against it, but silently smoked, but soon he quietly spoke.
"I understand it completely. I'm sorry. I'll investigate as much as I can. There is a talented person, but for the time being, I'll keep it secret from anyone ..."
"No matter how much you are your own child, the mother who killed Kakutaro will not be safe. I'm sure the government will take care of you," said Mitsuyoshi. Was pressed.
"That's what I knew. Well, anything is fine, leave it to me."
After soothing the character Qing, Hanshichi was ready to leave immediately. The porridge remained behind and was talking to her sister-in-law, Ane.
"My brother. Thank you for your hard work. Isn't the mother of Izumiya really bad?" Asked Kume to whisper from behind when half-seven came out.
"I don't know. Let's get our hands on it."
Half seven went straight to Kyobashi. No matter how much I asked, I couldn't just get into Izumiya and make a plea without any clue. He passed by the iron shop Kanamono and asked the house of Kashira in the town. Unfortunately, Totou was away, so he greeted his wife in two words and three words and broke up.
"Where are you going from now on?"
While standing in the traffic and thinking, I noticed that there was a person who chased himself from behind. It was at first glance that it was a tradesman-like man of more than fifty, not a bad-living man. The man came near Hanshichi and greeted him politely.
"I'm sorry to say that you're the boss of Kanda. I'm a boss of Kanda. I'm going to the Rougetsucho in Shiba, and I'm a person who claims to be Yamatoya Juemon. However, when I visited that Totou's house with a little consultation, Totou was away and you came out to the place where he was talking to his mother. When I asked my mother, she said that she was Kanda's boss, so I knew that it was a good deal, and I immediately followed her. I can't come with you all the way ... "
"Good morning. Let's go with you."
Invited by Juemon, Hanshichi went to a nearby eel shop. A spring-like shade flowed softly on the veranda of the small south-facing second floor, and the interesting branching of potted plums lined up there was projected like a sumi-e painting on a bright shoji screen. While the custom-made appetizer "Fish" came, the two faced each other and started the exchange of Inoguchi.
"Your boss is also a role, and you already know everything, but Izumiya's sister has also flown ... Actually, I'm the brother of Izumiya's wife. I died about this time. There is no way for anyone to do it now, but it's a reputation after that ... Because people's mouths are really noisy and my sister is very worried ... "
Juemon said as if he was overwhelmed. Regarding Kakutaro's suspicious death, not only the birth mother's character Kiyoshi, but also those who come and go who know the secret faintly throw the same suspicious eye light on the mother. It seems certain. Juemon suffered from it and went to the Totou in the town for consultation today.
"I'd like you to find out why I was scooping up with a real sword ... I'm really sorry for my sister if I could make a boring rumor. I would like to say this, but that was a completely honest and gentle woman, and she cherished Kakutaro like her birth child .... It became commonplace in the world. My stepmother, "Mamaha", seems to have guts, but it's really out of my mind ... Anyway, the funeral "Tomurai" has been completed yesterday, so I've managed to discuss the path that caused the mistake. I know that I want to do it. I don't understand the reason well, and if my sister seems to be suspicious of something, my sister is a small woman, so I'm not so worried and can be mad. Hmm, that's a pity ... ", Juemon put out his nose and bite a pickpocket.
Character Qing is also becoming mad. Izumiya's mom may also be mad. Is the story of the Qing dynasty true, or is the story of Juemon a mere story? As expected, it was not easy to judge even half seven.
"You must have gone to see it on the night of the play, of course," Hanshichi asked with Inoguchi.
"Yes, I was watching."
"I think there were a lot of people in the dressing room."
"After all, the dressing room is small, there are about 10 people in 8 tatami mats, and 2 people in 4 and a half tatami mats away. That was the only person who became an actor, but there were many other helpers, and in addition there were costumes and wigs. It was so crowded that I couldn't step on it. However, since all of them are townspeople, there shouldn't be any big or small ones there. When it was handed over, Kakutaro also looked it up one by one, so he wasn't wrong at that time ... Maybe he was mistaken or replaced while he was finally on the stage. Who on earth is that? I'm in trouble because I have no idea what I did. "
"So that's it"
Half seven had almost left the arch and squeezed his arm. Juemon was also silently looking over his lap. The sound of a fly crossing the shoji paper in a busy manner echoed faintly.
"Did your young husband stay in eight tatami mats, or are you four and a half tatami mats?"
"I was in Yojohan. I was with Shohachi, Chojiro, and Wakichi. Shohachi helped with the costumes, and Chojiro seemed to take care of the hot water and tea. Kazuyoshi was an actor and worked for Yagoro Chisaki. "
"Then, it seems that you're asking for something strange, but did your young husband have any other hobby besides the play?" Asked Hanshichi.
Juemon replied that he hates the game of Go shogi and has never heard rumors about female chess.
"There are no rumors about my wife yet."
"It's a secret," said Juemon, somewhat annoying. "I'll tell you everything if this happens, but in fact, I've touched a woman named Winter, who is a middle-aged worker ... But she's a person who likes her appearance and doesn't feel bad, so she's known to the world. The parents also consulted with me that it might be better to show off their bride by making a considerable amount of temporary parents before they knew it, but I can not think of it. That's what happened, that is, both are out of luck. "
Hanshichi listened to this love story.
"How many winters are there and where are they?"
"I am seventeen years old and I am from Shinagawa."
"How about? Can't you just meet the woman named Winter?"
"Anyway, I'm young, and Kakutaro suddenly became such a thing, so I'm vague as if I was sick, so I can't say hello, but if you wish. I will meet you anytime. "
"It's as early as possible, so if you don't mind, can you ask for guidance soon?"
"I understand."
The two decided to go to Izumiya immediately after eating rice. When Juemon couldn't wait and rang his hand, he brought a custom-made eel.

[# 5 indentation] Three [# "three" is the middle heading]

Juemon hurriedly picked up chopsticks, but Hanshichi didn't eat gorgeously. He asked the maid to bring another hot one.
"Do you want to eat your boss?" Asked Juemon.
"No, I can't drink at all because I'm a wild person. But let's drink a little today. Even my face is red, and I can't get the economy," he said. Seven was grinning.
Juemon made a strange face and shut up.
Half-seven continued to drink a bottle of sake bottle brought by the maid. I drank alcohol at noon in a warm tatami room in the south, so my half-seven face and limbs turned crimson like the ornamental shrimp sold at Lunar New Year Fair.
"How is it? Did the astringent paper get dyed loosely?" Hanshichi stroked his hot cheeks.
"Yes, it's a nice color," Juemon laughed unavoidably.
Then, it seems that he didn't feel like guiding such a drunken man to Izumiya, but he can't go any further now, so he pays a bill and is half seven. Was taken to the front. Half-seven's feet were a little disturbed, and he almost hit the little boy who was offering salmon from the other side.
"Boss. Are you okay?"
Juemon took his hand and half-seven walked while staggering. When I consulted with the person who flew, Juemon seemed to finally regret it.
"My husband, please sneak in through the back door," said Hanshichi.
However, when Juemon was a little hesitant not to go to the back door, Hanshichi went into the alley next to the store and went around to the back door. The gait didn't look too drunk. Juemon followed after that to follow.
"Please meet in winter soon"
Half-seven, who entered from the back door, passed through a large kitchen and looked into the maid's room, but there were three maids with faces such as Aka, and a winter-like woman's appearance. I couldn't see.
"What happened to winter?" Juemon opened the shoji in detail, and his face turned around at once, and he said that he felt sick from last night. He answered that he was lying on a four and a half mat. The four and a half mats were a small tatami room in the dressing room of Kakutaro on the evening of the nineteenth.
When passing through the back along the edge, a large southern sky was producing red balls in a bunch in the narrow courtyard. The two stood in front of the shoji, and when Juemon first called out, the shoji was opened from the inside. The shoji was opened by a young man sitting on the pillow in winter, and in winter he wore a sword so deep that he could hide his sword. The man had a small, dark-colored, narrow-forehead, dark-eyed face.
Greeting to Juemon, the young man went out early. That was Wakichi of Yagoro Chisaki, whom I mentioned earlier, said Juemon.
The face of winter, who scratched the skirt and got up on the futon, was paler than the face of the half-seven-faced character Qing. Like a living ghost, she didn't give a ridiculous reply so quickly that she could get the point no matter what she heard. He was just crying and crying so that he couldn't bear to evoke the horrifying nightmare of the night. I was fooled by the cheerfulness of the spring of the last few days, and I was lonely because the bush warbler was screaming somewhere.
The fire of love that was burning in the chest of winter may have turned into ashes and has already been scrapped. She didn't say anything about the memories of her past happy love. However, regarding her miserable present, she answered half-seven questions, albeit inadequately. She said her husband and mom were sympathetic to her and kind to her. He said that Kazuyoshi was the kindest of the shop staff, and he saw the gap in the shop and came to visit him again.
"Then, you were still coming to see me, and what were you talking about," Hanshichi asked.
"Oh, if my young husband becomes ah, it's hard to serve this shop, so if I'm thinking of having some free time, Mr. Wakichi doesn't say that. Anyway, I should be patient until next year's replacement, but he stopped me. "
Half seven nodded.
"No, thank you. I'm sorry to have disturbed you when I was sleeping. Well, I like to take good care of my body. Then, can I ask Yamatoya's husband and shop for a little guidance?"
"Yes, yes"
Juemon went out to the store first. Half-seven followed while staggering. It seemed that the sickness had started, and his cheeks were finally getting hot.
"My husband. Are all the people in the store all the same?" Hanshichi looked out over the store from the counter. More than forty big bosses were sitting in the counter, and two young bosses were flipping the abacus beside them. I also saw Kazuyoshi and another middle-aged man. Four or five little boys were unpacking the iron nails at the front of the store.
"Yes, everyone seems to be there," said Juemon, sitting in front of the brazier in the counter.
Hanshichi drew a cross-legged 《Agura》 in the middle of the store, and stared at the face of the guard and the kid.
"Hey, Yamatoya's husband. The famous monsters in Gushicho are Kiyomasa and Izumiya, who are well-known throughout Edo, but they are rude but quite a lot. It looks like it's not cracking down. Hey, that's right. I'm going to eat and pay the fat guys who kill the Lord, and keep them in a safe place. "
All the shop staff met face to face. Juemon was also in a hurry.
"Hello, boss. Well, be quiet ... Because this street is approaching traffic."
"I don't care who you ask. It's a house where you can get around anyway," Hanshichi laughed. "Hey, these guys. Listen carefully. You guys are all unscrupulous guys. Do you think there is a law that you have a crucifixion for your murderer, but you don't know what you're doing? I know that there is a crucifixion bastard who killed the main murderer in this. From the side point], it was the crucifixion that I had kept such a big-hearted bastard who killed the important master, and the master here is also a crucifixion. I'll squeeze five or six jackdaws at the end of the year, so make them black and use them as a medicine. If you are the husband of Yamatoya. It seems that your eyes are also a little shaded. Why don't you go to the storeroom and wash it with lye a couple of times? "
The other party was bad, and he was drunk with alcohol. I couldn't handle it, so when I just listened silently, Hanshichi got into a good mood and screamed again.
"But it's a lie for me. If you pull the main murderer" Toganin "here, you can have a good year-end gift for Hatchobori's husband. I'm already glaring at which mouse is white or black, even though I'm doing a lie. When I think that it's a bright light like my husband, the target is a little different. No matter when your arms turn behind you, never grudge me. Don't complain that the person who hangs the rope is grudged by the flying Joruri of Umekawa. Don't complain. It's not a lie or a joke, it's mysterious. Be prepared. "
Juemon became unbearable and came to the side of Hanshichi.
"Hello, boss. You seem to be drunk, so why don't you go to the back and take a rest. If you make a loud voice at the storefront, it will be a real nuisance to the world. From. Hey, Kazuyoshi. Please guide the boss to the back ... "
"Yes," Kazuyoshi shook and tried to take half-seven hands, and he was wrestled to the point of distorting his side.
"Yeah, noisy. What are you going to do? Don't take care of the crucifixion guys like you guys. I said that they were crucifixion guys because they were the main murderers. What happened? You know. The crucifixion guys are put on bare horses and run around Edo. Then Suzugamori When I was tied up on a tall tree in Kozukahara, the crucifixion squeezed the spear from both sides and stabbed it at the front of the eyes of the scholar, Toganin. Call it. It's called a show spear, remember it well. After the show spear, it really pokes under the right and left armpits for the first time. "
Juemon frowned so as not to listen to the explanation of this horrific punishment. Kazuyoshi also turned blue. Everyone else was breathing and shrugging in indescribable horror. As if everybody had been sentenced to death, he kept silent for a while without hitting his eyes.
The winter sky was lush and sunny, and the traffic on the front was full of bright daylight.

[# 5 indentation] 4 [# "4" is the middle heading]

Half-seven finally got drunk there. I thought it would be a nuisance to lie down in the middle of the store, but no one could touch the detour.
"Well, it can't be helped. I like to put it that way for a moment."
Juemon went into the back and was talking with his husband and wife. The store's stuff started to work for me. Eventually, when I thought that half an hour had passed, Hanshichi, who had been pretending to be asleep, suddenly got up.
"Oh, I got drunk. Let's go to the kitchen and drink some water. What's wrong. I'll go by myself."
Half seven went straight to the back without going to the kitchen. He jumped from the edge of the courtyard [# "Hirari" as an emphasis mark], and was hiding in the shadow of a large southern leaf, crawling like a frog. After a while, Kazuyoshi's appearance appeared on this edge. He seemed to sneak up in front of a shoji screen of four and a half mats and watch the inside. Eventually, when he gently opened the shoji, half-seven appeared from the southern sky.
In the shoji, I heard a man's moody voice. The voice was so low that I couldn't hear it well in half-seven. In the end, he became impatient, so he soon got out of the hiding place and crawled up to the edge like a muddy cat.
Wakichi's voice was still low. Moreover, it seemed to be shaking in tears.
"Hey. That's what I'm still saying, I killed my young husband, because everyone misses you. I've never said it, but I'm in love with you. I was eager to be married with you. In the meantime, you were with your young husband ... and soon you became an ostensibly bride ... What was my feeling? Winter Don Still, I don't hate you. I still don't hate you. I just didn't hate my young husband. I feel like my husband can't stand it anymore. Maybe I was crazy ... Just fortunately for the next year's forgotten play, I bought a ready-made sword from Hikage-cho and gently scrubbed it in the middle of the curtain. It went well ... But when the young husband was full of blood and was thrown into the dressing room, I was astonished as if I had been bathed in cold water, and then the young husband. How scary I was for two days and two nights until I finally died. Every time I went to my young husband's bedside, I was always shaking. When it comes to mine ... When I think about it, I'm happy but half, painful but half, and I've lived this way until today ... Oh, I can't do it anymore. It seems that he finally took notice of me in the business. "
It was imagined from the outside of the shoji that he was screaming with a dead face. Kazuyoshi continued to talk again, squeezing his nose.
"Okabiki came to the store, pretended to be drunk, and screamed that the murderer was in this store. I'm no longer hungry for being there. That's why I've already decided. I got out of this shop with a rope, put in prison, and became a crucifixion. Then I'll be crucifixed. Before I see such a terrifying eye ... I'm going to die in one thought. As I say, I'm never a grudge against you, but for you. If I think that's what happened ... Of course, you might think that you killed your young husband, but please take a moment to think about my feelings and feel sorry for him. I'm bad. I'm sorry. Instead, after I die, at least give me a bottle of crucifixion. That's my lifelong request. This is because everyone will go to you. "
The voice was finally getting darker and lower, so I couldn't understand it well after that, but I could hear the voice sobbing in winter. The eight bells of Ishimachi Kokucho (2:00 pm) rang. As I was surprised by that, there was a sign that a person would rise up in the shoji, so when Hanshichi hides in the bush of the southern sky again, the footsteps that surround the edge can be heard without power, and Kazuyoshi is stubbornly shadowed. I went out like this. Half-seven went up to the edge with a muddy foot.
Then, when I went to the store again, I couldn't see Wakichi here. I had been chatting with the head of the counter for a while, but Kazuyoshi still didn't come out.
"Sometimes I can't see the head of Mr. Wakichi from a while ago," Hanshichi asked, blurring with the sky.
"Where did you go?" "I couldn't have been a messenger ... What do you want?"
"No, what. But can you take a look at how it looks like you're out?"
The kid went into the back, but soon came out again and said that Kazuyoshi couldn't be seen in the back or in the kitchen.
"Then, is Yamatoya's husband still here?" Hanshichi asked again.
"Hey. It seems that Yamatoya's husband is still talking to the back ..."
"Can you tell me if I want to see you for a moment?"
In the living room in the back where the sliding doors were closed, the husband and wife and Juemon surrounded the long fire bowl and had a secret consultation in the dim air even in the daytime. The mother was a woman who liked about forty personalities, and she had a thin eyebrow behind her eyebrows. Half-seven was guided to that seat.
"Hello, my husband. I knew how the young husband was," said Hanshichi in a whisper.
"Eh," the eyes of the three people who turned to me shone at once.
"I'm a person in the store."
"The person in the store ...", Juemon leaned on his knees. "Then, did you really say that?"
"I pretended to be drunk and said that I was rude, but the technician" Toganin "is Wakichi of the shop."
"Wakichi is ..."
One of the maids rushed into the place where the three were looking at each other with half-belief. When he entered the storeroom on the back for some reason, Kazuyoshi was hanged and died there.
"I was wondering if I would hang myself or go to the river," Hanshichi sighed. "While listening to various stories from Yamatoya's husband, I heard about Wakadanna and Fuyudon. Then I was worried about Wakichi, who was in the same room as Wakadanna during the play. When I connected these three people with my young husband, Fuyudon, and Wakichi, it seemed that there was some kind of entanglement in love, so when I first met Fuyudon and asked him implicitly, Wakichi kindly asked me. He said he would come to visit me often. I thought it was strange, so I went to the store and screamed on purpose. The husband of Yamatoya might have thought that he was a violent one, but honestly. By the way, I thought it was for the store ... I don't have any miscellaneous works to tie him up, but he is imprisoned and scrutinized. It will be around Edo. During the scrutiny, this will cause inconvenience due to various inquiries, and it is said that there was a clerk in the shop from the first shop here. I knew that goodwill would be flawed and that it would naturally hinder future business, so I don't want to tie him up for some reason. I thought it would be better for me to self-destruct, so I deliberately made a fool of myself. The other is that I have good evidence that I can certainly identify him as him. I didn't hold it, so I groped and saw it in the dark ... If I didn't remember anything at all, I would just listen to it like other people. Well, if I remember it, I thought I shouldn't stay still, so I decided to make a good decision when I figured it out. Please listen to the details from winter. "
The three were listening by swallowing the spit.
"Mr. Hanshichi. No, I'm sorry," said Juemon. "While it was your role to tie up the technician, I abandoned my credit and gave it to the goodwill of this house so as not to damage it. Please don't turn this over, and Kazuyoshi will be confused even if he gets tired of it ... "
"Thank you. If you become a parent or relative, you may think that you will not get tired of the reverse crucifixion, but no matter what kind of punishment you did, the dead young husband will return. That's not to say, so please think of this as something to do with it, and do whatever you like to clean up Kazuyoshi. "
"Thank you for stacking up"
"But my husband, of course, I'll leave this to myself, but since there is only one person in Edo who must be honest, I'll refuse that from the beginning," he said. Seven said manly.
"One person in Edo," said Juemon with a mysterious look.
"It's hard to say at this seat, but I'm a Tokiwazu master named Mitsuyoshi in Shitaya."
The Izumiya couple met face to face.
"It seems that she is also misunderstanding about this time, so I have to tell her to go with her soul," said Hanshichi. "Then, it's extra care, but while I was a master of the young husband, there may have been various circumstances, but on top of that, I allowed that woman to come and go, and I'm sorry. Please take care of me. Even in that year, I don't have a host, and I'm getting older, and I feel sorry for an unreliable woman. "
Half-seven was soaked in, the mother started crying.
"I didn't get it at all. I asked him immediately tomorrow, and from now on, I'll be with him like my sister, Kyodai."

"It's completely dark."
The half-seven old man got up and twisted the lamp above his head.
"In the winter, I continued to serve Izumiya, and then I decided to use Yamatoya's mediator, Nakodo, to connect him to Asakusa as the daughter of Izumiya. After a few years, I quit my teacher and took care of Yamatoya and got involved with the turf. The owner of Yamatoya was a kind carer.
Izumiya took his son-in-law to his sister-in-law, but he was a hard worker, and at the same time that Edo became Tokyo, he quickly changed his business and became a watchmaker, and he still operates well in Yamanote. I am. In the old days, I sometimes go out to play.
As is familiar to eight laughter people, in the Edo period, amateur tatami mats and tea bans were popular, and the fifth and sixth tiers of Tadaomizo often appeared. There may have been a reason why costumes and tools were not difficult. I've been shown many times because of my elusive in-laws, but mysteriously, the sixth stage has disappeared since the incident at Izumiya. After all, it looks like I'm not feeling well. "



Bottom book: "Detective novels of the times, half-seven catch book (1)" Kobunsha Bunko, Kobunsha
November 20, 1985 (Showa 60) First edition 1 print issued
* The bottom book is a large scale of "ga" (ward number 5-86) used for counting things and place names.
Input: tatsuki
Proofreading: Mitsuhiro Yuchi
Published May 10, 1999
Revised June 11, 2012
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
