Rakugo / Guru Retsuden
Founder of Hien style
Ango Sakaguchi

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Memorandum << Meakashi >>

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Hundred | Rice << Meter >>
-------------------------------------------------- -----

The nose of Meakashi had the pretense that it was the best in Japan for the ten masters. The following is a list of his proud achievements as proof.
The story when he was doing Okabiki in Edo. A spear master of the town dojo, a master of six shakus, has begun to rampage and slaughter anyone who goes by. Even if a young samurai who is proud of his arm takes in the number, he will be struck down in a blink of an eye, and neither the concentric nor the catcher will be close. At that time, the nose dropped ten hands toward the buttocks, took off the crisp headband and hung it on the shoulder.
"Hey, I'm sorry for Choito."
When I approached Nikoyaka with a hand, it seemed that nothing was so much, so the hero suddenly got confused, and Hatena, I wondered if it was a public bath after me, a momentary gap. Yurumi is as thin as a silk thread sandwiched between killing and killing, but she sneaks in like air aiming at it. Suddenly, when the hero noticed, the nose was smiling and saying Chan into the circumference shorter than the length of the spear. This is the secret of hand training, unpleasantness, and martial arts. It's a walk that doesn't seem to be anything to Nikoyaka, but rather it's not dull, but the training of the martial arts of the mind and martial arts behind this is profound. Well, it's nothing if you go into a place shorter than the spear. He knocks down the spear without showing the hand to pull out the ten hands of the buttocks, and as soon as he takes one hand of the hero, he holds it with his ten hands. If you show the opposite, and pull in the hand of the hero with ten hands, the hero is already
"Ate Tete Te ..."
However, I can't move.
"Nah. The secret that I knitted over ten years is whether it's a spear or a sword. The ten-handed thing is the Tang dynasty. It's a technique, but I put Tamashii in Yawara's hand with the essence of shingaku. You have to have a birth. Speaking of Tsu, you have to have a birthplace called Ka. Ha ha ha. "
That is his theory.
At one point, three martial arts master ronin robbed a large store in Nihonbashi. One of the nimble little boys slips out and runs into his turn. I had to use my nose, so I was beaten up in the middle of the night, dropped my Jitte toward Choi and my butt, and went out. Three cloud-like ronin are pointing their swords at the bedside of their masters and letting them take out a thousand boxes. Tonight, go into the room,
"Senryobako is heavy."
However, when I picked up the ten hands of the buttocks and touched the arms, back and chest of three people, Choi, Choi, Choi, the three Australians were numb as if they were struck by drug moxibustion. It was.
From an amateur's point of view, the human body seems to be fragile but durable. If you cut it with a sword, you will get blood, but if you hit it with a fist, you can make a bump, but that's it. However, every human being has a vital point of Benkei's crying point, which is 565 all over his body. If a master chooses one of them, even the great master of the world will be paralyzed by the moxibustion of drugs.
It was amazing when I saw cherry blossoms in Ueno. As the nose walks under the cherry blossoms, uuum, it's a wonderful thing, and the people who see the cherry blossoms run away. When I ran into anything, eleven evil samurai put innen on the samurai Ojiisan with two beautiful daughters, and they came to fruition. The evil samurai's master ball looks like a man with a hand, and with one hand holding his hand, he treats Jiisan with a sword in one hand. Ji-san sweats and pallors his face and retreats. The other ten were laughing and watching Jisan being killed by Nabry.
"Hey. Thank you. Please wait. I'm sorry for a while."
By the way, when the nose was between the swords, the evil samurai's master ball turned his eyes.
"What is Quicama?"
"Hey. I'm sorry for the left."
"Who are you"
"Hey. I'm sorry at the tofu shop. How about using Conti?"
"Kono rude person"
The evil samurai's master ball was angry with Kankan and didn't show a way to pull it out, but he has already pulled it out. In the same position, the nose stands in the place where Guai is bad, so I try to slash the nose under one sword. Immediately, I turned over and fell down with my sword raised, and stretched out with Mumumu. The foot of the nose kicked the key point.
The ten remaining evil samurai approached with a cheeky servant and a sword, so it is important to be surrounded by ten people. Run away with Abayo. The speed of his feet is far below that of Hyakubei in Ome Village. At that time, there was no Olympics, so it can't be helped, but there is still no one who breaks the record of the nose from 100 | US "meters" to the marathon. However, since the other party will not follow you so far, you will play tag with a gap of 56 inches from the tip. When you become a master, you can feel the iron in your whole body, so you can know the position of the enemy's sword without looking behind. In other words, he is equipped with a radio wave detector through art and refinement. The enemy doesn't know that, so he rushes to stab the potatoes with another breath. If you let only one person chase you, the other person may get bored and give up, so if you dodge yourself and jump sideways and shift diagonally, put your back on the other person's tip 56 inches. .. It seems like it will arrive in another breath, so I forget myself and chase until I'm out of breath and blinded and can't see anything. In less than enough time, ten people were completely gone, one over there, one over there, as if they had been sown from heaven.
"Na. The secret isn't something that you just slash and poke. You don't have the effect that you feel on your whole body by the art and the refinement. You can't understand it unless you touch it. And, I feel that something is approaching from 3 shaku to 1 ken. This can be extended to about 3 ken by refining, but my thing is different. 7 ken, 10 ken If you can feel it as fifteen, you can feel something that is fifteen away. Hey. The speed of dodging according to the speed of the approaching object is fifteen. It's a cave where you can feel the appearance of the enemy. At this point, you shouldn't dodge yourself at night, whether you're targeted by a bow arrow or a gun ball jumps. However, it is extremely difficult to feel the distance between the five-inch, one-inch, five-minute, and seven-minute Hikarimono. Ha ha ha. "
I'm proud of this. He carelessly uses something like Chinese.
"What. This bastard. I wonder if everyone is talking about Edo. I heard the story of the skill that who was seriously watching since I came to this town. "
"Ha ha. There's one nifty thief in this land. I'm lucky to have returned to the land where I was born. It's a noisy thing. "
I'm stroking my chin.
Therefore, the townspeople in the castle town thought that they wanted to break their noses once in line with their sick eyes, as a proud chiki nose bastard.

★

There was a scholar named Yuridanemon, about three miles away from the castle town. I have no idea how many large and small sizes I have. It is said that if you line up one by one, you will cross the sea and reach Sado to wind the island seven times. The lords of generations take money from the generations of Danemon when they are unwilling to do so. It's a debt, though it's never returned. Elders may also come to borrow secretly. That's why I'm not intimidating, but it has a great prestige.
Danemon's beloved man, Otoki, had a splendid concubine built in the same village and shared a huge fortune, but he had only one daughter around the age and no boys. I'm looking for a sword there, but it's about one-hundredth of the property of the house compared to the main house, but since it's my husband's visiting hinpan house It's a wonderful thing that is as good as the famous gardens and villas of the old city. Even for money, about five of the Senryobako are divided. However, because it's a house, I can't get an adopted child from a place where I have a status.
However, a concubine named Otoki is a skillful person, and even if it is a concubine, people will take good care of it only while the husband is alive. If the husband dies, the concubines will not be able to stay in the village, and no one will take good care of them. Nowadays, even if there is money that people envy, if you sit down and eat, it will disappear from the mountain. Because Otoki thinks like this, his daughter, Satoshi, is a low-ranking person and Takusan. He is straightforward and clever, so in anticipation of a working man, I would like to take him to the castle town and have him in the store so that he can stand alone for a long time and prosper his descendants.
However, her daughter, O-kun, is 16 years old, and she is a cosmic beauty who may or may not have such a beautiful figure among the maids of the moon and princess. There were rumors that if you were honest, clever, and had a job, even those under the control of Yabukami's non-human head Kuro would take it, so it goes without saying that youths in other countries are far away. Up to that point, it's terrible to be uplifted and restless. For this reason, the young people in all directions are competing and proud of their work, and the response is so remarkable that there are no lazy people.
However, it was known that the bastard of Memei's nose walked along the Sanri road at the speed of Mimachi and went in and out of the house of Danemon on a daily basis, from young people to the elderly. I was surprised and angry with Anlema.
The nose-nosed bastard was a single person, Furaibo, a large borafuki who reached thirty. Just because he lived in a yamome, he wasn't the one who was among the young people named Hanato. Everyone got angry that that bastard was a fat bastard who didn't know what he was, but when you think about it, it's not convenient.
The nose-sucker is Furaibo, who went to Edo from 12th and returned to his hometown without getting entangled with his wife, but even those under Dankuro do not care about his status. There is no reason why that bastard is inconvenient.
I don't think he's a person with a lot of things to see, but the trouble is that he's a coma, he's smart, and he's also good at handicrafts, so he can do what a person can do in ten days. It's a Zului guy who seems to have finished it in a day. In the countryside, you can't call such a guy a Zului guy and put him in the right group of humans, but in light of Oh-kun's flower-sounding conditions, that bastard is better than the right, ugly, and unmistakable human being. There is a slope that is convenient for the person. It is the human beings in this land who are correct and correct, and the Zului guys are determined to be strangers, but from the eyes of a poor human being, Zului is a verse that does not seem to be clever and workable. It seems that there is no such thing, so it's a problem. Since concubines are monsters, they cannot be alert and their way of thinking is going crazy.
Speaking of honesty, it's like the beauty of human beings in this area, but that bastard is a strange bastard who doesn't drink alcohol. Humans in the snowy country have a lifelong relationship with Dobrok, but according to the stranger's view of Zului, not drinking alcohol may be part of the meaning of honesty. This is what it means to take a look at a living horse.
There is a Bon festival dance in the countryside. This is a good place in the countryside, and there is no one who sells fornication as a girl. The relationship is renewed year by year, the gate to the bedroom is opened, and the sexual life of young people is made proper and healthy. The nose bastard is a stupid bastard who has no color woman in this land, even though he flickers his ten hands and blows a big mullet. Such a guy is a man's face, a shameful oyster, and a good young man who is out of the group, and it is a strange monster that can only be stupid or Katawa, but from the perspective of a stranger, it is also straightforward. There is a fear that it seems to mean that. It is said that Edo will take the eyes of a living horse, and it is awkward to get rid of it because such a Zului guy appears.
Most of the time, I'm trying to do something like Okabiki, because the bad guys in the world, Zului, are also determined to be Zului, so as the name suggests, he sniffs out O-kun's story and is a bad idea. Maybe he stood in Edo with his nose in his chest.
Because I couldn't live with my eyes, Nosesuke was doing various jobs. I also do things like black kites, and if asked, I make and deliver crafts, carpentry, well digging, whatever. Sometimes I go to the blacksmith's storefront to work on my own Jitte, make something like a key, or make something strange that I don't know what to use. Some even suspected that the bastard was working as a thief with a ninja tool while taking part in his ten hands.
When I found out what the nose was for when I went in and out of Otoki's house, the young people passed through Odoroki and were scared that they couldn't stand even if they were there.
He visited the house for a day and
"Eh, Edo's specialty, Japan's largest detective, Nose. How about using the background check of Satoshi? Quick accuracy, kind politeness, confidentiality, low price, conscientious."
It was sold as. Indeed, he was the originator of the credit bureau this morning. It is natural that young people's hearts are cold and do not warm up.
There, the humans on all sides of the Juri united together to annihilate the nose, because there are five rows in the nearest place in every country, so it's awkward. The daughters of every village cheered on the nose as if they had consulted, and Tagosaku sneaked into Ora and the place of Anesa in the temple. I open it up in my nose. Both Anja over there and Oncha over here are angry and angry because a young single young man is aiming for Oh's voice and pulling out his soul.
Therefore, the information on the nose is accurate and polite as he is proud of, and he has a taste of not getting water, but since the source is really strict and there is no one who tells the truth any more, Anna is also oncha. I panicked with Areyo, and although I'm sorry, I can't help. No one can sleep well on high pillows with high snoring.
Because there are many math landlords in the countryside
"Things are consultation"
He came to visit the nose with a gold wrap. If you open the gold wrap and take it well, you'll do this much. After making a sound one by one, take it home again. There is no such thing as a bribe that puts a bribe under the sleeve. Just honest. There is no place to be guilty of national law. On the contrary, if you leave it alone,
"The nose bastard, Yodare's Santo, and when I put my wallet in the wallet, I didn't like it, it was a mess, and Kintama was caught in the fence. That nose Takari Mega "
Therefore, it will be made into a Zului inferior race on Zului. However, I can't say that because I know the nose.
People come to visit. Since the house of Nose is a remodeled storeroom, there is only one room if there is a kitchen.
"Who are you?
Speaking of which, the door opens with a slur. The nose guy sits down with Den in front of the free pot in the back. Hatena, looking around, wondering who opened the door,
"Why don't you come early? I'm a noroma guy in the countryside. I don't know one polite guy. It's cold and the specifications aren't good."
When there was a customer, the door closed with a slur. The nose in the back doesn't move, and there are no other people. When I was amazed and sick, the seat buton moved from the corner and stopped in front of the free pot.
"Mah, don't lay it down. You're not standing up. You have to be fluffy, it's dark. So you can't see it. Me "
Looking at it, the ceiling, walls, and tatami mats are full of strings. The strings are all gathered around him from the people. When this is pulled, the door opens and closes, and the pot and kettle also come and go here and there.
A life-sized human figure was written on one wall. It may be that this is the key point of 565, because the moxibustion-like spots are struck.
"Things are consultation"
"Nani. Things are consultations. But I always say the same thing. Something. In this land, good morning, tonight, things are consultations, but I'm sorry. Do you have a greeting? "
While saying this, pick up something like a 34-inch nail from under the knee and throw it toward the human figure. The nails are stuck in the key points of the face.
When the customer thrust his hand into the foot,
"No, no. No matter what you put out from such a place, you can't do anything. I'll do something boring. I'll give you a tongue, so I think so."
Throw a nail. Gusari to the key point. While the customer was looking at it, the door opened with a slur, wondering how he pulled the string.
"There was a door. Don't go home. Don't go home."
And it will be kicked out.
Although it was a polite Okabiki, it was rude and rude. If left unchecked, it's like having Juri and Shikata conquered by one nose. There, volunteers from Anna gathered and
"If you leave that bastard as it is, there is no point in saying that there is a man in this village. If you say this, you have to be ashamed until the last generation."
"That's right. I have to live all at once."
It was decided that.

★

It was decided to live at once, but the method of execution is difficult. I'm sure I'll remember it a little because I've wiped a big mullet, and I don't know what kind of wisdom and evil plan the guy who has been in Edo for ten years is.
Among the Anna in the neighborhood, the Australian who agreed with the public was the grass sumo yokozuna Oniko, which is strong. Even in Ozeki, Edo, 6 shaku, 3 inch, and Ozeki in Edo, the old man who doesn't want to praise young people says that it would be dangerous if he fired a single gun, so you should know it. Not only are there no one who has teeth, but when they are blown away, some are struck to a place higher than the middle of the pillar and break their ribs, and some are hung on a waist wheel and slam their heads into the soil. Some say that he turned his eyes and breathed back, but became a fool. Some people were crushed and broke their legs, and there are countless ones that fluttered their eyes on their backs with just one gun, so the demon light gun is sealed. If you don't seal the sumo wrestling, the injured will never cease. Now there is no one who is willing to challenge Oniko. The next most powerful person is the Kaibozu of Gyogoji Temple. It must be a shaven, but he is a ghost shaven like Umibozu, and is a mountain man with the title. It's a really difficult guy who beats and kills both bears and Mujina, and sometimes he calls himself rough and stays in the mountains because this taste is unforgettable.
Among the townspeople, Anna, a rice shop, is a master of Maniwa Nen-ryu, who is a rice shop, and trains Jun Hachiro Ishikawa's substitute, Waka Zamrai. Another one, the town fire extinguisher, is walking with the wind on his shoulders, pretending to be a master of fighting, the town guy. The above four are strong people who are forgiven by all, and in the language of the land, they are Kittsuimon.
There, a polite messenger was sent from volunteer Anya, and four great masters gathered. A large bulmai with a second set that has free items such as catfish, loach, snail, sparrow, potato, radish, carrot, and burdock.
"I can't talk about it outside, but I think I'm looking at Ome-sama as Kittsuimon, and I have a request here. There's a man in there, but that bastard isn't a freelancer either. Where I glared, I pulled out the eyeballs of a living horse and got cancer, that bastard. So, I had to ask Ome-sama to help me, but the trouble here is that if that guy is also a human Hashikure who takes part in ten moves, it's just a matter of living. I can't wait. "
Oniko quietly closed his eyes with a face that seemed to be nothing, swallowing Dobrok that was stuck in his chest with ten hands.
Eventually, keep an eye out plausibly,
"According to the story of Oratoko's man and Okaka, Nna can't be sumo wrestling forever. I was told that I would come to Yome. If you get Anesa, you shouldn't feel like a young Anna. You should stop wrestling with another Anna anymore. So, when I take Sumo next time, I have to be scolded by Ototo and Okaka. "
It seems that it has more power than the top of the ring, and there are sweat balls on the forehead and the tip of the nose. The peasant is afraid of the officials without the cave. A habit that makes a long and sad history. Anya, who I remember, was laughing and laughing.
"I can't just scold Kitsuimon, who wouldn't be a bear or a wolf if he was killed by Ome-sama. I haven't heard the story. If there are a wolf and a wolf, it's better to come to the wolf and the wolf instead of Ome-sama and let the nose guy live. Hurry up. Rest assured. There's one way here that you can't complain about living that bastard. "
There, everyone gathered their foreheads and held secret discussions. Congratulations on the consultation, and that night was enough for the pre-celebration, so we all stayed at Anna's president's house.
Well, it's the next morning. In this village, Nosesuke is on the way to Otoki's house, so everyone gathered in front of the guardian's company to prepare for it, and touched the whole village again.
"Oh, it's going to be fun. Everyone, come on, come on, come on."
Gathering people, waiting for the nose to pass by now or now.
The nose passed by. Anja's president ran and went
"Oh. Nose"
"What do you say? I'm Karahenki. I'm a bastard who doesn't even know how to speak. Also, I'm talking about things, but I'm sorry."
"Ahaha. I asked my friends to join me today."
"Stupid. Can you join us? I'm busy. Wash your face and come back."
"I don't like that."
"What's wrong?"
"When I heard, Nna was told that she was good at using swordsmanship."
"Don't be crazy. The sun goes down, really. I use swordsmanship, but what's wrong?"
"There's something good about Nna. You know Nna, but when you say who Kittsuimon is in all directions, don't name four people. Oniko, Umibozu, Anna Yoneya, and It's the four guys of Hisaku. I'm sorry for Nna, but no one names Nna. Well, when it comes to who the four quarrels are, that's it. The trouble is that the type of technique is different, so the faces of the guys never match. I'm crazy. The specifications are not good. So in my village, everyone consulted, and everyone was fighting about it every day, so it shouldn't be a cancer, so come to the four guys and win the game. It's okay if it's fragile. I can't ask for it for free, so if I give him ten gold coins, I'll be overjoyed to fight those guys. On the day when today is the day to fight. Nna also passed by to a good place. If Nna didn't pass, no one would think of Nna's stupid guy, but Nna's I saw him. That idiot also brags and argues, but put it in and it's funny. Yeah, yeah, it's a quarrel. If you come to and, to tell you the truth, it's better not to be a friend of Nna. Nna can't get enough money, and she hasn't been able to look around yet. It's okay, but if I come to breathe back, I'll be in trouble again. I'll say I'm sick today so as not to be ashamed of Nna, but Nna's reply How is it? "
"Well, win, can you give me ten?"
"Oya. Do you feel like getting Nna?"
"Will you give me?"
"If you win, you'll get rid of it, but if you lose, you'll get rid of anything."
"Let's get it"
"Oya. Nna must win."
"I'm an idiot. I'm sure I'll win. It's not bad if I have ten cars."
"If you get it, it's not bad. You can't complain even if you look around and live."
"Tell him well to the four guys. Don't be resented. I'm a very kind man."
Of course, we know at a glance that it is a plan for everyone. However, the face that does not eat anything.
Everyone was delighted that they were wondering if the strategy would work. Anna's president turned to the nose,
"I'm sorry for Nna, but it's convenient to get rid of the weak cancer. Nna is the first one. I can't help it. The four of us are good at drawing lots. "
When the lottery was drawn, the order was Hisaku, Umibozu, Yoneya Anya, and Oniko.
"What is the weapon of the nose?"
"Don't you know the master of the world, the ancestor of the ten-handed nose-style idiot?"
"I don't know at all. What is a flight?"
"I'm a master of fighting. I don't care what I do, but I feel sorry for this stick, Bon Gure, and the nose guy crying."
"Ahhh. It's about the countryside wielding a stick, I have to be bare hands. I can't pay the general. Saa, Koi."
"This bastard"
There was a quarrel around the countryside, and when he suddenly stabbed me with this bastard, even though he was born and the stab of this person never came off, I wondered what the reason was and said to the front. I have swam. When I turned around and tried to hit him, the nose, who had already come there, grabbed the elbow of Hisaku's dominant arm. Hisaku drops a stick and stands on the toes of his toes while stretching his back.
"Itetetetete ..."
The viewer does not understand why. The nose is just pinching the choi and elbow.
"Ahaha"
When the nose laughed and released the elbow and lightly attached the spleen belly 《Hibara》, Hisaku uttered a frog's voice and fell down and fell down.
"Hey. Instead"
"Oya. Don't do it. I'm the sea boss of the temple. Unlike Anna, who extinguished the fire of Konge, the bones of the bear's head would be ruined if I lived, but I'm sorry. I don't think I'm going to ruin the bones of Nna's head, but I don't know. Nna, don't you? "
"Ahhh. A big entrance that I wanted to take to Edo and go to a spectacle appeared. I want to get rid of it here. Saa, come on."
"This bastard"
Onyudo shook his fist and hit him. As you know from boxing, swings are rare. Dodging the fist of Onyudo is nothing more than a nose. When I sang the sky, farewell and Onyudo, open my hands,
"This bastard"
It jumps. At that time, when I got spleen belly with Choi, I made a loud and screaming voice, and Onyudo turned over with Zushin and got sick.
"It's your next turn"
"Oya. Nna seems to be very good at Yawara's hands. I'm Maniwa Nenryu's swordsman, but Yawara's cancer is useful for even the best masters in Japan if they use the sword. Do you know that, too? Once upon a time, a bastard named Sasaki Kishiyanagi died after being sworded by a bastard named Musashi Miyamoto. I'll stop it. "
"Ah ha. You're a little better. Let's look at the hands of the sticks in the countryside. I'm sorry, but I'll use one ten hands. Come on."
"This bastard. Don't break your head."
For the first time, both were perfectly prepared. When Anna of Yoneya glances at her, the other party does quite well. However, it's not a big deal because it's about one shaku and five inches. If you enter "Ma" between the wooden swords, you will be killed, so hold ten hands in front of him and go far away. If you go on, you will go down. It's a matter of course. Go ahead. It goes down. Go ahead. Immediately, the other party made a quick progress. Anna, a Yoneya who couldn't detect the sign for a moment, suddenly swings down because the other party is already in the middle. Cut the sky and ton ton ton. The dominant arm is struck and the wooden sword is dropped. Pinch the choi and elbow with the left hand of the nose and extend up with the toes,
"Itetetetete ..."
When I was able to get rid of my spleen belly with Choi and Jitte, I got sick with Gyu.
This time, I thought it was okay because I was a professional swordsman, but I was surprised because I even went to Yoneya Anna.
Oniko turned pale and shook with greasy sweat.
 then,
"This is this. It's no longer a match. That big man is no longer able to shake. Even so, in his surprised hands."
The one who appeared calling out was an old man who came to a long-distance ride and could see the whole story.
Because Jun Hachiro Ishikawa's training and Anna Yoneya were twisted without difficulty, there was no need for any more skill. I will take you back to the castle and show it to the lord.
When I put ten young samurai of skill at one time, I separated my back by 67 inches from the sign of Hikarimono, ran away there, and while I was running away, I was knocked down one by one. The lord is impressed with everything and holds it with a hundred stones.
The elder read the nose,
"The ancestor of the nasal flow is not dignified."
"Then, let's go with Ida Tenryu."
"Um. The originator of Hien-ryu Kodachi. This is it. Do this."
"Ah, I'll do anything."
"How about Musashi Nonosuke, whose first and last name is named after Edo and Kishiyanagi of Hien? This is good."
"Ehehehe. Don't Musashi. Yuri's husband became my daughter O-kun's voice and became my branch house, so I had to be Yuri Nasunosuke. sorry"
Suppressing the nose guy, Odeko, grinning, with a somewhat red face on the handle.



Bottom book: "Ango Sakaguchi Complete Works 11" Chikuma Shobo
December 20, 1998 (Heisei 10) First edition first edition issued
Parent of the original: "All Reading Material Vol. 6, No. 3"
Issued on March 1, 1951 (Showa 26)
First appearance: "All reading material, Vol. 6, No. 3"
March 1, 1951 (Showa 26)
Input: tatsuki
Calibration: noriko saito
Created on August 30, 2009
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
