Early Ear Third Prey
Woman returning to the sea
Hayashi unforgettable

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Clam Gate << Clam Gomon >>

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Honshiba 4-chome | Kashima Myojin

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) Zubu [# Emphasis mark on "Zubu"] Wet
-------------------------------------------------- -----

No, it seems tremendous from now on, but the first year of the Genji era was four years before the Meiji Restoration. Is upset, as he shoots at Shimonoseki. Therefore, even though there are quite a few strange stories, the bad guys twisted their arms and traversed the world, so there are not a few strange species in the catch.
This is one of the cases dealt with by Okabiki of Edo Hanakawado and Miyoshi Hayami.
Around that time, there was a large sake wholesaler called Izumiya at the opening of Nada near Kashima Myojin, Honshiba 4-chome. It's a very wealthy house with a couple of servants, but it also retails in a corner of the dirt floor. At the same time as the six nights at the end of the night, there was a woman who came to buy sake by offering a pottery "Kawarake". It shouldn't be strange because he comes to a liquor store to buy sake, but this female customer is very unusual, and one evening when he first came to the store, he got the attention of all the people at Renjoji Temple. When the "Renjoji" bell was hitting six, a woman came into the store out of nowhere. Just before the evening, the clerk at the store was constantly indulging in the dandruff story, but
"welcome--."
When you look at it, the woman has a very well-organized face, and it wears a white kimono like a shrine maiden, and hangs her hair behind her like a smooth straw. It is concluded with. Then, in silence, he pointed to the finest of the many sake barrels lined up, and respectfully offered the earth-grilled Choshi, which he had picked up and offered to the shrine.
"Is this sake? It's a go."
When the little boy asked, the woman nodded silently, put a price on it, and went home as if to offer a sake bottle containing sake.
Later, the little boy said something like this.
"It looks like it's been raining for a long time."
"What are you talking about?" Another kid called Chodon immediately countered. "I'm a sleepy man. I wish there were stars."
It was a clear evening. There was still some sunlight left and it was a beautiful evening reminiscent of tomorrow's fine weather.
"That's right. It's strange."
The first kid was suspicious of the words of the chief and twisted his neck suspiciously, but eventually he went to the door and looked into the open air.
"Why don't you pretend to be a lot of rain?"
Nagadon was hilarious from behind. Without saying anything, the little boy went out to the front for a few steps, turned his palm up to feel the rain, and looked up at the sky. The chief laughed.
"Haha, no matter how much I see, it will rain on this sunny night. I'm stupid, Matsudon."
So, Matsudon had no choice but to go to his wife, but with a face that didn't fall into his mind.
"But it's strange!" And said, "The woman who came now, I wore that white kimono-Zubu [#" Zubu "was a side point] I was wet. "
However, I don't deal with Nagadon.
"Fufufu, there's a guy who gets wet even though it's not raining. You're doing something wrong."
"Because it was really wet, it was soaked from the tip of my head to the tip of my feet [#" Emphasis mark "]. "
"Stupid! If it rains again, it's raining, so there's an umbrella for that.
The pine tree was crying.
"No matter how solid I am, I can't help getting wet."
"That's why you're the Otanchin [#" Otanchin "on the sidelines] of the mallet head" Saizuchi Atama "of the Karahenki" Myochikirin ". "
"I want to drop water drops from my white kimono. "
"What should I say! I'm about to fall from my eyes."
Finally it became a quarrel. There, the clerk went into arbitration, and Matsudon was like that, so it wasn't long before the woman left, and if it was wet, it might be a trace of it. When I examined the soil floor, I found that only the soil there absorbed water and made it moist [# "moist" as an emphasis mark]. Matsudon won first, and the shop staff wondered, but that was the night.
Then, in the evening of the next day, the same woman came again, like a signal at the bell of Renjoji. This time, there is a story about Matsudon of Yube [# "Emphasis mark"], so everyone watched carefully, but the white costume "Shiroshozoku" that he is wearing is just now | It's soaked [# "emphasis mark"] as if it was pulled up from "Takurai". Moreover, with a blue face that makes you feel like [# "Zo" is an emphasis mark], let's put the same sake into the same sake bottle without speaking anything, hold it in your eyes, and almost rub it. 》 I went home on my feet, so now everyone feels completely strange and the discussions are mixed. There are many temples in the vicinity, but there are not many shrines. Kashima Myojin is right next to it, but there is no such goddess Miko there. Therefore, the question of where did the woman in this white coat come from?
In fact, when it comes to six twilights, every day, the whole body is wet from the lowered hair [# "emphasis mark"], and the woman comes without a shrine sound. Then, buy only one of the same finest sake, dedicate it like a ritual, and leave. It lasted for ten days, while everyone was eager to feel it.
It was heard by the owner, and the shop staff had a great reputation, so I couldn't throw it away. One day I grabbed the place where the woman came and said to the clerk.
"Thank you very much for your patronage [#" patronage "emphasis mark]. We would like you to carry it with us, so if you let us know your place of residence, we will deliver it from the front side every night. "
However, the woman went out without replying, seeing the face of the clerk as Jirori [# "Jirori" as an emphasis mark].
It was decided that it would be a mute, but it seems that this is understandable in the evidence that it is not.
What kind of details do you get when your whole body gets wet every day?
Kewaizaka, which is getting wet, is good, but anyway, she is a strange woman.
――So, I'm so worried about it, so one evening, my husband secretly made a mark of a woman [# "secretly" as an emphasis mark].
The woman stepped on the straw sandals and walked toward the beach. There are no houses around here anymore. The forest of the Satsuma warehouse mansion was floating on the right side of Yoizuki.
The wind carries the incense of the rocky shore. On the line, a large building, which was originally a ship carpenter's workplace, lies black like a rugged castle. This time, there is only one building.
I don't know! I wonder if you are in such a place?
While thinking, Izumiya followed me at intervals so that I wouldn't be distracted, and the woman passed by the ship's large factory.
The end is the sea.
Ditch, yellowtail-there is a roaring sound. When I hurriedly chased to the beach, the woman in a white coat was blown by the sea breeze and stood in the waves.
Oh! Is it Minage?
Let's call out.
However, it's strange to have sake sake bottles and shinju.
Wait a little longer and see how it looks.
While thinking this way, Izumiya completely crushed his gall bladder.
The woman in clothes went into the sea. Tokkuri with sake in one hand, lightly hanging out in one hand [# "hanging around"], instead of pulling up the hem of the kimono, the woman is heading offshore, just like going back and forth. is there.
Because it is a shallow inland sea, the amount of rushing waves is low, but it still crushes near the shore and raises white droplets. Even when the waves come, the woman doesn't even bounce. As it gets deeper step by step, the body of the woman is gradually swallowed by the water, from the knees to the waist and from the belly to the chest.
Izumiya, who secretly looks at this from the root of Isomatsu, is creepy but uncomfortable. In this case, the rear view of this woman who stepped into the sea with the attitude of returning to her own house had to feel a truly indescribable youkai, but that's right.
Leaving the line of waves, one step, two steps, and three steps, the woman showed her head on the water for a while, but eventually it also completely disappeared [# "emphasis mark"] and completely. I got into the sea [# "emphasis mark"]. However, even if he disappears, he may be in a hurry to point to the offshore with a sake bottle, just like when he is walking down the street of Honshiba. --I think that the.
After that, the tides that came and returned were rumbling in black, and the lights of Matsudaira Higonokami's camp were blinking in the distance between the fishing fire "Isaribi" and the stardust. .. The sea at night when she swallowed a woman was spreading as a ghost [# "Kerori" as an emphasis mark].
Izumiya, who returned home vaguely like an idiot, didn't say anything about the actual view of the night.
The woman came next evening. Izumiya followed again. Then I watched the woman enter the sea like the night before. The next day and the next evening-Izumiya was full of enjoying the secrets that only he knew.
There are some strange things in the world.
What should be human is a long-term student.
That woman seems to come from the sea and return to the sea.
Well, that's why it's always wet.
Izumiya forgot everything and just seemed to be disappointed with the eerie interest in this white-clad woman [# "Hachi" as an emphasis mark].
Then, on the fifth night after I started, when I was looking at the woman from the shadow of the pine tree on the beach as usual, what I thought was that the woman turned around her heels with a slapstick [# "Kururi" as an emphasis mark]. Then, someday I went under the pine tree.
I was staring at Izumiya through it.
The father was in a hurry. I can't move my legs to escape. As I was confused, the woman made a voice like a silver bell.
"Maybe it's the owner of the liquor store. I knew early on that you were wearing me. I thought I'd hide it if it was, but now I'm sorry. 》 No. What do you think of me? ”
It was a terrifying time, but I suppose it meant something like that anyway.
"Hehe."
Izumiya sloppyly poked both hands into the sand. The woman is asking.
"What do you think about it?"
"Hey--."
"Hey [#" Hee "is an emphasis mark] I don't know-I'm not a human being. "
I see, the voice of a woman in the sea is far from human.
"e?"
The father raised his face unintentionally. A light of the night sky is falling on the shoulder of a woman with water on her back. The sound of the sand crumbling was heard because the woman was approaching.
"I'm not a human. I'm the maiden of the dragon god."
"That dragon, dragon god-."
"Goodbye. The maiden of the dragon god goes up to the land with the human body at night to buy the sake you call."
"Hehe. It's hard. Thank you very much. I don't even know such a person, and I'm looking after you--please forgive me for being rude."
Sand was attached to the forehead of Izumiya. However, the woman did not answer it and said the following as "Ruru".
The lord of any woman, the dragon god, seems to have an Oita mouth, and I don't know why he puts on the kanzake at the bottom of the sea, but Izumiya's sake is hot and hot. If you don't catch it, you won't call it. That's why this woman came to buy a small drink every night, but because she likes the taste of sake so much, Ryujin-sama was so happy these days that she soon went up to land and visited Izumiya, and the human world is still there. It is said that he is leaking to his aides the desire to teach his husband the secret method of family business prosperity that is unknown to him.
When I heard that, Izumiya was happy this time. Please come and visit us anytime. I asked the woman, and since goodness is in a hurry, tomorrow would be good. The dragon god is okay, so I'll stand in the middle and put it together, so please wait like this. The time is Yumitsu, and I will guide you to the dragon god-the story is early. Shortly after deciding what to do with "Bantan", the woman disappeared into the waves as a rush [# "Isoiso" as an emphasis mark].
By the way, tonight, the dragon god of the customer "Tokui" will come and give me a thankful law that no one knows, so the next day, the owner of Izumiya lived in the sky above. Waiting for the night, as the woman told me, the whole family left them to their relatives, and every servant spent the night, which I promised the woman, but in every corner of the large house. When I stood up a hundred-eyed candle and waited for Tsukune [# "Tsukune" as an emphasis mark]-the wind blew or the old 椽 "Taruki" was seen [# " It sounds like a terrible thing, such as "Mishi" and an emphasis mark.
The dragon god's favorite things prepared from noon are lined up on it, and sake is also made. I was bored and scared, so I was doing a little bit [# "Chibi Chibi" as an emphasis mark] with my old man first.
And the time limit. The front door was detailed, and the usual woman in a white coat came in. I'm inviting you to look back.
Finally, the dragon god was born. The father prostrated on the up stile. There is a footstep and it seems that someone is standing in front of me.
It is no wonder that the master, who had a terrifying head, shouted [# "Ah" as an emphasis mark] rather than looking at it at a glance.
The reddish black cotton crest, Gando [# "Gando" as an emphasis mark], the hood, and the promised Ronin figure stand with a long, throbbing sword. When the woman closes the door as Ni [# "Ni" as an emphasis mark],
"Grandfather, I'm sorry to surprise you. It's dangerous to flutter. My dragon god is just a little [#" chi "emphasis mark], so I'm cheeked. "
With the greeting, there is no other work. While the father was pushing his towel into his mouth and swaying with a sword, the dragon god and his maiden searched from where to where, and the next morning, the family and the shop staff. When he came back, he said that he had no money left, let alone cash.
No, it's a cool imitation--somehow, some people are impressed with the bad things. It has a great reputation. It was Miyoshi, who was called the boss of Hanakawado, who listened to this.
"Because it's a female white nami, it's a place where the female Ama can't move."
It ’s not a magic trick that the swordsman ‘Bakurenmono’ made with his lover 《Man》 [# "Guru" as an emphasis mark]. I was nesting somewhere in the neighborhood, and every evening I went out wearing a white coat over water, fishing for Manma [# "Manma" as an emphasis mark] and Izumiya, and when I saw that my father came with me, Soak in the sea for a while and feel cold. It's okay because the root is a female. After showing some wonders in this way, if you bring the dragon god story of the example, the old villain with deep superstition and greed will usually get caught. If that happens, you can open the box with just one mouth and let the squeeze open. What a dexterous thing.
It's Fute Ama [# "Ama" is an emphasis mark]-So, when Miyoshi is sniffing around, Edo has a lot of mouths. Soon after, a woman who had been a maiden in Enoshima was held down at Furuishiba in Fukagawa. The samurai ran away, but the woman received the rope without any bad luck. The figure of the black collar "Kuroeri" hanten "Hanten" and the figure pulled up from the front of the long fire bowl was not so much as water dripping, but it seems that she was a little woman.



Bottom book: "Complete works of three people per person 1 [#" 1 "is a Roman numeral, 1-13-21] Era catch nail pulling Fujiyoshi catch memorandum" Kawade Shobo Shinsha
First edition issued on January 15, 1970 (Showa 45)
Input: Takashi Kawayama
Proofreading: Masatoshi Matsunaga
Created May 20, 2008
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
