Jean Christoph
JEAN-CHRISTOPHE
Volume 4 Rebellion
Romain Rolland
Translated by Yoshio Toyoshima
-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]
"":ruby
(Example) Lifelong << Shogai >>
｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Large | Idiot "Idiot"
[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Numbers are JIS X 0213 area area number, or original page and number of lines)
(Example) * [# "Mouth + Love", Level 3 1-15-23]
[]: Enclose the accent-decomposed European language
(Example) [Seine Majesta: t]
Please refer to the following URL for details on accent decomposition.
http://aozora.gr.jp/accent_separation.html
-------------------------------------------------- -----
Introduction
I think that Jean-Christoph's somewhat agitated critical character can often be distracting to the readers of each sect, so as he enters a new phase of the story, I hope my friends and friends of Jean Christophe, but please do not consider my criticism as definitive. Each of my thoughts is only a moment in my life. If living wasn't to correct my fallacy, conquer my prejudices, and expand my thoughts and hearts day by day, it would have helped me. rattan? Wait! Forgive me for a while, even if I had an audience with him. I know that I should be an audience. And when you admit your fallacy, you will blame it even more harshly than you. Every day, I try to get closer to the truth. When I reach the end, you will judge the value of my efforts. As the old saying goes, "Death praises life, and evening praises one day."
November 1906 [# raised two letters from the ground] Romain Rolland
[# Breaking]
Quicksand
 freedom! ...... Freedom that is not bound by others or yourself! The net of passion that had been entwined with him for a year was suddenly cut off. How? It didn't make sense to him at all. The mesh could not support his raw pressure. A strong personality was one of the bouts of growth that roughly tore the dead foreskin yesterday, the old soul that hindered breathing.
Christoph didn't know what had happened and just breathed full. When I saw off Gottfried and came back, an icy Sakufu was blowing into the main gate of the town and swirling. Everyone was bowing towards the strong wind. The female workers on their way to work were angry with the wind blowing into their clothes. His nose and cheeks turned bright red, and he looked angry, stopped for a moment, and took a breath. I was about to start crying. Christoph was happy to laugh. He wasn't thinking of the storm. I was thinking of other storms, the storms that had just come off. He looked around the winter skies, the snow-covered towns, and the struggling people. I looked around myself and inside myself. There was nothing connecting him to anything anymore. He was the only one. ...... Only one! How happy it is to be alone and to be your own. How happy it is to have escaped the chains that were tied together, the pain of memories, the illusions of love and the illusions of evil. How happy it is to finally survive, not become a raw prey, and become a raw master!
He turned white with snow and went home. She shook herself happily like a dog. As I passed by my mother, who was sweeping the hallway, I picked her up with a loving, tongue-in-cheek voice, as if I were telling a child. Old Luisa struggled in the arms of her son, Musuko, whose snow had melted and was damp. Then, with an innocent laugh like a child, he called him, "Large | Idiot!"
He went up to his room with a stride. I reflected my face in a small mirror, but I couldn't see it well. It was so dim. But his heart was joyful and brave. The low room, which was so small that he couldn't move around, seemed to him like a kingdom. He closed the door with a key and laughed with satisfaction. I was finally heading myself again! How long ago I had lost myself! He hurriedly sank into his thoughts. The idea seemed to be a large lake that melted into a distant golden haze. After spending a night of bitter heat, he stood by the lake, washing his feet in clean water and stroking his body in the breeze of the summer morning. He jumped in and started swimming. I didn't know where to go. And that was almost irrelevant. It was just fun to swim around without a hitch. He was silent, laughing and listening to the myriad sounds of his soul. Countless creatures were moving in the soul. I couldn't tell anything. My head was dizzy. I just remembered the dazzling happiness. I was happy to feel those strange powers in myself. And I was lazy to try my abilities, and I was proudly drunk with the flowers that were blooming in my heart, and I was disappointed. What had been held down for several months was the flowers that bloomed all at once, as if spring had come suddenly.
Mother was calling him for a meal. He got off. My head was stunned, as if I had lived outdoors for a day. However, a deep color of joy was shining in him. Luisa asked him what had happened. He didn't answer. I caught my mother's torso and forcibly danced around the table where steam was rising from the soup pot. Luisa was out of breath and called him a madman. Then she took action.
"Well!" She said with anxiety, "I must have fallen in love again!"
Christoph started laughing. I threw a napkin in the air.
"I'm in love! ..." he shouted, "Oh my lie ... it's a lie, it's a lie, there's a lot more. You're relieved. ! …… Ah! ”
He drank a glass of water with Nanami.
Luisa looked at him with peace of mind, shook her head, and smiled.
"It's an unreliable promise of drunkenness," she said, "well until night."
"That alone will be something," he replied, "Kigen."
"I see," she said. "But why are you so happy?"
"I'm happy. That's it!"
He put both elbows on the table, sat face to face with her, and told her what she would do in the future. She listened to it with a gentle suspicion and quietly warned that the soup had cooled. He knew she wasn't listening to her. But I didn't mind it. He was talking to himself.
The two were looking at each other with a smile, he said, and she didn't listen well. She was proud of her son, Musuko, but did not place much emphasis on her artistic aspirations. She thought, "This person is happy, that's the most important thing."-He was intoxicated by his story, with his mother's nostalgic face and a black scarf on his neck. He wore a scarf tightly, had white hair, looked at himself gently with his youthful eyes, and looked at the face of his mother, who was generous and calm. The thoughts in her mind were completely read. He joked.
"It doesn't matter to my mom, what I'm talking about."
She lightly disagreed.
"No, no!"
He hugged her.
"What's that, that's right! Well, I don't have to make excuses. My mom is more likely. Just love me. I want people to understand me. You don't have to.-You and anyone. Now you don't need anyone, you don't need anything. You have everything in yourself .... "
"Oh," she said, "This is another madness | it's become a mess! ... But if that's the case, it's still better."
The heart-pleasing happiness that floats on the lake of thought! ... Lying on the bottom of the boat, his body bathes in the sunlight, his face is struck by a refreshing breeze running on the surface of the water, and he is drowsy while floating in the air. Underneath the lying body, deep water can be felt under the shimmering boat. Hands are immersed in water by themselves. He gets up. Like a child's cage, he holds a chin on the edge of the boat and looks at the passing water. You can see the brilliance of mysterious creatures flying away like lightning ... Another "other", then another ... They are always different creatures. He is laughing at the strange sight that unfolds within him. I'm laughing at my thoughts. There is no need to fix the idea anywhere. What is the key to choosing, among those endless dreams? There is still enough time. ...... Later! ...... If you throw a net at any time, you will always be able to pull up a monster that you can see shining in the water. I'll just let it through for now. ...... Later!
The boat is floating with a warm breeze and a faint flow that cannot be seen. It's calm, the sun is shining, and it's lonely.
Finally he throws a net in the air. Bend over the water with splashes and see off the net until you can't see it. After being vague for a while, loosely draw a net. The net becomes heavier as you pull. While trying to pull it out of the water, I rest my hands for a moment and take a breath. I know I have a prey, but I don't know what it is. He enjoys the pleasure of expectation.
He finally decided. The brilliant fish of the instep scales "Korin" emerge from the water. Twisting like a myriad of snakes in the nest. He rarely looks at them, moves them with his fingers, and wants to pick up some beautiful ones. However, as soon as it is taken out of the water, its luster fades and its appearance melts between the fingers. He throws it into the water and begins fishing for others. Rather than picking one of the illusions that are moving within me, I want to look at them all in turn. It seems much more beautiful when swimming freely in the clear lake water ....
He caught all sorts of things. All of them were strange. For several months he had all the ideas he had, and he never used them to spend money, so he was now reluctant to abundant. But everything was cluttered. His idea is a storeroom, a Jewish antique store, where rare items, expensive cloth, iron | scraps, rags, etc. are piled up in the same room. It was piled up. He couldn't tell which was the most valuable. I was also interested in both. The chords sway, the colors ring like bells, the harmony that resembles the wings of a bee, and the melody that smiles like a lips that fall in love. Also, the illusion of landscape, the image of a person, passion, soul, personality, literary idea, metaphysical idea. In addition, a grand plan that is impossible to be magnificent, a four-part work "Tetralogy" and a ten-part work "Decalology" that extract everything with music and try to cover various worlds. Also, many are faint, flickering sensations that are suddenly evoked by trivial things such as one voice, one man passing through the street, the sound of the wind, and the inner rhythm of the rhythm. --Many of those plans existed only in the title. It was summarized in one or two main tones, but that was enough. Like the youngest, he believed that he created what he had dreamed of creating.
However, he had too much vitality to be satisfied with such smoke for a long time. Tired of his fantasy possession, he tried to actually seize the illusion. ――Which one should you start with? All illusions seemed equally important. He examined them over and over again. I threw it away and picked it up again. ...... No, I didn't pick up the original one anymore. It wasn't the same anymore. I couldn't catch it again. The illusion was constantly changing. While I was looking at it, it changed in front of my eyes on my hands. I had to hurry. Moreover, he couldn't do it in a hurry. I was troubled by the slowness of my work. I wanted to finish everything in one day, but I found it very difficult to do a little work. The worst thing is that I just started and I'm no longer happy. The illusion passed by, and he himself passed by. It was a pity that I couldn't do the other when I was doing one thing. After picking one fine subject, it seemed that I was no longer interested in that subject. Thus none of that treasure was useful to him. All his ideas were alive unless he touched them. If you catch it successfully, you're already dead. It resembled the pain of Tantals. There was fruit within reach, but when I picked it up, it turned into a stone. There was Shimizu near my lips, but when I bent over, I was far away.
He tried to moisturize his throat with his old work with the fountain that he had already obtained to heal his thirst. ...... I don't like drinks! As soon as he included a bite of it, he immediately spit it out while cursing. What the hell was this raw | warm water, this rough music was my own music? --He read back his composition. And I suddenly made it "Gaizen". Furthermore, it did not fall into the air. I didn't even know why I was motivated to write such a thing. He blushed. At one point, after reading one of the most childish pages, I looked back to see if there was anyone in the room, and then, like a shy child, went to the bed and put on a pillow. I even hid my face. At one point, my laughable work seemed so ridiculous that I forgot that it was my own.
"Oh, that's stupid!" He shouted, laughing and angry.
However, the most disgusting thing was the song that was intended to express passionate emotions such as the suffering and joy of love. He jumped onto a chair, as if he had been bitten by a mosquito. He struck the table with his fist and struck his head with a scream of anger. Roughly swearing at himself, calling himself a pig, a shameless idiot, and swearing at himself for a while. In the end, he shouted and turned bright red and stood in front of the mirror. Then he grabbed the chin and said.
"Look, look, stupid, what a stupid face you have! Don't be afraid to lie, you're an unreliable man! Water, water!"
He stuck his face in the basin and kept it in the water until he was suffocating. Then he engorged his face, exposed his eyes, exhaled like a seal, and when he came out of the water, he wiped the water dripping on his body and went to the table in a hurry. I grabbed the cursed work and muttered it, tearing it fiercely.
"Hey, gangsters! ... Hey, this! ..."
And finally I stroked my chest.
The reason why those works made him particularly angry was that it was false. I didn't really feel anything. It was all about reciting phrases and rhetorical devices for elementary school students. He was talking about romance, as if a blind man was talking about color. While repeating the childish theory of fashion, he spoke by listening. And not just romance, but all the passion was used in the subject of the proclamation. --Still, he always tried to be true. But it's not enough to just want the truth. It must be true. And how do you get the truth before you know your life at all? The one that opened up the fiction of those works to him was the one that suddenly pierced a ditch between him and his past, which was the experience of the last six months. He had escaped from the illusion. He now possessed a measure of reality that could be used to judge the authenticity of all his thoughts.
He felt aversion to the old songs that were made without passion, and as a result, he wouldn't write anything other than the exaggerated habits of the examples that forced him to write. I decided. He stopped his quest for ideas and vowed to abandon the music forever, unless the fever of creation fell like Raiden.
He swore himself because he knew well that thunder was coming.
Lightning falls when you want it again where you want it. However, there is a high peak that can pull the whistle. A place-a soul-is a nest of thunder. It creates thunder, or calls thunder from all sides of the horizon. And, like one month of the year, an age of life is saturated with so much electricity that thunderstorms occur there-if not voluntarily-. At least when you expect it.
The whole body was nervous. Thunder is prepared for days and days. Burning cumulonimbus clouds hang in the white sky. There is no wind. It looks like the stagnant air is fermenting and boiling. The earth is silent as a stunned "Bozen". The brain is roaring with heat. All nature is waiting for the explosion of accumulated power, being swung up heavily, and waiting for the blow of the iron mallet, which is about to be knocked down on the iron 碪 "Kanashiki" of the black cloud. A gruesome hot big shadow passes by. A hot breeze blows. The nerves of the whole body tremble like leaves. --Then, the silence falls again. The sky still brews Raiden.
Among the expectations, there was one joyful agony. While being suppressed by anxiety, one feels the fire that burns the universe flowing in his bloodline. Brewing | Like the fruit of grapes in a barrel, a satiating soul boiled in a crucible. The innumerable sprouts of life and death afflict the soul. What will happen? The soul, like a mother-in-law, turned her eyes to herself, closed her mouth, noticed the war in the womb, and listened to it. And when you think, "What will come from me?", Expectations can be wasted. The thunder screams disappear without bursting. People are heavy-headed, uncomfortable, tired, reluctant, and return to me. But it's just been extended. Thunder will come soon. If not today, it will be tomorrow. The longer it stretches, the more intense it will be ...
It happened now! The point is that it springs from every depth of the body. The clouds, which became a dense group of blue-black, were struck by the madly fluttering electricity, surrounding the horizon of the soul, and storming the breathtaking sky with twin wings. While striking hard and extinguishing the sunlight, the eyes are dazzling and heavy. Rough time! ...... The fierce natural element escapes from the basket that was trapped from the "law" that secures the balance of the mind and the existence of things, and takes a huge miscellaneous form, the world of consciousness. Dominate the dark night of. People feel the end of agony. I don't want to live anymore. The only thing that is desirable is the death of liberation, which is only the end ...
And suddenly, a lightning flashes!
Christoph was screaming for joy.
Joy, agitation, the sun that illuminates everything that exists, the sublime joy of creation! There is no joy in other things than creating. Nothing else lives more than the people who create it. All others have nothing to do with life and are just shadows on the ground. Every joy of life is the joy of creation, love, talent, and deeds! It is a flame of power rising from only one furnace. Some people who don't have seats around the great Kamado-ambitious, selfish, vacant Yuto children, etc.-warm themselves in the reflection of their color. Try to.
In the physical or spiritual world, creating is to escape from the prison of the body, the * [# "wind urine + flame", 4th level 2-92-35] wind of life. To jump into the "Hyofu" and to become a "person who exists." To create, it is to kill death.
A futile existence that is buried lonely on the ground while just looking at my dry body and the dark night in me so that no flame of life will be emitted forever. The person is actually unhappy. A soul that never feels the fertile weight of life and love, like a spring tree with flowers, is unfortunate in reality. Even though the world builds up honor and happiness on top of it, it bears the corpse.
When Christoph was struck by the light of one | flash, one electric discharge was transmitted to the whole body. He quivered. It was like finding land in the ocean, in the dark at night. Or it was as if I had hit two deep eyes as I passed through the crowd. Such a phenomenon often occurred after the time of mourning when the mind was writhing in the emptiness. But it also often happened at the moment of thinking about other things, talking to people or walking down the street. When I was on the street, I couldn't show the joy so violently in public. But when I was at home, I wasn't restrained anymore. He stepped on. He played the battle cry "Rappa" of the battle cry "Kachidoki". My mother got used to it and finally became aware of its meaning. She often told Christoph that it was like a hen that had just laid eggs.
He was infiltrated with musical ideas. The idea was sometimes in the form of an independent, complete phrase, but many were in the form of a large nebula that encloses the entire work. The main course of the song is that the sculptural clarity of the dazzling phrase that emerges from the shadows can be seen by itself through the cover that is covered with sculptures in places. Was there. It was just one flash. Occasionally, many flashes occurred one after another, and each flash illuminated each corner of the dark night. But usually, that whimsical power, once suddenly appearing, disappears into my mysterious hideout, leaving behind a shining tail, and appears for a few days. There wasn't.
The joy of such inspiration was so fierce that Christoph gave up everything else. Experienced artists know that inspiration is rare, and that intuition is something that must be reasoned to complete a work of intuition. He puts his idea on a squeezed tree and drops even the last drop of the squeezed juice it contains. -(Sometimes he doesn't even break the white water.)-But Christoph was still very young and very confident, so he despised such a method. I had an impossible fantasy that I wouldn't make anything unless it was completely spontaneous. If he hadn't closed his eyes and was happy with himself, he would have easily acknowledged the ridiculousness of his intentions. Of course, he was in a period of internal fulfillment at that time, and there was no gap in which the void could infiltrate. For him everything was a testament to his inexhaustible abundance. Everything you see, everything you hear, everything you encounter in your daily life, with one eye and one word, has brought about a harvest of illusions in your soul. Countless stars were flowing in the endless heavens of his thought. ――However, even at that time, there was a moment when everything disappeared at once. And even though the dark nights didn't last long, and there was little chance of suffering the silence of the soul, there was no secret fear of its agnostic power. That power went away when he visited him, and disappeared when he came back. How long is this time? Will it come back again? ――He dismissed such thoughts from his arrogance, and said himself. "This power is me. I will not exist anymore on the day when this power is gone. I will commit suicide."-He couldn't stop trembling. But that was also a pleasure.
However, even though I wasn't worried about the fountain for the time being, Christoph already knew that the fountain wasn't enough to feed the entire work. Ideas have usually always emerged as the fabric. I had to work hard to separate it from the host rock. Also, the idea always appeared without any contact while standing up. In order to get them to contact each other, we had to train into a new one by adding one element of careful reason and calm will. Christoph was so artistic that he didn't do it. But I didn't want to endorse that. I was forcibly convinced that I would copy the inner model as it was. But in fact, it had to be changed a bit to make it easier to read. --No, on top of that, I even distorted the meaning. No matter how fiercely the musical idea struck, it was often impossible to understand its meaning. The idea suddenly emerged from the depths of "existence" and far beyond the consciousness. And in that pure "power" that goes beyond the ordinary scale, even consciousness cannot recognize any human emotions that one should define and classify things that are relevant to oneself. It was. All the joys and sorrows were in one passion. Moreover, the passion was beyond reason, so it was hard to understand. Still, with or without understanding, reason wanted to give that power a name, and to connect it to one of the logical organizations that one would steadily build in the nest of his brain. ..
So Christoph was convinced that the dark power that disturbed his mind had a certain meaning, and that the meaning was in harmony with his will-he wanted to be convinced. .. The free instinct that emerged from the deep unconscious world was inevitably communicated under a clear idea that had nothing to do with it, and under the yoke of reason. Thus, such a work was nothing more than a forcible parallel of the great subject of Christoph's spirit and the crude power of a completely different meaning that he did not know.
Driven by the contradictory forces of each other, he can't depict, but with proud joy, the boiled and powerful life that he feels incoherently incoherently. While throwing, I bowed my head and proceeded to groping.
Aware of his new power, he was able to look straight at what he was told to respect what was around him, and what he respected without complaint for the first time. -And he immediately criticized it with arrogant freedom. The mask was torn. He saw German falsehood.
Every ethnic group and every art has its own fiction. The world nourishes itself with trivial truths and many falsehoods. The human psyche is frail and incompatible with the pure | innocent truth. The religion, morality, politics, poet, artist, etc. must all submit the truth in false garments. Those falsehoods are in harmony with the spirit of each nation. It depends on each ethnic group. This makes it extremely difficult for each people to understand each other, and makes mutual contempt extremely easy. The truth is the same throughout each people. But each people has their own falsehood and calls it their ideal. Each of them breathes it from life to death. That is a condition of life for him. Only a few geniuses get to escape from it after many times the crisis of men's isolation in the free heavens and earths of their thoughts.
A trivial opportunity suddenly revealed to Christoph the falsehood of German art. He didn't notice this falsehood until then, not because he hadn't witnessed it in front of him. No, he was too close to it and didn't have the right distance. But now that I'm away from the mountain, I can see it.
He was attending a concert at the Municipal Conservatory. It was a hall with eleven, two rows of tea tables-a few hundred. There was a stage in the back, and the string orchestra was waiting there. Around Christophe, the officers in long dark coats! Shaved, red, serious, profane, big-faced guys, and the ladies who show their exaggerated habits and chat with each other. , Good daughters who smile with their teeth completely exposed, and then sneak into the beard and glasses, resembling a good spider with round eyes. The big men. They stood up from their chairs every time they raised a cup to celebrate their health. I did that with religious respect. At that moment, their faces and tones changed. It seemed that he was chanting at the mass, offering liquor "Tenshu", drinking the Holy Grail, and mixing majesty and humorous "Kokkei". The music was counteracted between the discourse and the plate sound. Even so, everyone was trying to talk quietly and eat secretly. The head of the music is a big old man with a bent back, with a white sword leaning on his chin like a tail, a long nose that turned back, and wearing glasses. It was like a linguist. --Christoph has been accustomed to seeing all those typological figures for a long time. However, on that day, I tended to look at them as cartoons. In that way, there are often days when a person's bizarre point suddenly comes to his eyes for no reason, even though he doesn't usually notice it.
The overtures of Egmont [# "Egmont"], Waltz's circular dance "Waltz", Tan Hoisel's Roman pilgrimage [# "Tan Hoisel's Roman pilgrimage"], Nikolai's cheerful wife Includes an overture to [# "emphasis mark on" Cheerful wife "], a religious march on Atari [#" emphasis mark on "atari"], and a fantasy song "Fantasia" called "#" Egmont ". It was. The orchestrator played Beethoven's overture in a meticulous manner, and then played the circular dance "Waltz" fiercely. While the pilgrimage to Tan Hoisel [# "Emphasis mark on the pilgrimage to Tan Hoisel"] was being played, I heard the sound of unplugging the liquor bottle. The big man sitting at the table next to Christoph made a forstaff gesture while taking the section of the cheerful wife [# "cheerful wife" as an emphasis mark]. A few older women with red arms, big torso, and obesity, wearing sky blue robes, wearing white bands, and wearing gold pince-nez on their noses, were Schumann and Brahms. I sang the song "Lead" with a solid voice. She lifted her eyebrows, used her sideways eyes, blinked, shook her head from side to side, had a big frozen smile on her moon-like face, and in her. Without the brilliant and rigorous honesty, I would sometimes make an exaggerated gesture that would make me remember. As the mother of the family, she played an ardent daughter, youth and passion. Thus, Schumann's poetry has somehow taken on the unpleasant scent of a nursery school. The audience was delighted. --However, when the "Southern German Men's Chorus" appeared, the attention of the audience became solemn. They whispered and screamed in sequence various sentimental choruses. With 40 people, it was like singing with four people. It was as if he was trying to remove all the original choral features from the chorus. It aimed at a fine melodic effect, a shy, tear-like, fine mood, and a breathless, weakest tone, with a sudden loud voice like hitting a big drum. It was a lack of abundance and equilibrium, and it was a sweet and sloppy style. It reminded me of Bottom's words.
――Please give me the role of a lion. Like a female pigeon that feeds chicks, I gently bark. I bark as if it were a warbler.
Christoph was gradually taken aback while listening from the beginning. That wasn't unusual for him at all. He knew those concerts, orchestras, and the audience. But now, all of them seemed to be lies, all up to the ones they liked the most, up to the overture of Egmont [# "emphasis mark on Egmont"]. The majestic turmoil and accurate turmoil offended him as if he were now lacking in integrity. Of course, he heard not Beethoven or Schumann, but the humorous performers, the audience who followed the cormorant, and their rich idiots. Schumann stood around the work like a heavy cloud. ――But that being said, there were some uneasy things that Christoph had never felt in his works, and even in the finest works. ――What on earth is that? He couldn't dare to analyze and consider it, considering the disrespect of discussing his beloved landlord. But no matter how hard I looked, it caught my eye. And I kept staring at it. Like the pizza Vergonyoza [# "Emphasis mark on" Vergonyoza "], I peeked through my fingers.
He saw naked German art. Everyone-the great and the fool-was showing off his soul with a kind of sentimental indignation. It was full of excitement, dripping noble morality, and wholeheartedly expressing emotions. The terrifying Germanic sluice gate was cut and released. Its sensibilities diminished the energy of the strong and drowned the weak under gray water. It was a flood. German thought lay at the bottom. What's more, the Mendelssohn, Brahms, and Schumann ideas, and, in turn, the ideas of a group of tiny authors of exaggerated tearful songs! All were made of sand. There was no rock. It was a damp and dubious pottery ... All of them were so crappy and childish that it was unbelievable to Christoph that the whole audience wouldn't be surprised at it. However, when I looked around, all I could see was a safe look. All they were listening to were beautiful songs, and they had assumed in advance that they should be happy. How could they criticize themselves? They offered the respect of Mankou to the names of those sacred landlords. What happened to them that they didn't respect? The program, the drink cup, and myself were all reluctant. He seemed to give the honorific title of "His Excellency" in his head to anything that was relevant to him, whether near or far.
Christoph instead thought about the audience and the work. The work reflected the audience, and the audience reflected the work, as if it were a sphere of decoration in the garden. Christoph frowned, feeling like laughing. Still, I was patient. But when a group of "Southern Germans" appeared and sang the embarrassing confession of a young girl who fell in love [# aside from "confession"], I couldn't stand it anymore. He laughed. There was a scolding of resentment. The people next door looked at him in amazement. Seeing those resentful good faces made him happy. He laughed more and more, laughed, and laughed with tears. People got angry at it. "Get out!" Cried people. He stood up, shook his back to the roaring laughter, and went out with his shoulders fluttering. The departure caused resentment of the people. That was the beginning of the hostility between Christoph and the city.
After the experience on the right, when Christoph returned home, he read back the works of the "sacred" musicians. And he admitted that some of the musicians he loved most were lying, and he was surprised. At first I tried to doubt it and thought it was my misunderstanding. ――But it was no good. ... He was amazed at the amount of mediocre and falsehoods that make up the artistic treasures of the great people. How few pages could be judged!
Since then, he had no choice but to be shocked by his concerns when reading other works he admired. ...... Calling "Oh", he seemed to be fooled by something. I was just as dissatisfied with everything. For a certain musician, I had a feeling of having an intestine. It was like losing my beloved friend. It was like realizing that I had been deceived by a trusted friend for several years. He cried it. I couldn't sleep at night anymore. I was constantly suffering. I blamed myself. Did I no longer be able to make a decision? Did you become a fool at all? No, the beauty of a sunny day caught my eye much better than usual. The wonderful abundance of life was felt much better than usual. His heart did not deceive him at all.
For a long time, he dared not touch the finest people, the purest people, the saints among the saints, and such musicians. I was afraid that my faith in them would be hurt. However, how can we resist the instinct without the provisional borrowing of a sincere soul who wants to see the truth of things, even if he rushes to the end and suffers? --So he finally opened a sacred work. The last reserve corps, Konoe "Konoe" soldier ... was brought out. And at first glance, they weren't as innocent as the other works. He didn't have the courage to keep reading. From time to time, I stopped reading and closed the book. He threw a cloak at his father's naked body, like Noah's son Musuko ....
Eventually, he was confused in those ruins. Rather than losing the sacred illusion, I was willing to lose one of my arms. It was the sadness of death in my heart. But there was so much vibrancy in him that his confidence in art was not upset by it. With the youth's single-minded pride, he began his life again, as if no one had lived before him. He felt intoxicated with his new power that there was almost no exception between the passion of life and the expression of art for it-perhaps for no reason. But. But when he expressed his passion, it was a mistake to think that he had done better and more truthfully. He was still filled with those passions, so it was easy to find them in what he wrote. But no one but him would have been able to recognize them under the imperfect vocabulary Igo he used. The same was true for many of the artists he accused. They all expressed deep emotions. But the secret of the words they used was that they died with them.
Christoph was not a psychologist at all. I wasn't bothered by those reasons. What was destroyed to me was to be destroyed forever. He inspected his criticisms of the past with his confident and intense injustice in his youth. He stripped even the most noble souls naked and ruthlessly scooped out their humorous points. In Mendelssohn, there were abundant melancholy, pretentious illusions, and empty thoughts. Weber has glasswork, gold, dry mind, and a head-only emotion. The list is a noble elder, a troupe, a neoclassical scenter, a mixture of real noble and false noble, a clear ideal and an unpleasant veteran. Mixing. Schubert was crouching under his sensibilities, as if he were on the bottom of a colorless, transparent thousands of meters. In addition, the ancient heroes, the demigods, the prophets, the elders of the church, all were criticized by Christophe. Even the great Sebastian-Sebastian Bach-, who has embraced the past and future over the centuries, is completely free from falsehoods, secular folly, and the humor I couldn't say that. This person who saw God also often had an uninteresting and sweet religion in Christoph's eyes, and a hypocritical, stale style. In the symphony "Cantata", there was a tune of "Shosui", a resentment between love and faith. -(The dialogue between the soul of the humorous state and Christ.)-Christoph was sick of it. I felt like I saw an angel with a cheek cheek that was walking in the dance. Also, he felt that this genius musician was always writing in a closed room. There was a feeling of imprisonment. Perhaps inferior as a musician, but good as a human being-much more human-there is a strong stream of air in the music of the outside world, as in other people, such as Beethoven and Handel. Did not exist in. Also, it was the lack of freedom that offended him among the classical writers. Almost everything in their work was "assembled". Alternatively, there was an emotion that was exaggerated in a mediocre musical rhetoric, or there was a decorative design with a simple rhythm that was repeatedly kneaded and blended in every way in a mechanical way. .. Their contrasting and humorous structure-the sonata and the symphony-infuriated Christoph, who was not very sensitive to beauty such as vast and elaborate design and neatness at the time. It seemed to him more like a plasterer's job than a musician's job.
He was also strict with respect to the Romantic writers. Curiously, the musicians who claimed to be the most free, the most spontaneous, and the least architectural-a drop of their entire life in a myriad of small songs, such as Schumann. Nothing was more annoying to him than the people who poured it in one by one. I was even more indignant because I found in them all the subtle souls and all the childishness that I vowed to escape from myself. Of course, sincere Schumann could not have been fictionalized. Almost everything he said was just what he really felt. But what Christoph came to understand, just by Schumann's example, was that the worst illusions of German art came from the artists wanting to express emotions that they didn't realize at all, rather than because they wanted to express them. It happened because he wanted to express the feelings he felt-the feelings of lies he felt [# aside from "feelings of lies"]. Music is a mirror without a temporary borrowing of the soul. The more candid and credible a German musician, the more and more he shows the weaknesses of the German soul: an unstable root, a lithe sensibility, a lack of candidness, a little. ｜ Cunning idealism, the inability to look at oneself and dare to look straight at oneself. This false idealism was the key point of the greatest people-for example, Wagner. Christoph bruxed his teeth as he read back the work. Lohengrin [# aside from "Lohengrin"] seemed to be a false work to be cursed. Its vulgar chivalry, hypocritical swearing, praising and praising you, the incarnation of a ruthless virtue that loves you, the hero who knows no fear but no humanity, that He hated it. He knows too much about such a German hypocrisy, who worships his vestiges and doesn't care about his sacredness at the expense of others. I had seen it in reality. The wandering Dutchman [# aside from the wandering Dutchman] overwhelmed his heart with his heavy sentiment and gloomy fatigue. The savage and decadent character of the Tetralogy [# "Emphasis Mark"] was unbearably crude in love. Siegmund, who robs his sister, sang a guest-style fantasy song "Romance" with a tenor. Brynhildr, a Gigue fleet in the twilight of the gods [# aside from the twilight of the gods], is the passion of a flirty couple in the eyes of each other, especially in the eyes of the public, as a fine German couple. Was actively shown. In those works, all kinds of falsehoods were gathered, such as the idealism of lies, the Christianity of lies, the goticism of lies, the legendary taste of lies, the divine taste of lies, and the humanity of lies. .. Nothing was as huge as the play, which was supposed to overturn all the invasions. My eyes, mind, and heart couldn't be deceived by it for a moment. Unless he was willing to be deceived, he could not have been deceived. --However, people's eyes, spirits, and hearts wanted to be deceived. Germany enjoyed the old-fashioned and childish art, and the art with the unleashed brute and the pretentious little girl.
And Christoph himself couldn't do anything. As soon as he heard that kind of music, he was, like others, more prominent than others, caught in the rapids of sound and the devilish will of the author to deliver it. He laughed, quivered, and shook his cheeks. I felt an army of horsemen passing through me. I thought that everything was forgiven to those who had such a storm. When he finds the same fierce impression as before, without obscuring the innocence of what he loved, in a sacred work that can only be swayed while trembling. Would have made a cry of joy! It was an honorable remnant that he saved from the wreck. What a match! I felt like I had rescued a part of myself. And in fact, wasn't it himself? Wasn't those German greats he blamed infuriately for his blood, his flesh, his most precious being? He was so strict with them because he was strict with himself. Did anyone love them more than he did? Schubert's warmth, Haydn's innocence, Mozart's affection, Beethoven's brave and great heart, did you feel it better than him? The Great of Johann Sebastian, in the battle of the Weber Forest, or in the gray sky to the north, by the stone giant and the large tower of the pious apex, far away from the German plains. ｜ Is there anyone in the big shadow of the Garan who hides with more pious feelings than he does? --However, he also suffered from their falsehood. I couldn't forget it. And they attributed their falsehoods to the people and their greatness to themselves. He was wrong. Both great and weak points belong to the same ethnic group. The powerful chaos of this nation becomes a taiga of music and poetry, and it turns into a reverse winding, and all Europe comes to drink the river water. -In fact, could he find in any other people the candid innocence that is now blaming the people for so sharply?
He didn't notice them at all. With the ungrateful heart of a crappy child, he pointed the weapon he received from his mother to his mother. Later, only later, he must feel for the first time, how much he owe to his mother, how precious his mother is to him ...
But he was now in a blind reaction to his childhood idols. He hated those idols and resented them for what he was absorbed in and worshiped. -And it was good that he was. In a certain age of life, you have to dare to be fraudulent. We must smear all the praises and all the respects that have been injected, and dare to deny everything-denying falsehoods and truths, and everything that we do not admit to be true. Young people are healthy because their education inhales into them a very large amount of falsehood and folly, which is confused with the main truths of life by what they see and hear. The first task of a young man who wants people is to spit out everything.
Christoph was in danger of this strong disgust. He instinctively discharged indigestible substances that blocked himself.
First of all, there was a sensation that made me feel uncomfortable, dripping from the German soul, like from a damp moldy basement. Light, light! Rough dry air! Would you like to wipe out the poisonousness of Numazawa and the white odor of the many songs "Lead" and small songs like raindrops, which are inexhaustibly filled with the Germanic soul "Gemute"? Those things were innumerable. Desire [# "emphasis mark"], nostalgia [# "emphasis mark"], jump [# "emphasis mark"], wish [# "emphasis mark"], what if [# "what if" Emphasis mark]? On the moon [# "emphasis mark on the moon"], on the star [# on the "star"], on the 鶯 [# on the "emphasis mark"], in the spring [# on the "spring"], on the sun To the light [# to the "sunlight"], to the spring song [# to the "spring song"], to the spring pleasure [# to the "spring pleasure"], to the spring bow [# to the "spring bow"], Spring Journey [# Emphasis Mark on "Spring Journey"], Spring Night [# Emphasis Mark on "Spring Night"], Spring Emphasis Mark [# Emphasis Mark on "Spring Emphasis Mark"], Voice of Love [# Emphasis Mark on "Voice of Love"], Words of love [# aside from "words of love"], sadness of love [# aside from "sadness of love"], spirit of love [# aside from "spirit of love"], abundance of love [# "of love" Emphasis mark on "Plump"], Emphasis mark on flower song [# Emphasis mark on "Flower song"], Emphasis mark on flower sentence [# Emphasis mark on "Flower sentence"], Emphasis mark on "Flower no Uta"] Pain [# "emphasis mark"], I'm heavy [# "I'm heart weight"], I'm disturbed [# "I'm disturbed"], I'm cloudy [# Emphasis mark on "I'm cloudy"], or a ridiculous dialogue with a small | rose, a stream, a dragonfly, a swallow, or an innocent dialogue, or , The following strange question-if the wild rose is not stabbed [# "if the wild rose is not stabbed" is an emphasis mark],-if the old good man and swallow make a nest [# "If the good old man and swallow build a nest"], or if swallow is engaged these days [# if swallow is engaged these days]. ――All of them, sloppy affection, sloppy emotions, sloppy melancholy, sloppy poetry, etc. How many beautiful things have been profane, and how many noble emotions have been worn out for no reason! The worst thing was that all of them were wasted. It was a habit of opening up one's heart to the public, and a boring habit of being noisy and trying to vomit. I was always speaking, even though I had nothing to say. Will that talk never stop? -Why don't you shut up the swamp frogs?
It was during the expression of love that Christoph felt even more false. Because he was able to compare it to the facts even better on this issue. There was no match between the desires of a man and the heart of a woman in the cause of a tearful and meticulous love song. But the people who wrote it must have fallen in love at least once in a lifetime. Did they fall in love like that? No, no. They lied, lied as usual, and lied to themselves. They wanted to idealize themselves. Idealizing means being afraid to look straight at life and having to see things as they are. --Everywhere, the same timidity, the same deficiency of masculine candidness. Everywhere, in patriotism, in drinking, in religion, the same chilly intoxication, the same solemnity with a fluffy play. All the songs of drinking were anthropomorphic methods for sake and cups, saying, "Thou [#" thou "is an emphasis mark], and" finally "ki cup [#" cup yo "is an emphasis mark] ...". Faith was something that should have sprung out of the soul like a sudden wave, but it became a product and a product. The patriotic song was made for a moderately ringing, obedient flock of sheep ... ――Why don't you get angry? ...... Why do you keep telling lies ... Do you keep idealizing [# "idealization" as an emphasis] -in euphoria, in murder, in madness! ......
Christoph finally hated idealism. I still preferred the sloppy violence to such falsehoods. -At its core, he was an idealist more than anyone, and those violent realists who he preferred were supposed to be his most abominable enemies.
He was dazzled by his passion. I felt like I was frozen because of the fog, because of the falsehood of anemia, and because of the "sunless ghost idea." I was squeezing my strength and looking at the sun. The young and up-and-coming contempt for what he called hypocrisy, or what he called hypocrisy, was too much for the practical wisdom of the nation to be seen. This nation gradually established its grand idealism in order to control or utilize its barbaric instinct. It is neither a discretionary reason, norms of morals and religions, nor legislators and politicians, nor pastors and philosophers who transform the souls of the nation and give it new qualities. It is the product of centuries of misery | tribulation, during which the people who want to live are trained for life.
During that time, Christoph was composing. And his work was not immune from its shortcomings, which he blames others. For, for him, creation was an unavoidable desire, which did not obey the rules submitted by reason. One does not create by reason. It is driven by the inevitable power to create. --Next, simply admitting the falsehoods and exaggerations inherent in many emotions does not prevent us from falling into them again. It requires a long and difficult effort. Despite the heavy legacy of the lazy customs of the era, it is the most difficult to be truly true in modern society. It's especially easy for people and people with unscrupulous illnesses to keep their hearts talking, even though many keep silence is the best bet. Not.
In this regard, Christoph's heart was extremely German. He did not yet know the virtue of silence. Besides, it wasn't suitable for his age. He inherited from his father the desire to speak, and the desire to speak noisily. He was aware of it and was fighting it. However, part of his power was paralyzed in this conflict. --He was also in conflict with the inheritance he inherited from his grandfather. It was also a reluctant heredity, and it was extremely difficult to express oneself accurately. --He was a skilled child. I felt the dangerous charm of the skill. --Physical pleasures, ingenuity and lightness, muscular activity pleasures, and the pleasures of conquering and dazzling and dominating thousands of audiences with your own body. It is an almost innocent pleasure that should be extremely reverent for young people, but deadly for art and the soul. --Christoph knew the pleasure. I had it in my blood. He despised it, but he was defeated by it.
Thus, he was pulled by each other from the instinct of the people and the instinct of the genius, and was squeezed by the burden of the parasitic past that could not be shaken off by being bitten by his relatives, and he proceeded while stumbling. And he was unexpectedly close to what he had excluded. All his work at the time was a mixture of truth and exaggeration, with agile vitality and ridiculous folly. It was only occasionally that his personality could break through the outer cover of the deceased's personality, which restrained his movement.
He was the only one. There was no guide to help him out of the mud. He was more and more depressed when he thought he was out of the mud. While wasting time and power on unlucky poetry, he searched for it. Licked any experience. And in the midst of such creative turmoil, he didn't know which of all he created was the most valuable. He was at a loss in a symphonic poem with philosophical claims and bizarre guesses in a lawless plan. But his spirit was too honest to deal with it for a long time. And before drafting even a part of it, he threw it away with the feeling of disgust. Alternatively, I thought about translating the most difficult poetry work into the introduction. Then I got lost in a world that was not my territory. I also tried to make a play line myself-(he didn't suspicious of anything) -it was ridiculous. Also, when attacking big works such as Goethe, Christ, Hebbel, and Shakespeare, he completely distorted it. It wasn't lacking in intelligence, but it lacked a critical spirit. He still couldn't understand others. I was too fascinated by myself. Everywhere he found himself, with his candid and exaggerated soul.
In addition to those suspicious things that had no way to live, he wrote many small works. A direct expression of the occasional emotions-the most permanent of all, the musical impression, the song "Lead". In this case, as well, he was enthusiastic about the customs of the world. Taking up a famous poem that has already been dealt with in music, he was trying to arrogantly try a more true way of handling it, which is different from Schumann and Schubert. Alternatively, he sought to give Goethe's poetic figures, such as the lyre hand Mignon in Wilhelm Meister [# "Wilhelm Meister" an emphasis mark], a simple and turbid personality. Or, the weakness of the author and the tastelessness of the audience were intimately matched, and I ran into a kind of love song that was always wrapped in a sweet sentiment. Then he stripped off the garment and infused it with a crude and sensual bitterness. In a nutshell, the German toys "Gangu", who want to bring their passions and people to life for themselves, gather at the Beer Inn Mugishite every Sunday and seek cheap impressions. I didn't try to keep them alive in order to become.
However, he usually thought the poets were too literary. He preferred to search for the simplest original text, the original text of the old song "Reed", which he had read in the lesson book, and the original text of the old spiritual song. But he was careful not to keep his hymn nature alive. Treated in a boldly popular and lively way. Other things he picked up were various watermarks, sometimes the words he heard passing by, fragments of Ichii's conversation, and children's thoughts-usually my tsutana. It was a prose phrase, but a pure emotion was seen in it. When it came to that, he easily pulled it off. And I had reached a kind of depth that I didn't notice.
There were good and bad in his work, and usually there were more bad ones than good ones, but overall, it was full of life. Still, it wasn't all new, it wasn't a new place. Christoph was often rather mediocre because of his integrity. I often repeated the formats that were already in use. Because it was an accurate manifestation of his ideas, and he felt that way, not differently. He didn't ask for anything original. It seemed to him that it was because he was mediocre that he was inconsistent with the original tale. He tried to say what he felt and didn't care at all whether it had already been said or not. And he also arrogantly believed that it was the best way to be creative, and that Jean Christophe existed only once in the past and in the future. With the wonderful reluctance of youth, I thought that nothing was completed yet. Everything seemed like something that should be made-or remade. The feeling of internal fulfillment, the feeling of having infinite life ahead, has plunged him into a state of excessive, somewhat unscrupulous happiness. Unbearable joy. It didn't have to seek joy and was able to adapt to sadness. Its source was in the mother power of all happiness and virtues. To live, to live too! ... A person who does not feel the euphoria of this power, the joy of living, in himself-even at the bottom of misery-is not an artist. That is the touchstone. True greatness is recognized in the power to rejoice in pain and comfort. Mendelssohn and Brahms, the gods of light rain and the fog of October, never knew such a noble power.
Christoph owned that power. And he showed his joy with unreserved frankness. It wasn't malicious at all. He only wanted to share it with others. But for the vast majority of people who didn't have that joy, he didn't realize that it was a touch of tantrum. What's more, he was willing to like others or not. He was convinced of himself. It seemed impossible to convey what I believed to others. He compared his abundance to the general poverty of so-called music makers. And I thought it would be extremely easy to get people to recognize their excellence. It was too easy. All I had to do was show myself.
He showed himself.
People were waiting.
Christoph didn't hide his feelings. Ever since I realized the falsehood of Germany, which doesn't want to see things as they are, I haven't considered any reputation for works and writers, and for all things, I have to take absolute and constant sincerity. It was one of the rules. And I had to be extremely reluctant to do anything, so I resented the world when I said something exorbitant. He was extremely straightforward. As if he didn't want to keep a great discovery of worthlessness in his heart, he was happy to give his thoughts on German art to anyone. And I never imagined that it would cause dissatisfaction with the other party. When I admitted the stupidity of the well-established work, I was filled with it, and I hurriedly told anyone, whether an expert or an amateur, about it. He made the most violent criticism with his face shining. At first people didn't take it seriously. He laughed at his whims. Eventually, however, he noticed that he was relentlessly relentless and repeated too often. It became clear that he believed in those discourses. I couldn't laugh at it as much as I used to. He was a blasphemy. During the performance, he showed a noisy ridicule, or expressed his contempt for the honored musicians.
Everything was transmitted throughout the small town. No word of him was dropped. People already hated him about what he did the previous year. I didn't forget the shameless way of showing off with Ada openly. He himself didn't remember anymore. The days went out, and now he is very far from his former one. But others remembered it for him. All the mistakes, all the flaws, all the ugly and unpleasant and unpleasant events about our neighbors are all written in detail so that they don't disappear, and it's their social duty. It exists in a small city. Christoph's new and radical deeds were put on the books in his name, alongside the old deeds. Both collated with each other. In addition to the grudge that was hurt by morality, the grudge that was injured with a good hobby was added. The most generous people said of him:
"I want to imitate something strange on purpose."
However, the majority affirmed.
"I'm a madman."
Even more dangerous rumors-rumors that are effective just because they came out of the noble place-have begun to spread. It was as follows. ...... Christoph continued to visit the court for public affairs, but he also showed his bad taste there, and he was close to the Grand Duke, and he should be rude about the respected musicians. I played with the words. Mendelssohn's area [# "emphasis mark"] was called "the prayer of the deceptive shaven" Bouzu "", and Schumann's kind of song "Lead" was regarded as "the music of the little girl". And that's when you were told that you liked those works! The Grand Duke was coldly told to get rid of the rude words.
"When I hear what you say, I'm still suspected of being German."
This revenge-like word that had fallen from such a high place could not help rolling down to a very low place. Anyone who thinks Christoph has a seed of regret for him, either because of his success, or even more personally, without saying that he is not really a pure German. There wasn't. The paternal house-as one remembers-was from Flanders. Since then, it has come as no surprise that this migrant slanders national honor. The facts on the right explained everything. And Germanic self-esteem found the reason for more and more respect for himself and for his enemies.
For that spiritual revenge, Christoph provided more and more good material from himself. There is nothing more reckless than criticizing others when you are about to be criticized by Masa. A more skillful artist would have shown more respect to his enemies. But Christoph didn't admit any reason to hide his contempt for the mediocre and the happiness of believing in his power. And he showed his feelings of happiness too violently. Recently, he was driven by the desire to show off his chest. It was a great pleasure to taste by myself. If I didn't share the joy with others, my chest could be torn. But I don't have any friends, so I chose Siegmund Ox, a colleague of orchestration and the second conductor, as a person to confide in. A young man born in Ultemberg, with good roots but cunning, he showed a great deal of respect to Christophe. Christoph was not suspicious of this man. If you were skeptical, how could you think it would be inconvenient to reveal your joy to others in red and even to your enemies? Shouldn't they rather thank him for it? He was trying to convey joy to everyone, not an ally or an enemy. -He didn't know at all that it was the most difficult to get them to accept new happiness. They would rather favor the old misfortune. They need food that has been chewed repeatedly for centuries. But what is particularly unbearable for them is the idea that their happiness can be obtained thanks to others. They only allow the insult when it is unavoidable. And I will try to return it.
Therefore, there were many reasons why Christoph's confession was not so welcomed by anyone. But there was one more reason why he wasn't happy to be welcomed by Siegmund Ox. Tobias Pfeiffel, the first conductor, was to retire soon. And Christoph, despite being young, had the luck to attack afterwards. Ox admitted that he was a very good German and was in that position because of Christoph's court confidence. But he had the pride to believe that if his value was better known to the court, he would be better off. So every morning, when Christoph came to the theater with a stern look, trying to pull him in, he greeted the confession with a strange smile.
"How is it," he said cunningly, "Have you made any new masterpiece?"
Christoph caught his arm.
"Oh, you, this one is the best ... I want to ask you! ... No, it's too fine. God help those who hear it, and after hearing it, my heart All that remains is the idea of ​​wanting to die! "
The person listening to those words was not deaf. Christoph would have laughed first if he felt that humorous thing, but Ox didn't smile at him and ridiculed his childish emotions intimately. Ironically, he seemed to be ecstatic. He flattered Christoph and even said other exorbitant things. And when he broke up with Christoph, he exaggerated it even more and hurriedly sold it to the people. A small group of musicians ridiculed it again. And everyone was waiting for the opportunity to judge the poor work-which had been completely judged in advance.
The work finally appeared.
Christoph chose Hebbel's overture to Hebbel's Emphasis Mark [# "Emphasis Mark"] from many of his works. The reaction to the lethargy of the Germans was fascinated by the barbaric energy. (He felt that Hebbel was always eager to have the vestiges of a genius, so he was already beginning to feel uncomfortable with the work on the right.) A symphony "Symphony" with Barr's Becklin-style exaggerated title "#" Life is short "and a side point" and "#" Life is short "with an emphasis mark] is added. .. The program included his song "Reed" by Ichi | Ren, several classical "classical" works, and one Ox celebration march. Christoph felt that Ox was mediocre, but he added one of his works to his concert because of his colleague Yoshimi.
During the lesson, I didn't even touch it. The orchestra didn't understand those works they were playing at all, and each one was secretly upset by the bizarre new music, but still had a chance to give some opinion. There was no free time. In particular, they couldn't make their own opinions until the public gave their opinions. What's more, Christoph's confident tone, like any good orchestra in Germany, has completely intimidated those trained and obedient musicians. However, the difficulty came from the female singer. She was a new woman belonging to the Municipal Concert. He was a very popular singer in Germany. The mother of the family, she sang the roles of Brynhildr and Kuntry in Dresden and Bayreuth with an indisputable abundance of voice. However, she emphasizes the vowels of the Wagner faction, which is a technique that the faction is naturally good at, that is, the consonants are thrown into the space and rubbed with a club toward the audience who can hear them with their mouths open. Even though I had learned the technique of pronouncing finely, I had not learned the technique of natural consonant-not surprisingly. And she gave each word a word. Every word was emphasized. The spelling went on with lead soles, and each phrase contained a tragedy. Christoph asked her to save some of her dramatic abilities. She tried it quite happily at the beginning. However, he was defeated by his innate dullness and desire to speak out. Christoph was frustrated. He cautioned the respectable lady that she was trying to make a living human speak, not the devil funnel with a loudspeaker. She took the disrespect-as anyone imagined-terribly bad. She said, thankfully she knows what it means to sing, and once she was honored to sing the song "Lead" in front of Brahms, the master heard it. I didn't get tired of it at all.
"That's why you can't do it, you can't do it!" Exclaimed Christoph.
She asked with a magnificent smile to explain the meaning of the mysterious cry. He replied, Brahms didn't know anything about nature for a lifetime, so the compliment would be the worst criticism, and he-Christoph-was her. As he just admitted, sometimes it's very disrespectful, but I never say anything as disgusting to her as Brahms' compliment.
The discussion continued in that way. She stubbornly sang in her own way with overwhelming sorrow. -Finally, one day Christoph-coldly said that he knew well. As long as her innateness is, it cannot be corrected. However, these songs "Lead" should not be sung at all if they are not sung in the correct way, and they are just pulled out of the program. --It was the day before the performance. Those songs "Lead" were expected. She was rumored about it herself. She was a very good musician and was able to appreciate some of its strengths. Christoph's method was a shame for her. But she wasn't sure that the next day's concert would never raise the fame of the young man, so she didn't want to tie up the up-and-coming star, Katto. It suddenly broke out. And during the last lesson, he quietly obeyed Christoph's request. But she was determined to sing as she wanted-at the next day's performance.
It was the day. Christoph wasn't worried at all. I couldn't criticize it because I was so overwhelmed with my music. I thought that some parts might make people laugh. But what is it! If you don't risk laughing, you can't write great things. In order to suffocate the bottom of things, we must dare to look down on the world, etiquette, refrain, and social vanities that choke people's hearts. If you want to be good at the opposite of anyone's mind, you will be satisfied by giving them only the mediocre truths that they can assimilate throughout their lives. Good. You should stay here in your life. But only when we step on that consideration will we become great. Christoph went beyond that. It could have been just badly spoken by people. He was confident that he would not make people indifferent. When I opened some pages that were a little reckless, he was amused by what he would look like when he got acquainted. He expected a bitter criticism. I was thinking about it and smiling. In short, if you're not deaf, you can't deny that your work is full of power-it doesn't matter if it's lovable or not, it's power anyway. ...... Lovely things, lovable things! ...... Just power, that's enough. Power, carry everything away like the Rhine! ......
He met the first 蹉 跌 《Satetsu》. The Grand Duke couldn't come. The guest seats were just attendants, and were occupied by a few ladies. Christoph felt resentment. He thought. "The Grand Duke's idiot is complaining to me. I don't know what to think of my work. I'm afraid to make mistakes." I acted as if I didn't care about it. But others paid close attention to it. The absence of the Grand Duke was the first show to him and a threat to his future.
The public did not show much more zeal than the Grand Duke, the master. One-third of the audience seats were open. Christoph had to bitterly figure out that his children's concert was always full. Had he been more experienced, he would have taken it for granted that the audience would be less crowded when making fine music than when making boring music. It is the musicians, not the music, that interest the majority of the public. It's quite clear that musicians who are already adults and do the same thing as everyone else are less interested than musicians of little boys who are touched by the sentimentality of people and please their curiosity. ..
Christoph decided to finally start the performance after waiting vainly for the audience to be occupied. Then I tried to prove myself that "at least a good friend" is better. --But his optimism didn't last long.
The song unfolded in silence. -There is also the silence of the audience, which makes you feel that you are full of love and overflowing at any moment. But now there was nothing in this silence. There was none. It was a complete sleep. Each | I felt that the phrase "Gakku" was sinking into the apathy of indifference. Christoph turned his back to the audience and was attentive to the orchestra, but he still had a kind of antennae in his heart to sense everything that was happening in the audience. This antennae is familiar to all true musicians and gives them an idea of ​​whether what they are playing finds a reverberation in the hearts of those around them. Christoph was excited by himself, waving his baton while freezing in the mist of fatigue that arose from the box behind him.
The overture is finally over. The audience applauded. I applauded politely and coldly, and then calmed down. Christoph would rather prefer to be cursed. ...... Even with just one whistle! Something lively sign, at least a sign of opposition to the work! ... but there was nothing. --He looked at the audience. The audience was worth each other. They were searching for opinions in each other's eyes. But they couldn't find it and returned to indifference.
Music has begun again. This time it was in the order of the symphony "Symphony". --Christoph found it difficult to continue to the end. Many times he wanted to abandon his baton and run away. I was drawn into the insensitivity of the audience, and finally I couldn't understand what I was conducting, and I clearly felt the feeling of falling into a bottomless fatigue. He didn't even whisper the ridicule he expected in a passage. The audience was indulging in the program "Program". Christoph heard the sound of the show's pages flipping through at one point. And again, I was lonely. When the last chord was reached, the same polite applause as before occurred, finally showing that they understood that the song was over. ――Still, when the other cheers stopped, three or four isolated applause occurred. However, it didn't get any response, and it calmed down in a bad way. Therefore, the emptiness has been felt even more empty. And this little event vaguely realized how bored the audience was.
Christoph was sitting in the middle of the orchestra. I didn't have the energy to look right and left. I wanted to start crying. In addition, he was trembling with the feeling of anger. I wanted to get up and shout to everyone. "I don't like you guys, I'm dying! ... Go out, everyone! ..."
The audience was a little awake. They were waiting for the female singer-accustomed to cheering her. In the new ocean, where she wandered without a lashinbang, she was a solid land for them, knowing a sure and no-risk guide. Christoph saw their thoughts and gave a bitter smile. The singer also felt that the audience was waiting for him. When Christoph went to inform her that it was her turn, she saw it in her magnificent manner. The two faced each other, including hostility. Christoph, without lending her arms, put her hands in her pockets and put her on the stage alone. She was indignant and went ahead. He looked bored and followed afterwards. As soon as she appeared on the stage, the audience cheered and greeted. It was a consolation for them. His face shined, he was cheered up all at once, and his binoculars were brought to his cheeks. She was convinced of her power and, of course, sang the song "Lead" in her own way, not paying any attention to the attention given by Christoph the day before. Christoph, who was accompaniment, became straight. He expected the conflict. As soon as she sang differently, she struck on the piano and said with anger.
"Wrong!"
She kept singing. He cast a low anger on his back.
"No! No! No! ... No! ..."
The violent rebuke, which the audience can't hear, but the orchestra can hear without omission, makes her stubborn, but still stubborn, slows down too much, and pauses and extension notes. I used Fermata a lot. He didn't care about it and went on. In the end, the two were separated by a single beat. The audience was unaware of it. It has long been generally accepted that Christoph's music is neither pleasant nor accurate. However, Christoph, who did not agree, had a frowning face as if he was possessed by something. And finally it burst. He stopped the bullet in the middle of the phrase.
"There are many more!" He shouted to his heart.
She was struck by the momentum, continued for half a bar, and stopped singing.
"A lot!" He chilled out.
The audience was temporarily ｜ suddenly 《Bozen》. Eventually he said in a ruthless tone.
"Start over!"
She was taken aback and looked at him. Both hands were trembling. I wanted to throw a score at his face. Later on she didn't even know why she didn't do it. But Christoph's majesty was overwhelming her. -She started over. He sang the entire series of songs "Lead" without changing one expression or one speed. Because he felt he wouldn't rent anything. And I was fighting, thinking that I might be insulted again.
When she finished singing, the audience enthusiastically called back. It wasn't the song "Lead" that they cheered on-(even if she sang other songs, they would have cheered as well) -the famous veteran Was a singer. They knew she was safe to admire. Besides, I also intended to compensate for the result of the insult. I vaguely realized that the singer made a mistake. But Christoph thought it was a shameless job to expose it to everyone. They tried to repeat those songs. However, Christoph resolutely closed the piano.
She didn't notice the new rudeness. I was so confused that I didn't want to sing again. I hurried out of the stage and withdrew into my room. There, for about fifteen minutes, he spit out the grudge and anger that had accumulated in his heart. Nerve attacks, floods of tears, indignant abusiveness, curse against Christophe ... A scream of rage was heard through the closed door. Friends who were able to enter the room flirted with Christoph's behaviour, as he came out of it. The story was immediately passed on to the audience. So when Christoph went up to the podium for the last song, the audience was screaming. But the song wasn't his. It was an Ox celebration march. The audience, who was easily impressed by the flat music, took the simplest way to blame Christoph, without doing anything boldly whistling. They praised Ox's work in a big way and called the author a couple of times. Ox always appeared every time. And that was the end of this concert.
As the reader often guesses, the Grand Duke and the people of the court-the talkative and boring little city people of this countryside-have the trivial points of the event on the right. I didn't even hear it. Newspapers on the side of the female singer did not mention the incident, but all the brushes praised her skill, and the song she sang, Reed, was just listed as a press. It was just. For Christoph's other works, no newspapers made much difference, with only a few lines of criticism. "... Knowledge of counterpoint. A confusing technique. Lack of inspiration". No melody. A work of the head, not a work of the mind. Lack of sincerity. Intention to be original ... Next, the originality of those people, such as the musicians who are already buried underground, Mozal, Beethoven, Leve, Schubert, Brahms, etc. There was a section about the originality of. --Then, then, as a natural order, he preached that Conradin Kreuzell's Granada [# "Emphasis mark"] re-enactment [# "Emphasis mark"] will be re-performed at the Grand Duchy Theater. It was. It has been reported for a long time that "the beautiful music that is so fresh and splendid that it seems to have just been written down".
In short, Christoph's work is not understood at all by the critics who like it-it receives insidious hostility from the critics who don't like him at all-in the end, the critics of his side. He suffered silence from most of the public, who was neither mentored by enemy critics. The public thinks nothing when it is left to their own thoughts.
Christoph was disappointed.
His failure, however, did not come as a surprise. There were three reasons why his work wasn't pleasing to people. The work was not yet mature enough. It was too new to be immediately understood. Also, it was extremely fun for people to discipline the arrogant young man. --But Christoph wasn't calm enough to take his failure for granted. A true artist gains peace of mind by experiencing the long incomprehension of the world and their healing folly, but Christoph lacks it. It was. The candid trust in the audience and the trust in success that we, of course, would have had without any fuss have collapsed. I thought it was of course having an enemy. But what made him stunned was that he no longer had one ally. Neither the people he relied on, nor the people who seemed to be interested in his music until now, have given him a word of encouragement since the concert. He tried to find in their hearts. But they hid in vague words. He stuck and wanted to know their true thoughts. Then some | seriously speaking people brought his previous work, an early stupid work, to him. --Then he heard many times that the new work was blamed in the name of the old work. -And it was from people who blamed his old work, which was new at the time, a few years ago. That's normal in the world. But Christoph disagreed with it. He yelled. It doesn't matter if you don't love it. He approved it. On the contrary, I was happy. I didn't want to be friends with everyone. But being pretended to love, and not being allowed to grow, was too much to be forced to remain a child for the rest of your life! A good work for 12 years old is no longer a good work for 20 years old. And he didn't want to stagnate. It changed and I always wanted to change. ...... Fools who want a stagnation of life! ... The interest he finds in his childhood work is not in his childish immaturity, but in the power he has stored for the future. And they wanted to destroy this future! ... No, they never understood who he was. I never loved him. All they loved was what he had in common with his vulgar, mediocre folks, who were truly himself [# an emphasis on "his own"]. It wasn't. Their friendship "Yugi" was just one misunderstanding ...
He probably exaggerated this misunderstanding. An example of such a misunderstanding is often the naive people who can't love a new work, but who truly love it after 20 years. For their frail heads, new life is too fragrant. The scent must be blown out by the wind of thyme. The works of art can only be seen by them after they are buried in the dirt of the years.
But Christoph admits that when he is present [# "emphasis mark"], he is not understood by others, and when he is past [# "emphasis mark" in the past], he is understood by others. I couldn't. Rather, I wanted to think that in any case, it would never be understood by humans. And he was indignant. I tried to make myself understand, explain, and discuss even humorously. Of course it didn't help. It would have had to remodel the hobbies of the times. But he didn't suspect a fox at all. I was unavoidably determined to clean up my German hobby. But it was impossible for him. No one could convince anyone in a conversation that barely sought out words and confessed their opinions about the great musicians or the person in question with extreme violence. I could only make more and more enemies. All he had to do was slowly cultivate his thoughts and then let the public listen to them ...
And just in good luck, luck-bad luck-came to him and brought him that strategy.
Christoph met with the orchestrator's musicians, and at the table of the theater restaurant, he expressed his artistic opinion without worrying about offending everyone. They didn't all agree, but they were all offended by his arrogant words. The old Viola Clause was a good person, a fine musician, and loved Christophe from the bottom of his heart, so I wanted to change the topic. He coughed constantly, or when he took the opportunity, he said puns. But Christoph didn't hear it. He continued to talk more and more. Clause pondered.
"Why do you want to say that? That's what! Anyone might think of that, but it's not something to say!"
It's quite strange, he was also thinking about "that kind of thing", at least he had a little idea. And Christoph's words aroused many doubts in him. But he didn't have the courage to admit it himself-half because of fears of a dangerous breach, half because of humility and lack of confidence.
The horn waigle was a man who really didn't want to know anything. Everyone, whatever, good or bad, star or gas lamp, just wanted to praise. Everything was on the same plane. His praise was a little different depending on the thing. He just praised, praised, praised. For him it was a desire to live. When that desire was restricted, he felt suffering.
Cello Kuu was even more annoyed. He really liked bad music. Everything Christoph was ridiculing and swearing at was invaluable to him. What he especially liked was, of course, the most intriguing work. His soul was a collection of tearful and fluffy emotions. To be sure, he was not disguised as a falsity in his inspiring worship of a non-similar landlord. What he deceived himself-and innocently-was in his belief that he was praising the true landlord. There are "Brahms" people who believe that they can find the breath of past geniuses in their gods. They love Beethoven in Brahms. However, Kuu was even worse. He loved Brahms in Beethoven.
However, it was Fagot's Spitz who was most indignant at Christoph's delusion. He was even more seriously hurt by his innate submissive spirit than his musical instincts. One Roman emperor wanted to die while standing, but Spitz wanted to lie down on his belly and die, as he normally did. The hunger was his innate appearance. Everything was bureaucratic, well-established, "made up", and joyful at the feet of those things. And when I was disturbed by imitating my servant, I was sick of forgetting myself.
Therefore, Kuu mourned, Weigle made a desperate gesture, Clause said he was irresistible, and Spitz screamed. But as a self-reliant, Christoph spoke even louder and expressed terrible opinions about Germany and the Germans.
A young man was laughing and listening to it at the table next door. Curly black hair, beautiful eyes that look like lips, a thick nose, and the nose is close to the tip, and I can't decide whether to go to the right or left, both left and right at the same time rather than going straight. With his thick lips, his agile and variable face, he listened to everything Christoph said, watching his lips move, word for word. Show interesting and sympathetic attention to the words, forehead "hitai" and cheeks * [# "demand + page", 3rd level 1-94-6] "temple" and eye corner "mejiri", Or he shook his nose and cheeks with small wrinkles, smashed his temples and laughed, and sometimes suddenly became irresistible and shook his whole body. He didn't say anything, but he didn't miss a word. When Christoph was confused in a boast, spoiled by Spitz, was so angry that he was in a hurry, and he suddenly squeezed in, and eventually he found the words he needed--until he found a rock and crushed his enemies. He was particularly pleased. And when Christoph was so passionate that he jumped out of his thoughts and spit out a tremendous amount of cowardice, he became angry with his opponent. It was.
Finally, everyone got tired of feeling and affirming their own excellence, and found out about Tamoto. Christoph remained in the dining room until the end, but when he tried to leave, he was struck by a young man who was so amused to hear his words. He hadn't seen the young man yet. The young man carefully took off his hat, smiled, and asked for permission to introduce himself.
"I'm Franz Mannheim."
He apologized for the rudeness he had heard from his side and celebrated Christoph's skill in crushing the opponents. And I was still laughing while thinking about it. Christoph was happy, but he still looked at the situation while suspicious of the fox.
"Are you sure?" He asked, "Isn't it hurt me?"
The other party swore to Shinmei. Christoph's face began to shine.
"Then you think I'm more reasonable. You have the same opinion as me, right?"
"Well, listen," Mannheim said, "To tell the truth, I'm not a musician, I don't know anything about music. The only music I like-isn't it flattering? Not-it's your music ... because I want to prove to you that I'm not a man with a bad taste ..."
"That's what," Christoph said happily but suspiciously, "it's not proof."
"It's tough .... OK ... I agree, that's not proof. So it's okay to criticize your theory of German musicians, but in any case, the general public. Germans, old Germans, and romantic idiots, your theory of them is true. I'm trying to praise us, immersing myself in tears, jar-like emotions, with sour thoughts. That old-fashioned phrase that repeats itself, always exists throughout the past and future [# aside from "always present through the past and future"], and should be tomorrow's rule because it is today's rule [# tomorrow because it is today's rule] Aside from "the rule of"], that eternal yesterday [# aside from "the eternal yesterday"] ……! "
He recites Schiller's famous passage.
[# Indent 3 characters from here]
...... Yesterday, forever
It's always there, and it's always coming around ...
[# End of indentation here]
"He's the first!" He said in the middle of the recitation.
"Who?" Asked Christoph.
"The old family who wrote this."
Christoph didn't understand. But Mannheim continued to say.
"First of all, in my opinion, every fifty years, we have to clean up art and thought, and we must not survive anything that existed before."
"That's a bit radical," Christoph said with a smile.
"No, not at all. Fifty years is too long. Well, thirty years is fine ... it's too long! ... That's good for hygiene. When they die, send them to another place to rot them carefully and put a stone on them so that they will never come back. I'll add flowers again, but it doesn't matter. I just want my ancestors to keep me at rest. I'll do it. Both are still living and dead. "
"Some dead live better than the living."
"No, no. It's closer to the truth to say that there are living people who die better than the dead."
"Or maybe. But anyway, some are old and still young."
"But if you're still young, we'll find it ourselves .... but I don't believe that. What was good once is never good again. Only change is good. Above all. The point is to get rid of the old man. There are too many old people in Germany. The old man should die! "
Christoph listened to those delusions with deep attention and had a hard time discussing them. He agreed with some of them and acknowledged some of the same ideas as himself. At the same time, I felt a certain confusion when I heard that it was extremely ridiculous. But he considered all others to be as serious as he was, so the one who now seems to be more educated and argues more easily is a theoretical conclusion that probably comes from principle. I thought it was saying. The arrogant Christoph was accused by many of him of being too arrogant, but in fact he had a naive humility and was better educated than himself. It was often deceived-especially when they didn't sniff their education and avoid difficult discussions. Mannheim was always amused by his paradox, going from blame to blame, and finally indulging himself in a ridiculous, ridiculous idiot, so he was serious about it. I rarely had him listen to me. But now I'm completely happy to see Christoph struggling to discuss or understand his sophistry. And while sneering, I thanked Christoph for his importance. He thought Christoph was a humorous and lovable man.
The two became very close and broke up. And three hours later, at the time of the performance of the play, from the small door "Tobira" that opened in the seat of the orchestra, Mannheim's * [# "mouth + joy", 3rd level 1-15-18] and so on "Kiki" Christoph was a little surprised to see a distorted face appearing and secretly signaling. After the audition, Christoph went to him. Mannheim grabbed his arm intimately.
"You have a little chance .... listen. I've come up with a little. Maybe you're stupid .... Actually, once the music Could you please write your opinion about the Sanbun musicians? To the four idiots of your companion who have only the ability to blow and hit a piece of wood, useless. It's better to talk to the public more widely than to spend words on it. "
"That's better! I want it! ... OK! But what do you write? You're kind, you! ..."
"This is what I want to ask you ... We and a few friends-Adalbert von Waldhaus, Rafael Goldenlink, Adolf Mai, Luzien Ehrenfeld ――These guys have one magazine. It's the only high-end magazine in the town, called Dionysus .... (You surely know.) …… We're all you And if you become the same person, it's really a match. Will you take charge of the criticism of the music? "
Christoph was afraid of such honor. He was dying to accept. However, I was afraid that it might be a role that was too much for me. He was not good at writing.
"Don't worry," Manheim said, "I can write fine, and I have all the rights to be a critic. Don't hesitate to the public. The public is even better. It's ridiculous. It's boring to be an artist. There's no point in whistling criticism from people, but critics say, "Take care of him!" You have the right to say. All the spectators leave the difficulty of thinking to the critics. Think about what you want. At least do what you think. It doesn't matter what kind of food it is, as long as you feed the birds, they will swallow anything. "
Christoph finally agreed, thanking him from the bottom of his heart. And, on the condition that it doesn't matter what you say.
"Of course, of course," Mannheim said. "Absolute freedom! We are all free."
Mannheim came to the theater three times after the play bounced that night, took him out, and introduced him to Adalbert von Waldhaus and other friends. They welcomed him around.
Except for the old aristocratic family of the land, Walthaus, they were all Jewish and all very wealthy. Mannheim was the son of a banker, Musuko, Golden Link was the son of a famous vineyard owner, Mai was the son of a metallurgical factory manager, and Ehrenfeld was the son of a jeweler. Their fathers belong to a diligent, strong, old Israeli lineage, obsessed with their ethnic spirit, made fortunes with intense energy, and enjoyed their fortunes more than their fortunes. Was there. However, the sons had the view that they were born to destroy what their fathers had built. He was ridiculing the prejudice of the family biography and the propensity to save ants. I was pretending to be an artist. He looked down on his fortune and threw it away. However, in reality, gold rarely leaked from the hand. No matter how stupid they were, they never lost their spiritual clarity and practical abilities at all. Moreover, the fathers oversaw it and pulled the reins. Mannheim, the most liberal of all, would have seriously wasted everything he had, but he never had anything. He was swearing at his father's greed, but in his heart he laughed at it and admitted that it was more reasonable. So, in short, almost one Walthouse, who was free to pay, was the only one who really took care to keep the magazine with his own money. The rest was a poet. Following Arnaud Holtz and Walt Whitman, he wrote the poem "Polymeter". A poem in which very long and short phrases alternate, with one-point, two-point, three-point, horizontal lines, rest marks, capital letters, italics, words with sidelines, etc. It was made to play a very important role, along with the alliteration-one word, one line, or all phrases. In addition, the languages ​​and sounds of all countries were inserted. He said he would use Cezanne's method in poetry. (No one knew why.) And to tell the truth, he had a fairly poetic soul that was very fond of the crude things. It was sentimental and calm, and childish and pretentious. The painstaking poem pretended to be daring and careless. He would have been a fine poet as an upstream person. But there are too many people of this kind in magazines and in the guest room. Moreover, he wanted to be the only person. I tried to behave like an adult who transcends the prejudice of class. He was even more prejudiced than anyone else. He didn't admit it himself. In my magazine, I was always happy to gather all the Jews around me to complain to my anti-Semitic relatives and prove my spiritual freedom. .. For them, they were pretending to be on an equal footing. But at the bottom of my heart, I usually gave them a calm and endless contempt. I didn't know they were happy to take advantage of his name and money. And at their disposal, they enjoyed the pleasure of looking down on them.
And they also despised that he was at their disposal. Because they knew well that he would benefit from it. Give to the giver. Waldhaus lent them his name and property. They lent him their talents, practical spirit and readers. They were even more angry than he was. That didn't mean they had more personality. No, probably less personality. However, as they are everywhere and whenever they go, even in this small city-because of their different ethnicity, they have been isolated for centuries and their ridiculous observing eyes have been sharpened. -The owner of the most advanced spirit, the owner of the spirit most sensitive to the humorous aspects of corroded institutions and dilapidated ideas. However, their personality was not as free as their intellect, so they often used them rather than reforming them, while sneering at their institutions and ideas. Despite their independence | literary beliefs, along with the gentleman Adalbert, they are small high collars in the countryside, and their wealthy and innocent sons, Musuko, with the intention of entertainment and distraction. I was doing literature. They were delighted to be arrogant by themselves, but only to some harmless people, or those who seemed to never be able to harm themselves, only to the good arrogance of human beings. There wasn't. I have no further intention to form a conflict with a society where we know that we will enter the other day and compromise with all the prejudices that we attacked in the past and live a normal life quietly. It was. And when it's finally time to sway the dagger-axe or the valve, and rush to the current idol-which has already begun to sway-whenever it's noisy on the way to the expedition. I was careful not to burn my ship. In case of danger, he boarded the ship again. And again, no matter what the outcome of the battle-once the battle was over, there was a long enough time before the battle began again. The enemy Philistin was able to sleep quietly. What the new Davids were looking for was to convince their enemies that they could be terrifying if they wanted to. -But they didn't want to be. They preferred to befriend the artists and have a midnight snack with the actresses.
Christoph was not selfish when he joined the group. Their stories were often about women and horses. Moreover, he spoke in a brave manner. They were terribly formal. Adalbert expressed his opinion with a gentle and gentle voice, with an elegant politeness that bores himself and makes people bored. The editor-in-chief, Adolf Mai, is a heavy, fat man with his head buried between his shoulders and a rough look, always trying to make his point. He made a decision on everything, never listened to people's answers, seemed to despise the other party's opinion, and still seemed to despise the other party. The art critic Golden Link has a habit of nervously shaking his facial muscles, and he must have constantly blinked his eyes in the shadow of his big glasses, imitating the painters he was dating. No, but he stretched his hair long, silently smoked, muttered fragmentary words that he would never say to the end, and made an ambiguous gesture in the space with his thumb. Ehrenfeld is petite, bald, smiles, bears a brown-colored beard, has a dull, delicate look, and is a magazine. He had a "key" nose and wrote trendy articles and public news in magazines. He spoke a very blatant voice with a sweet voice. He was talented, but he was also a nasty and often inferior. --All of these wealthy youths were, of course, anarchists. It is the highest luxury to deny society when you own everything. Because, in this way, we are spared what we owe to society. It's the same as saying to the passerby after the thief has palpaed the passerby, "What are you still doing here! Go! There is no use for you anymore."
Christoph was the only one in the group who liked Mannheim. To be sure, this man was the most lively of the five. I was amused by what I said and what others said. Stuttering, rushing, mumbling, sneering, saying incoherent things, I couldn't follow the logic, and I couldn't get to know my thoughts correctly. But he was a good young man who was not malicious to anyone and had no shadow of ambition. To tell the truth, I wasn't very straightforward, I was always playing. But it was also innocent and did no harm to anyone. He was angry at all the bizarre-usually rough-every fantasy. It was too elaborate and ridiculous to believe it completely. And even when he was angry, he knew how to stay calm. Applying my principles never fell into a dangerous breach. But he needed a sign. For him, it was a toy, "Gangu," and he changed it many times. Today, he had a sign saying kindness. Of course, he wasn't satisfied with his kindness. I wanted to pretend to be kind. He preached kindness and played kindly. From a repulsive spirit towards the ruthless and rigorous activity of the householders, and against the solemnism, militarism, and profaneness of Germany, he became a Tolstoy, a moralist, and a gospel. Becoming a believer in Fukuin, becoming a believer in Buddhism-and I wasn't sure about it-willingly forgive all sins, especially forgiving lewd sins, and hiding any love for them. Moreover, it is a graceful and easy-to-live morality that is graceful and easy to live, which is not tolerated by virtues. However, he was an apostle of morality, a morality that rejoices himself in the halo of sacredness. There was a small hypocrisy there. The hypocrisy wasn't very good for a keen sense of smell, and if taken seriously, it should have been really disgusting. However, he didn't want to be taken seriously, and he was enjoying himself. And this liberal Christianity was waiting to give up its position to another sign as soon as there was an opportunity-no matter what, violence, imperialism, "laughing lion". 》 ”And so on. --Mannheim was playing the farce, sincerely playing the farce. Before he became a Jewish favourite like the others, he had all the talents peculiar to his nation and carried on his shoulders to replace his feelings. He was a very funny man, and he was the most ridiculous man.
Christoph was one of Mannheim's signs for some time. Mannheim was just talking about him. I heard his name everywhere and walked. I praised him and asked the people in the house. According to that word, Christoph is a genius, an extraordinary man, makes strange music, talks about strange music, and is full of talent-and a good boy. He had a clean mouth and nice teeth. He also added that he was impressed by Christophe. ――Finally one night, I brought Christoph home and gave him a treat. Christoph faced off with his new friend's father, banker Rotal Mannheim, and Franz's sister, Udit.
It was the first time he had entered a Jewish home. The Jewish companions were quite numerous in the small city, and although they occupied an important position due to their wealth, unity and intelligence, they lived a little apart from others. There was always a relentless prejudice against the Jews and a naive but unjustified hostility in the people. So was the feelings of the Christoph family. His grandfather did not like Jews. But the irony of fate was that the two best of his musical disciples-(one was a composer and one was a renowned virtuoso) -were Jews. And this good grandfather was in trouble. Because I sometimes wanted to embrace the two fine musicians. Then I sadly remembered that the Jews crucified God. And he didn't know how to reconcile that incompatible emotion. But in the end, he hugged them. He tended to believe that God would forgive them because they loved music so much. --Christoph's father, Melchior, was not so worried about taking money from the Jews, as he had appointed himself as a free-thinker. I even thought it was pretty good. But he was swearing and despising the Jews. --Christoph's mother didn't think she did something wrong when she was hired by a Jewish home as a cook. Moreover, the people who hired her were quite arrogant to her. Yet she was full of pity for those unfortunate people who had not resented them, resented anyone, and had been punished by God for eternity. I was deeply moved when I saw the daughter of the house passing by or heard the joyful laughter of the children.
"Such a beautiful girl! ... Such beautiful children! ... What an unhappiness! ..." she thought.
When Christoph told him that he was going to the Mannheim family in the evening and would be a treat, she couldn't tell him anything. But it hurt me a little. In her view, don't completely believe in the bad words of people against Jews-(the people in the world say bad things about anyone) -although there are fine people everywhere, but nonetheless. The Jews were Jews and the Christians were Christians, and it was even better and better not to cross the threshold.
Christoph had no such prejudice. He was rather fascinated by the foreign race because of his constant repulsion. But he knew little about the people. He had some negotiations only with the most vulgar component of the Jewish people. That is, small merchants, low-ranking people wandering down the alley between the Rhine and the convention hall, all building a kind of small Jewish town with the instinct of a flock of sheep in every human being. It continued. Christoph often roamed the area, passing by women of various types with unusual and fairly sympathetic eyes. They have dented cheeks, protruding lips and cheekbones, with a Da Vinci-style yet somewhat lowly smile, and their crude speech and intense laughter are in harmony with the gentle caged face. Unfortunately, he always broke. But even in the dregs of the lower class, among those who have big heads, glassy eyes, many animal faces, and are obese and chunky. Even in those descendants that have fallen from the most noble people, and even in the stinky sludge, the mysterious phosphorus that shines like a demon fire dancing on a swamp. You can see the mysterious eyes, the brilliant intelligence, and the minute electricity emitted from the mud on the bottom of the water. And it made Christoph dazzled and anxious. He thought that there was a great soul struggling to get out of humiliation. And he wanted to meet them and help them. He loved them, unfamiliar and a little afraid. But once, he had never made friends with any of them. In particular, the opportunity to interact with selected Jewish companions has never arrived.
So for him, the Mannheim family supper "Bansan" had a novel charm and a forbidden fruit charm. It was even more delicious because of the Eve that gave it the fruit. From the moment Christoph went there, he was fascinated by Udit Mannheim. She was of a different kind than any woman he knew by that time. Despite its strong skeleton, it has a slightly thin and slender figure, but not many, but it has black hair that is bundled low as a bunch, a face that is bordered by it, and a cover. Teruho * [# "Demand + Page", Level 3 1-94-6] "Temple" and golden forehead "Hitai", some myopia, thick eyelids "eyelids", lightly rounded eyes , A fairly thick nose with an open nose, a slender cheek, a heavy temple, a fairly dark luster, and a beautiful profile that she is energetic and flat. I was doing. Looking at the front "decent", the expression was a little vague, indefinite and complicated. The eyes and face were not good. Among her, I could feel the vestiges of a strong ethnic group. And I felt that innumerable imbalanced elements, which were extremely beautiful or extremely vulgar, were thrown into the mold of this people in a cluttered manner. Her beauty was especially in her mouth and eyes. The mouth was silent and the eyes looked deeper due to myopia and more shadowy due to the bluish rim.
To be able to read the true soul of the woman in front of her through the moist, ardent veil of her eyes, Christoph is still not sufficiently accustomed to her eyes, which belong to more ethnic groups than individuals. It was. What he found in his burning and gloomy eyes was the soul of the Israelites. Without knowing his eyes, he had the soul of the Israelites in himself. He got lost in it. It wasn't long before he was able to find a way to the sea to the east, after he lost his way many times in such a Hitomi.
She was looking at him. Nothing could disturb the clarity of that line of sight. Nothing seemed to escape from the Christian soul. He felt it. Under the fascination of his feminine eyes, he felt a clear, calm and heroic power that pierced his mind with a kind of unreserved violence. There was no malice in the violence. She was holding him in her hand. It wasn't the way of a follower who just tried to seduce regardless of the other party. Speaking of follow-up, she was more follow-up than anyone else. But she knew her power. It was up to my natural instincts to use that power-especially when dealing with easy prey like Christophe. -What made her even more interested was knowing her enemies. (Every man, every stranger, was an enemy to her-in some cases, an enemy who could later conclude an alliance agreement.) Life is a game, a vengeance. The one who is "Reiri" occupies the victory. In short, I had to look at the enemy's card without showing my card. When she succeeded, she enjoyed the pleasure of victory. It didn't matter if you would benefit from it. It was a game for comfort. She was very fond of intelligence. But if you care about it, even if you have a solid brain to succeed in any scholarship, and if you can be a better successor to the banker Rotar Mannheim than your brother, it's abstract. I didn't like the intelligence. She preferred living intelligence to the intelligence that could work for boys. Her pleasure was to gain insight into the human soul and to measure its value. -(She was as meticulous in this measurement as the Jewish woman in Matosis [# "Jewish woman") was measuring money.)-She was astonishingly insightful. I knew well that I could quickly find the gaps in the armor and the weaknesses of the soul's secrets by force, and grasp the secret. This was her way of conquering others. But she wasn't involved in the victory for a long time. I didn't try to get rid of my prey. Once satisfied with her curiosity and pride, she quickly lost interest and moved on to something else. All its power did not bring anything. Death dwelled in this raw soul. She had a genius of curiosity and fatigue within herself.
Thus she was looking at Christoph, who was looking at her. I hardly spoke. It was enough to see a faint smile in the corner of my mouth. Christoph has been put to sleep. When the smile disappeared, her face became calm and her eyes became indifferent. She paid attention to the waiter and spoke to her servant in a chilly tone. It was as if I hadn't heard anything anymore. Then my eyes were shining again. And the exact three or four words showed that she heard and understood everything.
She calmly checked her brother's criticism of Christophe. She knew Franz was a tale. Her ironic heart met the opportunity when she saw Christoph appear, whose brother had heard that she was beautiful and elegant. -(Franz seemed to have a special talent to see the opposite of the clear facts, or to believe in the opposition and enjoy the contradiction.)-However, still After studying Christophe often, she admitted that what Franz said wasn't just a lie. And as he progressed through his discovery, he found in Christophe a force that was still indefinitely imbalanced, but stubborn. She was pleased because she knew better than anyone about the rareness of power. She was able to make Christoph speak, open up his thoughts, and show himself the extent and shortcomings of his spirit. I also let him play the piano. She didn't like music, but she understood. And although Christoph's music did not arouse any kind of emotion, I took a look at its originality. And without changing any of his apathy, he gave a few simple and legitimate opinions that were never flattering, showing that she was interested in Christophe.
Christoph noticed it. And I became good at it. Because she felt how valuable such criticism was, and that she rarely praised it. He did not hide his desire to win her favor. And he did it innocently, so he smiled at the three masters. He spoke only to Udit, and only for Udit. I didn't deal with the other two at all, as if I didn't admit their existence.
Franz was watching him talking. He traced each word while moving his lips and eyes with admiration and exaggeration. And while looking at his father and especially his mockery, he was laughing out loud. However, the younger sister was calm and pretended to be unaware of her brother's look.
Rotar Manheim-a large, sturdy old man with a slight bend, a red complexion, gray hair with a crew cut, a very black mouth | beard and eyebrows, heavy but energetic A ridiculous, ridiculous, life-like look-he was also studying Christophe in a cunning and friendly manner. And he also immediately saw that there was "something" in this young man. But he wasn't interested in music or musicians. It wasn't his department. I didn't understand anything, and I didn't hide what I didn't understand. Rather, he was even proud of it. ―― (This kind of person confesses ignorance because of his pride.) ――And Christoph doesn't regret it even if the banker doesn't join him. The old Rotar was amused because he clearly showed that the conversation with Miss Udit Mannheim was enough for the night of the invitation in a non-malicious and rude manner. , I was sitting in a corner of the fireplace. Then, while reading the newspaper, he listened to Christoph's incomprehensible words and his bizarre music, with his ironic ears dimly listened to. I was wondering if there was someone who understood such music and felt joy, and I was given a secret laugh. I no longer took the effort to keep up with the meeting path. It was up to the daughter's intelligence to know the true value of the new customer. She played that role seriously.
When Christoph returned, Rotar asked Udit.
"Hey, it sounds like you're really screaming. What do you think of that musician?"
She laughed, thought a little, put it in one word, and said.
"There seems to be something missing, but it's not stupid."
"I see," Rotar said, "I thought so, so will I succeed?"
"You'll do it, I'm solid."
"That's fine," Rotar said with a fine theory of the strong, who only assists the strong. "Then I have to help."
Christoph returned with praise for Udit Mannheim. But he wasn't as fascinated as Udit thought he was. Both-she was equally misunderstood by her agility, and by his instinct as a substitute for intelligence. Christoph was confused by the mystery of her face and the intensity of her brain life. But I didn't love her. His eyes and reason were captured, but his heart was not. --why? -It seems quite difficult to explain it. Was it because she admitted something vague and anxious in her? But that would have been one reason for him to love more and more in other cases. Love becomes more and more intense when you feel that you are falling into a painful breach. -If Christoph didn't love Udit, it wasn't the sin of either of them. The real reason for not loving, though quite uninteresting for either of them, is that he hasn't been far enough from his recent romance. Experience did not make him intelligent. But he loved Ada so much that he wasted so much belief, power and illusion in his passion that he didn't have enough left for his new passion. He had to prepare another firewood in his heart before the other flames burned. First of all, until then, there was only a temporary fire that accidentally burned, and the afterflame of the fire, which just emitted the light of "Zanji" for a while, and then disappeared without fuel. Perhaps six months later he blindly loved Udit. But now he admits nothing more than a friend to her-although he was certainly a somewhat uneasy friend. --But he tried to get rid of that anxiety. The anxiety reminded him of Ada. It was an unattractive memory. He was attracted to Udit because she had something different from other women, not because she had something in common with other women. She was the first intelligent woman he met. She was intelligent from head to toe. Even her color-its gestures, movements, facial features, wrinkles on her lips, eyes, hands, and elegant thinning-was a reflection of all her reason. The body was shaped by reason. Without reason, she might look ugly. And this reason made Christoph's heart happy. He thought she was more free than she really was. I didn't know there was something unexpected in her. He felt an ardent desire to open up to her and share his thoughts with her. He has never found anyone who really listens to him. And now, what a joy to meet a girlfriend! The lack of sisters was one of the regrets of my childhood. He thought that having one sister would understand him much better than his brother. After meeting Udit, he felt that vain hope for his dear friendship revived. He didn't think about romance. Since I wasn't in love, romance seemed boring compared to friendship.
Udit soon felt the subtleties on the right. And I was offended by it. She didn't fall in love with Christoph, and she was crazy about the wealthy and upstream youth of the town, so it's probably a great deal to know that Christoph is in love with her. Would not have felt. However, knowing that he wasn't in love with him, he couldn't help but feel a little indignant. It was a bit humiliating to see that he could only have a rational influence. (The rational influence has a special value to the female soul.) Moreover, she did not really give even that rational influence. Christoph only created it with his own head. Udit had a devoted spirit. I was accustomed to voluntarily kneading the fairly flexible ideas of the young people I knew. And because he judged the young men to be mediocre, he did not find much joy in controlling them. However, he was even more interested in Christoph because he had many difficulties in controlling him. Indifferent to his aspirations, but to guide the new ideas to their messy powers and bring them to their worth-of course, in his own way, in the Christophe way she wouldn't even understand. It wasn't-it must have been fun for her to show value. But she immediately saw that it couldn't be done without struggle. She examined every idea in Christoph that seemed absurd and childish to all sorts of preconceived ideas. Those things were weeds. She tried to pull them out. However, I couldn't pull out any of them. She couldn't even get the least satisfaction of her self-esteem. Christoph couldn't help. He wasn't fascinated by her, so he had no reason to give up his thoughts for her.
She became relentless. And for a while he tried to conquer him. At that time, Christoph had a clear spirit, but he was about to become a captive again. People are easily deceived by their pride and desires. And because artists have more imagination than others, they are twice as likely to be deceived. Attracting Christoph into a dangerous relative was one of Udit's ways. The relative also sprained his spirit once, perhaps even more completely than last time. But as usual she quickly got bored. She found the conquest unworthy of labor. Christoph had already bored her. She no longer understood him.
She no longer understood him when she exceeded a certain limit. Within that limit, I understood everything. Her fine reason wasn't enough to understand more. I would have needed a heart. Or, if there was no heart, love would have been needed for something that would temporarily give that illusion. She often understood Christoph's critique of people and things. She found it interesting and quite true. I didn't have to give such an opinion. But what she did not understand was that those ideas could have some impact on his real life, even when their application was dangerous and disturbing. The rebellious attitude that Christoph had for all and for all had no effect. He would never have imagined that he would remodel the world. ...... Then? ...... Isn't he just hitting his head against the wall unnecessarily? Those with good intelligence criticize others, secretly ridicule others, and despise others to some extent. But he does the same thing as others, and he just does a little better. That's the only way to stand on top of your own. Thought is a world, and action is a separate world. Where do I need to be a sacrifice of thought? Thinking genuinely, that is of course. But what does it do to speak genuinely? Human beings are quite stupid, and just because they can't bear the truth, do they need to be strong in the truth? Isn't there a secret enjoyment of accepting their weaknesses, pretending to be obedient to them, and feeling my freedom in my heart, which despises others? It should be said that it is the enjoyment of a relentless slave. However, since there is no choice but to become a slave in the world, if you become the same slave, you should become a slave at your own will and avoid humorous and useless struggles. The worst of the slaves is to become a slave of your thoughts and devote everything to it. Don't be fooled by yourself. -She makes everyone an enemy if she sticks to a straightforward offensive path to the prejudice between German art and the German spirit, even in reality, as Christoph seems to have decided so. He clearly saw that he would turn and turn his guardians into enemies. He must have been defeated. She couldn't understand why he was so enthusiastic about himself that he preferred to imitate himself.
To understand him, she would also have to understand that success is not his purpose, but his purpose is his belief. He believes in art, believes in his art, believes in himself, and believes in it, not only for all interests, but for reality that is even better than his life. It was. When he was a little annoyed by her opinion and frankly intensified and said the right thing, she first shrugged. She didn't take his words seriously. And I thought there was a boasting word that I was used to hearing from my brother's mouth. Her brother sometimes declared a tremendous solemn decision, but was very careful not to carry it out. But then, when he saw that Christoph was really delusional about those words, she decided he was a madman and was no longer interested in him.
Since then she no longer tried to pretend to be what he seemed to like. I exposed myself as I am. And she was a German woman who didn't look like the first thing, and was probably much more German and mediocre than she thought she was. --Although they blame the Israelites, they do not belong to any nation, and even if they settle in various peoples, they are not affected by it at all, and they have a special identity. It is just unjustified to have the people formed across Europe. In fact, no other nation is as easily exposed to the traces of passing nations as the Israelites. There are many common personalities between the French Israelis and the German Israelis, but there are even more different personalities. It is due to their new homeland. They adopt the spiritual habits of their new homeland surprisingly quickly, in fact more than they do. However, customs are the second property of all human beings, but they are unique to the majority of human beings, and as a result, the majority of citizens indigenous to one country are deep. It must be said that it is extremely inconvenient to accuse the Israelites of lacking a legitimate national spirit at all.
Women are always more sensitive to external influences, and it is faster to adapt and change according to living conditions-although Israeli women live throughout Europe. Although it often adopts physical and spiritual trends in exaggeration-still, it does not lose its ethnic implications, its muddy, heavy and relentless flavor. Christoph was surprised at it. He was in the Mannheim family and met Udit's aunts, cousins ​​and friends. Some of their faces are so far away from Germany, with sharp eyes close to their noses, noses close to their mouths, tight facial features, and red blood under their thick brown skin. It was made to look like a German woman, but they were all strangely German women. It was just like talking and wearing a kimono, and sometimes it was too similar. Udit was better than anyone. And when compared to the other women, she saw a special point in her reason and an artificial point in her body. Still, she still had many of the shortcomings of other women. It was much more free mentally-almost absolutely free-but less socially. Or, at least, when it comes to social issues, her pragmatic ideas replace that free reason. She believed in the world, class, and prejudice because she eventually found her interests. No matter how much he mocked the German spirit, he was still obsessed with the German climate. Even if I felt the mediocrity of a well-known artist, I couldn't help but respect him. Because he was famous. And if he had a personal relationship with him, he would admire him. Because it was to please her vanity. She didn't like Brahms' work very much. And secretly, I suspected that he was a second-class writer. But his honor intimidated her. And since he had received five or six letters, he was clearly the greatest musician of the time for her. She had no doubts about Christoph's true value or about the folly of Lieutenant Detreff von Freischel. But more than Christoph's friendship, he was even more pleased with the follow-up that Flyshell did for her immense wealth. Because the stupid officer was also one of the first class different from me. And entering this class was even more difficult for German Jewish women than for other women. She wasn't fooled by stupid feudal ideas, but she often said that if she were to marry Lieutenant Detreff von Freischel, she would be given great honor over there. I knew it, but I was still trying to conquer him. She was humbled by herself, showing a gentle look to the idiot and flirting with her self-esteem. This Jewish woman, a banker in Mannheim, who is arrogant and can be arrogant for a variety of reasons, tends to look down on intelligent people. He wanted to do the same with any of the German elementary and middle school ladies who despised him.
The experience was short. Christoph lost the illusion almost as soon as he cast the illusion on Udit. It must be admitted that even Udit did not take any effort to sustain the illusion. When a woman with such a temperament judges the other person and separates from the other person, it is the same for her from that day even if the other person's man does not exist. She no longer sees the other person. And just as you can't help being naked in front of your dog or cat, you can't help making your soul naked in front of that opponent with a calm bravery. Christoph saw Udit's selfishness, his cold blood, and his mediocre personality. He had no chance of becoming a captive. Still, it was enough to afflict him and give him a kind of fever. He didn't love Udit, he loved her that it could be-it must be. Her beautiful eyes gave him an annoying illusion. He couldn't forget his eyes. Knowing the depressed soul that lies deep within it, he still stares at his eyes, as he wants to see, as he first saw. It was one of the hallucinations of love without love. Such hallucinations occupy a great position in the minds of the artists who are not completely absorbed in the work. One face passing by is enough to give them this hallucination. They see in the woman all the beauty in her that she does not know or care about. And they love it even more, knowing that she doesn't have that beauty in mind. They attach themselves to it, like a beautiful thing that is about to die without anyone knowing its value.
Probably Christoph was wrong. Udit Mannheim couldn't have been more than her real girlfriend. But Christoph was hoping for her for a while. And the charm continued. He couldn't judge her fairly. It seemed to him that all the beauty she had was her whole, as if it belonged only to her. He attributed all of her vulgarity to her dual Jewish and German people. And perhaps he had more of a grudge against the Germans than the Jews. Because I had to suffer more from the German people. The German spirit was a kind of scapegoat for him, as he did not yet know any other nation. He was guilty of all the sins of the world. The disappointment that Udit gave him was a reason for him to attack the German spirit more and more. He could not allow the German spirit to undermine the free momentum of such a fine soul.
That was the first encounter between the Israelites and him. He thought he could find an ally in his battle in this mighty nation, which was estranged from other nations. However, he lost that hope. This people is much weaker than we've heard, and is always enthusiastic about running him from extreme to extreme, being much more susceptible to external influences-too easy to stain. Due to the variability of intuition, I immediately assumed it. This nation is all about its original weaknesses and all the weaknesses of the world that have accumulated along the way. It wasn't here yet that Christoph could find a fulcrum for his artistic lever. No, he and this people were about to be buried in the sand of the desert.
He saw the danger and didn't feel confident enough to take it, so he suddenly stopped visiting the Mannheim family. I was invited many times, but refused without giving a reason. He was always eager to come by that time, so the sudden changes were noticeable. People attributed it to his "eccentric nature." But none of the three Mannheims doubted that Udit's beautiful eyes were related to it. And this became the seed of the ridicule between Rotar and Franz at the table. Udit fluttered his shoulders and said it would be a brilliant conquest. Then he coldly asked his brother, "Please make a joke." But she urged Christoph to come again. I wrote to him with the excuse to answer a musical question that no one could ask. And at the end of the letter, he quietly and implicitly smelled that he wasn't coming very often and that he was looking forward to seeing him. Christoph replied, answered questions, told him he was busy, and didn't show up. The two sometimes met in a play. Christoph relentlessly turned his eyes away from the Mannheim family's box. And he disguised himself as unaware of Udit, who was trying to show him the most glamorous smile. She didn't stick. And since he wasn't attached to him, he found it inconvenient to have this minor artist make a completely wasteful effort. He will come if he wants to come again. If you don't want to come-well, you don't have to come ...
It wasn't necessary for him to come. In fact, without him, the Mannheim family's evening party didn't have a big hole. However, Udit had a grudge against Christoph without a heart. When he was by her side, she took it for granted without worrying about him. And even if he showed that he was offended, he forgave him. But it seemed to her that the discomfort went on to break all relationships because of her ridiculous arrogance and her selfishness rather than her love. --Udit did not tolerate the shortcomings of others if they had the same shortcomings as himself.
Still, she watched over what Christoph did and what she wrote with even more attention. I didn't show it to him, but I liked to tell my brother about it. He told his brother about the conversation he spent all day with Christophe. In between the talks, with an ironic opinion, he mercilessly picked up one humorous point, and gradually subdued Franz's inspiration for Christophe. Franz didn't notice it.
For the first time, everything went well in the magazine. Christoph had not yet seen their mediocrity. And they acknowledged the genius because Christoph was a companion. Mannheim, who found him, had never read anything he wrote, but wherever he went, Christoph was a respectable critic, and he had misunderstood his vocation, but he himself. He repeatedly heard that Mannheim had shown him his true vocation. They foretold his writing in intriguing and bizarre words. And his first editorial was, in fact, like a stone that fell into the swamp of a duck in the lethargic atmosphere of this small town. It was titled Music Excess [# Emphasis Mark on "Music Excess"].
"Too much music, too much drink, too much food!" Christoph wrote. "People aren't hungry, they don't feel their throats, they don't feel the need, they just eat, drink, and listen from their greedy habits. That's the idiot of Strasbourg. It's a rehabilitation method. These people are suffering from phagocytosis. It doesn't matter what they are given. ] But Beethoven, Mascarni, Strasbourg, Strasbourg, Adam, Bach, Puccini, Mozart, Marschnell, whatever. They don't even know what they are eating. The important thing is to just eat. And I don't enjoy eating anymore. Look at them at the concert. It is said that Germany is cheerful, but they do not know anything about cheerfulness. They are always cheerful. Their cheerfulness, like their sorrow, is spreading like rain. It is the joy of dust, and it is completely relaxed and powerless. They smiled vaguely, listened to the sound, and stayed still for hours. I'm not thinking about anything. I don't feel anything. It's like a sponge. However, true joy and true sadness-power-cannot be spread over hours like one-barrel beer. It catches the throat of a person and defeats the person. After that, I no longer feel the desire to swallow something. That's enough! ......
"Too much music! You're killing yourself and you're killing music. It's up to you to kill yourself. But for music-I want you to be sloppy. Sacred. And the ugly ones in the same basket, that is, as you always do, with the fantasy song "Fantasia" made from the daughter of the regiment [# "La fille du région"] The prelude of Parsifal [# "Parsifal" is a side point] between the saxophone quartet "Quartet", or the passage "Hitofushi" of the black butoh "Cookwalk" and Leon Cavallo's foolish work of Beethoven's Adagio. It is unforgivable to put them side by side and pollute the beautiful things in the world. You are proud to be a great musical nation. You claim to love music. But what kind of music do you love! Is it good music or bad music? Isn't everyone all applauding them uniformly? Just make a choice! What do you really want? You do not know it yourself. I don't even want to know. He is too afraid to make a mistake in choosing one. ...... Beware of that, even the devil! --You will say that I am transcendental to each faction. --Transcendence, that means the following ... "
And Christoph quoted the poem of Zurich's strong citizen Gottfried Keller-one of his most nostalgic writers for his stern honesty and strong local flavor.
[# Indent 3 characters from here]
A person who likes to transcend the school and pretends to be a gogan.
Ning should be far from Mushi or a person who belongs to a lower rank.
[# End of indentation here]
"Have the courage to be the truth," he continued. "Have the courage to go ugly. If you like bad music, just say it. Show yourself what you are. All the vagueness that you should hate. Wash it from your soul. Wash it from your soul with plenty of water. How long have you never seen your face in the mirror? I'll show it from now on. . Composers, performers, heads of music, singers, and your dear audience, I'll let you know what you're doing at least once .... You're selfish, but it's true. Be true! Even if the artists start to suffer from it again, be true! If art and truth cannot live together, art should die. Truth, That's life. Death, it's false. "
This declaration, which is young, up-and-coming, radical, and quite bad taste, screamed the reader as well. But while everyone was the goal, no one was clearly named, so there was nothing to consider himself. Each person was or believed to be the best friend of truth. So the conclusion of this editorial was not feared to be attacked by anyone. People just felt uncomfortable with the overall tone. And it was the general opinion that it was not very valid, especially in the words of a semi-governmental artist. Several musicians began to work and took a keen rebellious attitude. They foresaw that Christoph wouldn't stay there. Other musicians praised Christoph for his brave deeds, with the intention of taking a clever attitude. But they were still worried about the next editorial.
Both of these two strategies gave the same result. Christoph was already out. Nothing could hold him back. And, as he said in advance, all the authors and performers were pulled out.
It was the music chiefs who were the first to be raised to the blood festival. Christoph didn't see any general opinion about orchestral leadership. He named his colleagues in the town and his colleagues in neighboring towns one by one. When not naming it, I used a satire that was obvious to everyone. Everyone knew that the lethargy of the court conductor Alois von Werner was mentioned. This is a cautious old man with various honorary titles, aware of everything, refraining from everything, and afraid to give a word of attention to his subordinate musicians, obediently watching and playing at their will. None of the shows have been foiled by years of success, or at least some publicly marked bureaucratic authority. I couldn't take the plunge and add it. Christoph ironically praised his bold approach. Celebrated the discovery of Garde, Dvorak and Tchaikovsky. He praised the firm accuracy of the orchestration he conducts, the metronome-like uniformity, and the playing style that always retains its beautiful hues. At the next concert, he suggested that Czerny's rapid practice song [# "Emphasis mark on" Rapid practice song "] should be played. He asked me not to be too tired, not too indignant, and to take good care of my precious health. --Or again, he cried out in anger at how he commanded Beethoven's Eroica [# "Emphasis Mark"]. "It's a cannon, it's a cannon! Sweep these guys out! ... What exactly is a battle, a struggle against human foolishness and ferociousness? What is it-I don't know at all what the power to overrun them with a laugh of joy ... Why do you know that power? It's for you to fight! Beethoven's Eroica [# "Eroica" is a side point] while listening to and playing, to put up with the yawning- (because this song makes you bored) ....... Confess that you're bored and irresistible!)-Or, when the noble people pass by, you're yawning and bending over to keep the wind out of the way. I'm wasting all my bravery. "
For the music school heavyweights who played the works of the great men in the past as "classical", he was still not enough even if he was a stab.
"Classic" Classic "! This word includes everything. Free passion is organized and adjusted so that it can be used at school! The life of Hirono, who is blown by the wind, is the four walls of the playground. It's confined in the middle of the war! The crude and proud rhythm of the war 《Onono》 is also hung by the high-beat shamokuzue 《Shumokuzue》, and it's a crappy road for people. It is made by the sound of a clock with a rhythm of four beats, and you want to put it in a glass bottle with a goldfish in order to enjoy the ocean. No doubt. You only understand life when you have killed it. "
Christoph wasn't mild to the people he called "taxidermy," but he was a renowned musician who praised his rounded arms and window-dressed hands, including "Kyomashi." Even so, it wasn't mild. Using the master of music as a stepping stone, they tried to use their skills as a stepping stone to make a widely known work into a form, and the symphony in C minor [# "Emphasis mark in C minor"]. I was doing the symphony of "Taga". Christoph called them a bastard, a gypsy, a tightrope walker, and so on.
Musicians with feats provided us with a wealth of materials. He avoided criticizing their magical box office. In his words, such mechanical karakuri art is a technique that belongs to a craft school, and the ones that can evaluate the value of those jobs are the time, the number of sounds, and the energy consumed. There were only charts to do. Occasionally, at a two-hour concert, with a smile on his lips, his eyes shining, and the most terrible difficulty-the difficulty of pulling Mozart's childish Andante [# "Andante" an emphasis mark]. He sometimes looked down on the famous piano virtuoso who successfully defeated him. -Of course, he did not deny the pleasure of overcoming difficulties. He had also enjoyed the pleasure. It was one of the joys of life for him. However, looking only at its most material side and limiting all his artistic courage to it seemed to him to be humorous and corrupt. He could not tolerate "piano lion" or "piano leopard". --Also, he wasn't very generous with the well-known German pedant. They are justly careful not to change the tone of the original works of the musicians, meticulously suppress the surplus of thought, and even when performing the ardent song "Sonata" like Hans von Seeck. It was a tone that was given even in the teaching of language.
The turn of the singers has also changed. Christoph had a lot to say about their crude weight and country-style vocabulary. Not only because I had a recent conflict with a new female singer, but also because I had a grudge against many performances that were painful to me. I didn't know which one was more distressing, the ear or the eye. Christoph couldn't find enough comparative words to criticize ugly sets, clunky costumes, and garish colors. The vulgarity of people, gestures and attitudes, unnatural acting, the incompetence of actors in disguising the souls of others, as long as they are written in a slightly similar voice tone, from one role The amazing indifference they move to other roles, those things made him sick. Obese and cheerful | Gorgeous women appeared in the guise of Isorde and Carmen. Unfortas played Figaro. But what Christoph naturally felt most often was the ugliness of the song, especially in the classical works where the beauty of the melody was an essential element. No one in Germany could sing the complete music of the end of the eighteenth century anymore. There was no one who tried to sing. The clear and subtle style of Gluck and Mozart, which seems to be bathed in an Italian light like Goethe's style-already beginning to change and quivering with Weber-the style-Krussiat [# " The style, which was ridiculed by the dull cartoon of the author of "Krusito" -it was destroyed by Wagner's victory. The harsh screams of Walpurgis covered the Greek sky. Odin's Miyun was extinguishing the light. Now no one wants to sing music anymore. The person was singing a poem. The disrespect of details, the ugly things, and even the mistaken sounds were overlooked, with the excuse that only the whole work, only the thought, was important ...
"Thought! Let's say a word about it. I see, you look like you understand the thought .... However, whether you try to understand the thought or not, please choose the format that the thought chose. I want you to be respected. First and foremost, I want music to be music, and I want it to remain music. "
Moreover, this great attention, which German artists claim to have paid for expression and deep thought, was, in Christoph's opinion, just a funny joke. Is it an expression? Is it an idea? Yes, they placed it everywhere-even everywhere. In the woolen butoh shoes "Butougutsu", as in Michelangelo's sculpture-more or less equally-the idea was found. Everyone's work, any work, was played with the same power. In short, in the opinion of many, the essence of music-Christoph asserted-was volume and musical noise. The pleasure of singing, which is so strongly felt in Germany, was nothing more than the pleasure of vocal gymnastics. The main purpose was to inflate the chest with air and blow it out vigorously and vigorously for a long time. -And Christoph offered a health guarantee instead of a compliment to a good female singer.
Christoph wasn't happy just to blame the artists. He jumped out of the stage and struck the audience as he played them, opening his mouth in a daze. The audience was stunned and didn't know if they could laugh or get angry. They could have been angry at the outrageous treatment. Originally they were careful not to participate in any artistic battle. He was cautious outside of any controversy. Then, realizing that it was easy to make a mistake, he cheered everything. Now, however, Christoph has accused them of being guilty. ...... Is it to cheer for bad works! That alone is irresistible! However, Christoph was still extremely angry. What he blamed them most was to applaud the great work.
"Jester," he said to them, "Do you want people to think you have so much excitement ... but you're just proving the opposite? But if you want to applaud, applaud the work or the passage that corresponds to the applause. As Mozart said, applaud the noisy ending made "for the long ears", where it is ecstatic. Applaud. The cry of the donkey is expected from the beginning. It's part of the concert.-However, Beethoven's solemnis song [# "Mosa solemnis" After the side point]! ...... I wonder if it will be unfortunate! ...... This is the Last Judgment. You have seen the crazy glory unfold, as if it were a storm on the ocean. Powerful | You have seen that the tornado Tatsumaki, which has the power of rebellion, has passed. It stops progressing, clinging to the clouds, clinging above the abyss with both fists, and then rushing into space at full speed. * [# "Wind + Flame", Level 4 2-92-35] Wind "Hyofu" is angry. In the midst of the intense storm, a sudden modulation, a reflection of sound, rushes through the darkness of the sky and falls like a plate of light onto the pale sea. That is the end. The fierce flight of the slaughtered angel, Hisho, is tied to three lightning bolts and stops. Everything is still fighting around. The drunken eyes are dazzling. The heart beats, breathing stops, and the four limbs are paralyzed ... And before the final sound is over, you are already cheerful and entertaining, screaming, laughing, criticizing, and cheering. ... Actually, you didn't see anything, you didn't hear anything, you didn't feel anything, you didn't understand anything, absolutely nothing! The anguish of the artist is also a sight to see for you. I judge that you are drawing the tears of Beethoven's agony. You said to the Lord's crucifixion, "Once again! I might shout. To entertain your curiosity for an hour, a great soul struggles in agony for the rest of your life! ...... "
Thus, Christoph annotated Goethe's great words, though he had not yet reached his magnificent innocence.
[# Indent 3 characters from here]
The people play with the sublime. However, if you know the truth, you must have the power to look at it.
[# End of indentation here]
Christoph should have stopped there. -But he was driven by momentum, passing through the audience, like a cannonball, in the shrine, in the temple, in the shelter that the mediocre "bonyo" should not commit--the criticism world I was depressed. He bombarded his peers. One of them was the most genius of the extant composers, the most advanced representative of the up-and-coming sect, to tell the truth, quite bizarre but full of genius inspiration. Title | I dared to attack Hasrel, the author of the symphony "Symphony". Christoph, who had been introduced to Hasrel, a child's cage, always gave him a secret affection for the inspirational gratitude he received long ago. But now, when he sees an apparently ignorant idiot critic giving a lesson to him and warning him of order and norms, he forgets me and is indignant.
"It's order! It's order!" He exclaimed, "You know nothing more than police order. Geniuses don't go on a compacted path. Geniuses order. Create and raise your will to the norm. "
After such an arrogant declaration, Christoph caught the unlucky critic, took up all the stupid things he wrote recently, and made strict corrections.
The entire criticism world felt insulted. Until then, the criticism was far from the battle. They didn't want to eat the side cane. They knew Christoph's character. I knew his abilities and his impatience. So only a few have conservatively announced that it is regrettable that a composer like him would get lost in a non-professional direction. Whatever their opinions (if they had one), they also respected Christophe's privilege of being able to criticize everything without criticizing himself. It is. But when they saw Christoph violently defeat the implicit insults that connected the critics, they immediately regarded Christoph as an enemy of the general order. It seemed damn to everyone that a young man dared to lose respect for those who were in national honor. And they started a fierce battle against Christophe. It was not a long editorial or a continuous controversy. -(For enemies who are more armed than themselves, they are not willing to fight in such a position. Newspaper reporters read it again without having the enemy's theory in their eyes. Instead, they have the special talent of being able to fight the debate.)-They have been taught from long experience, because the readers of a newspaper always agree with the newspaper, so argue. Just showing the appearance will already weaken the reader's credibility. Therefore, it had to be asserted, or, as a better measure, denied. (Negation is twice as powerful as assertive. It is a direct result of the law of gravity. It is much easier to drop a stone than to throw it into the air.) They prefer Relying on a dishonest, ironic, and insulting method of writing, I posted it every day, with relentless relentlessness, in the right places. It wasn't always named, but in a way that was obvious, the arrogant Christoph was ridiculed. Christoph's words were changed and made ridiculous. Christoph's anecdotes reported were sometimes true only at the beginning, but everything else was crafted, to disagree with the people of the city, and even with the court. It was crafted to create a discord. In addition, his facial features and clothes "Minari" were swearing at the time of the personal attack, and one manga was made, but since it was posted many times, it seems that he is finally similar to him. It became as to be.
Those things would have been nothing for Christoph's friends if their magazine hadn't even received the splash of battle. In fact, it was a magazine ad. They didn't try to throw the magazine into the midst of controversy, but rather to pull it away from Christophe. They were surprised that the magazine's reputation was damaged. And it's becoming increasingly clear that if you're not careful, you'll be forced to take on the same responsibilities, at least for the editors. Only a rather loose attack on Adolf Mai and Mannheim was launched, and it made a fuss like poking a bee's nest. Mannheim was interesting. This is my right to monitor everything he does, including my father and uncle, my cousins, and many of my relatives, and to be damn about it. I thought they might get angry with them. But Adolf Mai took it seriously and accused Christoph of damaging the magazine's reputation. Christoph repelled severely. The other doujinshi weren't hurt, so it was strange that Mai, who always behaved like a chief to everyone, was done on behalf of everyone. Waldhouse was secretly entertaining. He said that if there was a quarrel, some people would always break their heads. Of course, that meant excluding my own head. I thought I wouldn't be hit, whether by my family or my friends. And I thought that there would be no inconvenience if the Jews of the same person were bullied a little. Ehrenfeld and Golden Link weren't harmed yet, but weren't upset by some attacks. They could answer back. Much more painful for them was that Christoph's stubborn debate continued, causing strange disagreements with his friends, especially female friends. When they saw the first editorial, they found it a very entertaining and entertaining Kyogen. I admired the momentum of Christoph's broken bamboo. And with just one word of advice, he believed that he could alleviate his struggle, or at least divert his attacks from the men and women they named. ――But that's not the case. Christoph didn't listen to anything. I did not consider any recommendations. And he continued to attack like crazy. If left unchecked, it might no longer be possible to live in this region. Already, their cute female friends came to the magazine and complained, weeping and screaming. They tried to use all means to soften Christoph's at least some criticism. But Christoph didn't change his tone at all. They were indignant. Christoph was also indignant. But he didn't change at all. Waldhaus was amused by the indignation of his friends, who had no effect on him, and sided with Christoph to make them even more angry. Perhaps Christoph's brave lawlessness, hitting everyone head-on, taking no path to retreat, and not trying to save a hidden house for the future. Could have evaluated better than them. Mannheim then enjoyed the turmoil without any selfishness. It seemed like an interesting kyogen to bring this madman into the madman's savvy folks. Then, Christoph's wielding fist, and the attack that came upon him, were all laughing with his stomach. Inspired by my sister, I began to believe that Christoph had some very shortcomings, but that made Christoph more and more favorable. -(He wanted to think of the people he could agree with as a bit ridiculous.)-So he, along with Waldhaus, continued to support Christoph against others.
He always wanted to work and think he wasn't talented, but he wasn't too scarce, so at best, it was the gist of the region's most advanced musical sect. I came up with the idea that it would be much more advantageous to connect it with the gist of a friend.
As in most cities in Germany, there was also a Wagner Association in this town, which represented the Shinshicho against the conservatives. -And of course, if Wagner's honor is recognized everywhere and his work is featured in the performances of all German opera houses, defending him does not pose a great risk. There wasn't. But his victory was forced, rather than freely approved. And many were stubbornly conservative at heart, especially in small cities like this one, a little far from the modern tides and proud of their ancient reputation. .. The innate distrust of the German people for all new things, a kind of laziness of susceptibility to something true and robust that has not yet been well chewed by many times, than anywhere else. It was even worse in a small city that took a lot of money. A clear example of this was that every new work inspired by the Wagner spirit-apart from Wagner's work, which can no longer be argued-was treated coldly. Therefore, the useful task of the Wagner Society was to seriously defend the youthful and original power of art. Sometimes it was actually done. And Burgner and Hugo Wolf found their best ally in some of those associations. But too often, the teacher's selfishness was squeezing his younger brother and children. Just as Bayreuth served only to horribly honor one person, each of the Bayreuth sects was a small church, where people forever chanted Mass in praise of the one and only God. Literally observing the sacred doctrine, burying his face in dust and prostrating, worshiping the only shintai from various perspectives such as music, poetry, drama, and metaphysics. It was best to allow the faithful disciples to enter the side seats of the chapel.
The same was true for the Wagner Association in this town. --But this association was taking various actions. He was trying to take in talented young people who seemed to be useful. And for a long time, I had been paying attention to Christoph. I even secretly told him. But he didn't keep that in mind. I didn't feel the demand to combine with anything else. He understands that there is always a need for all the people of the country to flock like sheep, and to see if nothing can be done by themselves, singing, walking, drinking. could not. He disliked all corporatism. But if anything, it was more familiar to the Wagner Society than any other union. At least there was an excuse to have a fine concert. And although I didn't agree with Wagner's view of art at all, he tended to approach it more than any of the other music groups. If it was a group that showed the same unjust attitude toward Brahms and the Brahms faction as I did, it seemed that I could find a ground for understanding. Therefore he left it to be introduced. Mannheim was the mediator. Mannheim knew everyone. Even though he was not a musician, he was a member of the Wagner Association. --The secretary of the association did not overlook the battle that Christoph started in the magazine. He also seemed to be a powerful proof that some of Christoph's performances in the enemy camp would be useful if he worked on his side. Christoph also shot some profane arrows at the sacred idols. However, I thought it would be better to close my eyes on that. -And again, perhaps, no one agrees that those first attacks, which were still fairly loose, rushed in without giving Christoph a chance to speak further. I didn't do it, but it wasn't irrelevant. People have very politely asked to allow the association's upcoming concerts to play a bit of his melody. Christoph agreed on a flattering ride. He went to the Wagner Society. Then Mannheim advised me to join it.
There were two leaders of this Wagner Association at that time, but one had a certain degree of fame as a writer and one as an orchestra chief. Both had a Mahometian belief in Wagner. The former is called Josias Kling, and you can instantly know the thought of a teacher who is omnipotent [# omnipotent omnipotent] by preparing a dictionary about Wagner-Wagner dictionary [# "emphasis mark in" Wagner dictionary "]. It was a courier. That was his big business. He could recite all the lines of the dictionary, as if the middle-class people in the French region had completely reciteed the song of the Orleans girl [# "The Maid of Orleans"]. Maybe. He also published an editorial on the Wagner and Arian spirit in the Bayreuth Daily [# aside from the Bayreuth Daily]. Needless to say, for him, Wagner was a purely alien paradigm, and the German people were a refuge that was not invaded by the corrupting influence of the Latin sem spirit, especially the French sem spirit. He had declared a decisive defeat of the impure goal spirit. Nevertheless, he fought fiercely every day, as if he was always feeling the threat of an eternal enemy. He admitted only one great man in France. It was Count Gobineau. Kling was a small old man, very petite, very polite, and blushed quickly like a virgin. --One of the pillars of the Wagner Society was Erich Laubel, a man who was the manager of a chemical factory until he was 40 years old. After that, he abandoned everything and became the conductor. It was possible to become because of the power of will and also because of wealth. He was a fanatic of Bayreuth. It seems that he has been walking from Munich to Bayreuth wearing a pilgrimage straw. Oddly enough, this guy was very reading, very traveling, doing various professions, and showing that he was an energetic person everywhere, but in music, he was totally panurge. Has become a sheep. Using all his original talents, he was finally able to maintain a position that was a little stupid than others. I was so unconfident in the music that I couldn't rely on my emotions, and I just listened to the commentary that the music director and Bayreuth licensees gave me about Wagner. I wanted to imitate even the trivial points such as stage sets and various costumes that match the crude and childish taste of Wagner's official residence in Van Fleet. There are Michelangelo fanatics in the world, and when copying the master's work, even the mold is copied, and by entering it in the sacred work, it is possible to regard the mold as sacred. But Laubel was like that fanatic.
Christoph couldn't have liked these two people very much. But they were both fairly well-educated, kind and sociable men. And Laubel's conversation was interesting when it came to topics other than music. Besides, he was a weirdo. The weirdo wasn't too unpleasant for Christophe. The irresistible mundaneness of the meticulous people changed his mood. He didn't know yet that no one is irresistible to say absurd bullshit, and that originality is even less for those who are often mistakenly called "originators" than for others. That. Because those "creators" are just eccentrics whose ideas have become like the movement of a clock.
Josias Kling and Laubel first showed a respectful attitude towards him in an attempt to captivate Christoph. Kling praised him, and Laubel sought to follow his instructions on his work at the Society's concerts. Christoph was moved. Unfortunately, however, the consequences of those rounds were hurt by the foolishness of those who showed it. He didn't have the ability to think well because he praised him. He was difficult. He resolutely refused to be praised for the opposite of his true self. And people who mistakenly became their allies were often regarded as enemies. So, Kling recognizes him as a disciple of Wagner, and he has nothing in common except for some notes in the scale. ] He was not at all grateful for the search for some similarities with the passage. Also, when I hear that one of my works is played between two huge works of Eternal Wagner-alongside the worthless imitations of Wagner's students- He wasn't happy at all.
He soon became stuffy in the small chapel. It was a kind of music school, as cramped as various old music schools, and even narrower to the new ones in the art world. Christoph began to lose his illusion of the absolute value of a form of art or thought. In the past, I believed that great ideas had their own light everywhere. But now I realize that people are always the same, even if ideas change. And in the end, it was all in humans. The idea was human. If a person was born mediocre, any genius would become mediocre as he passed through his soul. The cry of liberation of the heroes who destroy the iron chains also became a enslavement contract for the people of the next era. --Christoph couldn't help but state his feelings. I ridiculed the artistic worship. He professed that idols of any kind were no longer needed, and classics of any kind were no longer needed. Who can claim to be the successor to Wagner's spirit is just one who can always look forward and never look back, and can step on Wagner and go straight-the one to die. He professed to be the only one who had the courage to die and maintain a fervent negotiation with life. Kling's stupidity made him aggressive. He addressed all the shortcomings and humorous points found in Wagner. For Wagner worshipers, it was not surprising that he felt strange jealousy towards their god. On Christoph's side, there was no doubt that those who were enthusiastic about it after Wagner's death must have tried to strangle it first in Wagner's life. --In this respect, he was wrong with them. There was a time when people like Kling and Laubel were still shining. About 20 years ago, they too were at the forefront. Then, like many, they stagnated there. Human power is so weak that when you climb the first slope, you are out of breath and stop. Very few people have a strong breath to continue moving forward.
Christoph's attitude quickly alienated his new friends. Their sympathy was a deal. In order for them to be on his side, he had to be on their side. However, it was too clear that Christoph was unlikely to make any concessions. He wasn't involved at all. People have shown apathy to him. The compliments he refused to give to the gods and little gods set by the clique were also rejected by him. People weren't as enthusiastic about treating his work as they used to be. And some began protesting his name appearing on the show less often. People ridiculed him from behind and became notorious. Kling and Laubel had abandoned those words, but they seemed to agree. But people were wary of not having a conflict with Christophe. First, the minds of the people of the Rhineland preferred an intermediate solution, not a true solution, but a solution that included the privilege of prolonging an ambiguous state forever. Second, people still wanted him to do what he wanted, at least not by persuading him, but by fatigue.
Christoph didn't give them that room. He doesn't want a man to admit that he's rebelling against him, but he seems to feel clearly that he's trying to cast an illusion in order to continue to sympathize with him. At times, he never stopped until he proved himself to be the man's enemy. At a banquet at the Wagner Society, after hitting a wall of hostility wrapped in hypocrisy, he sent a withdrawal notice to Laubel for no reason. Laubel didn't make a point. Mannheim rushed to Christoph and tried to mediate everything. Christoph started yelling as soon as he heard the first word.
"No, no, no, no. Don't tell me about them anymore. I don't want to see them anymore .... I can't stand them anymore, I can't do it at all .... I don't like humans." I'm dying. I can't stand seeing human faces. "
Mannheim was laughing from the bottom of his heart. Rather than trying to quell Christoph's rage, he was more interested in it.
"I know they're not good people," he said. "But that didn't start today, so did something new happen?"
"Nothing. I'm dying ... yes, laugh, mock me. Of course, I'm a madman. The cautious guys Act according to a sound law of reason. But I'm not. I'm a human being who moves only by impulse. When the electric charge in me accumulates, it doesn't just explode. If it causes injury I'm sorry if there is a person. It's a troublesome story for me. I haven't been able to live in society. I want to be my own person in the future. "
"Still, isn't it going to be without anyone's clue?" Mannheim said. "I can't let you play your music alone. You need a male and female singer, a string band, a string conductor, an audience, an applause ..."
Christoph was screaming.
"No no no!"
However, the last word made him jump.
"Are you not ashamed of the applause?"
"Don't say hiring.-(Actually, the hiring applause is still the only way found to show the value of the work to the audience.)-But. I always need a kind of applause, a small companion who is properly trained. Every writer has it. That's why my friends are worth it. "
"I don't want friends."
"Then your work is just whistling."
"I want to whistle."
Mannheim was fun and irresistible.
"That kind of fun won't last long. No one will play."
"What do you care about? Then do you think I want to be a famous person ... I see, I've been doing my best for that purpose .... nothing at all. Significance, madness | Zata, the devil's soul .... Just the most mundane satisfaction of pride is all sorts of sacrifice in return for honor-unpleasantness, pain, disgrace, As if to compensate for humiliation, sneakyness, nasty concessions, etc.! By the way, if such anxiety still bothers my head, I would rather be kidnapped by the devil. I don't think about that anymore. I don't want to be involved in the fact that it's a famous audience. It's a good thing. I want to be a private person and live for myself and my loved ones ... "
"That's right," Mannheim said ironically. "But I have to do one job. Why can't you make shoes?"
"Oh, if I were a shoe store like that Zack like no other!" Exclaimed Christoph. "Somehow my life will be pleasantly arranged! I will do a shoe store six days a week-on Sundays, just for my close friends, for my own enjoyment and for the enjoyment of a few friends. Playing music. It's a really good life! ... It's foolish to devote your time and effort to the brilliant joy of being used to the judgment of idiots. Isn't it much better to be loved and understood by a small number of fine people than to be heard or scorned by the idiots? 》 And the devil of the desire for honor, I will not be dragged around anymore. Rest assured that point! "
"That's right," Mannheim said.
However, he thought like this.
"After an hour, this guy will say the opposite."
He concludes calmly.
"So I'll mediate everything with the Wagner Association."
Christoph raised his arms.
"That's why I'm screaming that I shouldn't break my throat for an hour! ... I'll say no, I'll never step into that place anymore. The Wagner association guys, the unionist guys, the sheep shed guys, all wanting to get together to cry, I'm dying for those sheep, instead of me I'm a wolf, and if I have teeth, I'm not a human being who can eat grass! "
"Okay, okay, let's say it," Mannheim said, leaving the daytime play with fun. He thought:
"This man is a madman, a madman who should be tied up ..."
He immediately told his sister the conversation. The younger sister fluttered her shoulders and said.
"Are you a madman? He wants to make you think he's a madman .... He's a stupid, ridiculously arrogant person ..."
During that time, Christoph continued to fight fiercely in the Waldhaus magazine. It wasn't because the fight was interesting. The entire critique was blaming him, and he was trying to curse everything. He was still trying hard because he was urged to hold his mouth, and he didn't want to show any concessions.
Waldhouse started to worry. While he was in the midst of a slamming and was safe, he watched the fierce battle with the calmness of the god of Olympus. But for a few weeks ago, all the newspapers seemed to have forgotten the inviolable dignity of Waldhouse. And he began to attack his self-esteem as an author. Had he been more agile, he could have admitted his friend's toes in the extraordinary wickedness of those attacks. In fact, those attacks were caused by the insidious agitation of Ehrenfeld and Golden Link. They saw that there was no other way to get him to decide to get Christoph's brushstrokes off. And their view was justified. Waldhaus immediately began professing that Christoph would be in trouble. And he stopped supporting Christophe. Since then, all the magazine folks have devised to silence Christophe. However, try putting a muzzle on a dog that is eating a prey "Ejiki"! Every word people said to him was more and more inspiring to him. He called everyone a coward and asserted that he would say everything-everything he had to say. If they intend to drive themselves away, it's their freedom. It is only known throughout the town that they are as sneaky as others. But I never leave myself.
While embarrassed and looking at each other, they bitterly accused Mannheim of bringing this madman on his back and carrying the terrible trouble. Mannheim continued to laugh and tried to control Christophe. From the next editorial, I vowed to let Christoph take care of it. Everyone didn't believe it. But the facts proved that Mannheim wasn't mischievous. Christoph's next editorial no longer contained any rude words to anyone, if not an example of courtesy. Mannheim's means were extremely simple. They were later surprised why they didn't come up with it earlier. Christoph had never read back his writing in a magazine. Even reading the proofreading of my editorial was a hassle and a sloppy look. Adolf Mai has given gentle attention to this more than once, including thorns. He said that a single typographical error would hurt the magazine's reputation. However, Christoph did not consider criticism to be a true art, so he always replied that the bad guys would understand the point well, even if there was a typographical error. Mannheim took advantage of the circumstances during this period. He said Christoph's opinion was justified, that proofreading was the job of the proofreader, and that he would take on the role. Christoph was so grateful that he was afraid. But they all agreed that the procedure would take time for the magazine and would ultimately benefit everyone. So Christoph left the calibration to Mannheim and asked him to fix it. Mannheim did not disobey the request. It was a game for him. At first, I was cautious, just softening some words and cutting off explicit grammar in places. And even though it worked, I gained strength and gradually proceeded with the method. I started to change the complaints and meanings. He showed his true skill in the work. It was all the skill to make him say the exact opposite of what Christoph wanted to say, while preserving most of the complaints and his peculiar writing habits. Mannheim broke more than writing his own editorial to transform Christoph's editorial. He has never worked so hard in his lifetime. But the result was very pleasant. Some musicians, who had been ridiculed by Christophe, were taken aback by seeing him gradually becoming milder and finally complimenting him. I was overjoyed in the magazine. Mannheim has read to everyone the manuscript that has been overwhelmed by hard work. Everyone laughed. Ehrenfeld and Golden Link sometimes told Mannheim.
"Be careful. You're overdoing it."
"What's okay," Mannheim replied.
And he was doing more and more.
Christoph didn't notice anything. He came to the magazine, handed him the manuscript, and didn't mind it anymore. Occasionally, he called Mannheim aside.
"This time, I really beat those idiots. Read a little ..."
I read Mannheim.
"How about your thoughts?"
"It's fierce. You have nothing left to do."
"What do they say?"
"That would be a fuss."
However, there was no fuss. On the contrary, only shining faces were seen around Christophe. The people he beat greeted him in the traffic. At one point he came to the magazine with a frowning look. Then he asked while throwing a visiting business card on the table.
"What exactly is this?"
It was a business card of a musician he had just cursed, and he wrote "I can't stand gratitude [#" I can't stand gratitude "as an emphasis mark]".
Mannheim answered with a laugh.
"I'm ironic."
Christoph was relieved.
"Oh!" He said, "I was worried that I liked my editorial."
"He's angry," said Ehrenfeld, "but I don't want to show it. I'm ridiculing like that. What. "
"Are you mocking? ... stupid!" Christoph said in a rage again. "I'll write it once again. The laughing guy will be laughed at!"
"No, it's not," Walthaus worried. "I don't think he's mocking. That's what he did with humility. He's a good Christian. He hit one cheek, so he extended one cheek. . "
"It's still fine," Christoph said. "A cowardly person! I'll have to hit my hips."
Walthouse tried to soothe a little. But everyone else was laughing.
"Come on ..." said Mannheim.
"After all ..." Walthaus suddenly became strong and said, "Fifty steps and one hundred steps! ..."
Christoph is back. They laughed and danced like madness. When it calmed down a little, Waldhaus told Mannheim.
"Even so, it was a dangerous place .... Be careful. You may see everyone in a hurry."
"What!" Said Mannheim. "It's still a while, and again, I'm on the side of that guy."
[#New Page]
Two buried
A group of French actors passed by when Christoph was gaining the experience on the right to reform German art. It's more appropriate to be a group, as usual, such as suspicious people who do not know where they came from, or unknown young actors who are willing to receive any treatment if they just play a role. It was a gathering. Everyone gathered together and was attached to the carriage of a famous old actress. The old actress traveled around Germany, stopping at this small city along the way and hosting three performances.
The Waldhouse magazine made a fuss about it. Mannheim and his friends were or pretended to be fluent in Parry's literary and sociable spheres. He was actively repeating the myths he had heard and / or what he understood a little. They represented the French spirit in Germany. That made Christoph even more eager to know the French spirit. Mannheim noisily praised Parry to him. Mannheim has been to Parry many times. There were also blood relatives-there were blood relatives in every European country. And everywhere they had acquired the national character and dignity of the country. Among the Abraham people were the British servant, the Belgian senator, the French cabinet, the deputy of the German Reichstag, and the count attached to the Pope. And everyone was well united and respected for the common ancestors they came up with, but still sincerely British, Belgian, French, German, or Pope. It was a party. Because, from a haughty heart, they did not doubt that the country they had adapted to was the number one country in the world. However, only Mannheim was the opposite, and was amused to say that other countries to which he did not belong were better. Thus he often talked about Parry, and in a mesmerizing tone. But to praise the Parry, he said he was a crazy, eccentric and noisy man, spending his time on play and revolution, and never being serious. So Christoph wasn't very attracted to "the Byzantine, decadent, decadent republic beyond Mount Vosges." The Parry he was still imagining was not much different from the Parry shown in a simple print that he saw at the beginning of a recent book on German art. there were. In the first figure, there was a demon statue of Notre Darm Temple crouching over the houses in the city, and it had the following inscription.
[# Indent 3 characters from here]
An insatiable vampire, the eternal luxury "Gosha"
Devour the prey on the big city.
[# End of indentation here]
As a good German, he despised the playful foreigners and their literature. All I know about the literature is the ridiculous humorous drama such as the eagle and Mrs. Kiho [# "the eagle and Mrs. Kiho"] and the small song of Kotei. There wasn't. So when he sees the trendy trend of this small city, where people who are unlikely to find any excitement in art go out loud and rush to fill in their names, he says. I couldn't help but pretend to be a disdainful indifference to the famous traveler. He insisted that he should take a step to hear it. And because the seats were so expensive and he had no way of paying for it, it was even easier for him to keep his word.
A few classical plays were included in the program that a group of French actors brought to Germany. But most of them were ridiculous varieties, especially export-friendly parries. Because there is nothing more universal than mediocre. Christoph knew Tosca [# "Emphasis mark"], which was the first feature of the traveling actress. He had previously heard the translation of Tosca [# "Emphasis mark" on "Tosca"]. At that time, the Rhineland troupe was adorned with the lightest grace that could be done to French works. And now, watching his friends go to the theater, he laughed with a mockery and thought it wasn't worth listening to it twice. But the next day, I had to listen carefully to my friends talking about last night inspiringly. While refusing to see the play that everyone is talking about, he was resentful that he had lost the right to defend everyone's opinions.
The second feature of the notice was supposed to be the French translation of Hamlet [# "Hamlet" as an emphasis mark]. Christoph never missed the opportunity to see Shakespeare's work. Shakespeare was an endless fountain of life for him, equal to Beethoven, and at the time of the cluttered anxiety suspicions he had just passed through, Hamlet [# "Hamlet" is an emphasis] It was. I was fascinated by the fact that I realized that the headline was good again in the magical mirror. I walked around the play advertisement "Bira", canceling out the irresistible desire to get a seat. But he was so stubborn that he didn't want to revoke it once he had told his friends. And that night, like the night before, I went home with the intention of staying at my house, but just by chance, I met Mannheim.
Mannheim caught his arm. And I'm angry that my father's younger sister, the old lady, suddenly came with a large number of families and had to stay home to meet them. He talked with a happy appearance and without losing his mockery. He was trying to escape. But his father did not allow ridicule on the issue of family etiquette and respect to be paid to the elders. And just because he had to get rid of his father and withdraw money, he couldn't afford to give up on the play.
"Did you guys have a ticket?" Asked Christoph.
"Yeah, it's a fine box. Besides, I have to deliver it to others-(I'm about to go) -Grune, a fellow of my father's father. It's a guy named Baum. I want you to take my wife and idiot girl. It's a funny story .... I want to at least tell them something uninteresting. But they're okay with that, if they even bring me a ticket-I would be even more pleased if the ticket was a banknote. "
He looked at Christoph and suddenly stopped with his mouth open.
"Oh ... yes ... just right!"
He said low.
"Christoph, are you going to the play?"
"Disagreeable."
"Say, yes. Go to the play. It's my request. I can't say no."
Christoph didn't understand.
"But I don't have a ticket."
"Here it is!" Mannheim slammed, forcing him to hold the ticket in his hand.
"You're messed up," Christoph said. "And what did your father say?"
Mannheim was laughing.
"I'm going to get angry," he said.
He wiped his tears with laughter and concluded.
"I'll bring it out from me without knowing anything yet, without getting up tomorrow morning."
"I don't know," Christoph said, "know that it's unpleasant for your dad."
"You don't need to know, it's not what you know, it's not related to you."
Christoph opened the ticket.
"And what do you do with the box for four people?"
"I'll do it. If you like, you can sleep or dance in the back. I'll take a woman. There will be some. If you need it, you can lend it."
Christoph presented his ticket to Mannheim.
"No, I really don't like it. Take it."
"Do you want to take it?" Mannheim said, stepping back. "If you don't mind, I won't force you to go, but I won't accept it anymore. I'll try to catch the fire or imitate the Richigi and deliver it to Grunebaum's house. It's yours. It's not related to me anymore. Goodbye. "
He left Christoph with a ticket in his hand in the middle of the traffic and ran away.
Christoph was in trouble. I clearly thought that it was appropriate to bring a ticket to Grunebaum's house. But I didn't really like the idea. I couldn't decide my mind and went home. When I noticed and looked at the clock, I had only time to change clothes to go to the play. In any case, it was too ridiculous to waste the ticket. I recommended that I go with my mother. But Luisa said it was better to go to bed. He went out. There was childish fun at the bottom of my heart. The only dissatisfaction was to enjoy the fun alone. I didn't feel any blame for the Grunebaum family and Mannheim's father who picked up the pier, but I felt a kind of blame for those who might be able to share the pier with me. .. For a young person like myself, it was hard not to understand how happy it was. I tried to find a ticket in my head, but I couldn't find anyone to get a ticket. Besides, it was too late and I had to hurry.
When entering the theater, he passed by the closed bill counter. It was indicated on the bulletin board that there was no more seat left for the seat clerk. He admitted a young woman among those who unfortunately returned. She still couldn't take the plunge and looked enviously at the people who went in. She wore very simple black clothes, was not very tall, had a sled face, and looked graceful. There was no chance to notice whether it was beautiful or ugly. He passed in front of her. Stopped for a moment, turned around, and without thinking, asked him to discipline.
"Do you have a seat?"
She blushed and said in a foreigner tone.
"Yes, there isn't."
"I have one box, but I'm having trouble getting rid of it. Would you like to use it together?"
She still blushed badly and thanked her with a disapproval refusal. Christoph was embarrassed when he refused, and he apologized and asked for it. But while it was clear that she wanted to consent, he couldn't persuade him well. He was in great trouble. And suddenly I made up my mind.
"Hey, there's a way to do it all right," he said. "Let's raise the ticket. I don't care. I've seen it before.-(He was proud.)-You'll have more fun than I do. Come on, take this ticket. "
The young woman was so moved by the offer and the kind offer that she almost tried to tear her eyes. And he muttered with gratitude that he didn't want to pick up the ticket.
"Well, come on with me," he said with a smile.
Because his appearance was so warm and fragile, she felt bad about refusing. And he said with a little confusion.
"I'm coming ... Thank you."
They went inside. The box on Mannheim was open in front of me, and I couldn't hide it. It had to be noticed that they came in. Christoph sat the young woman in the front seat and kept her back a little out of the way. She was very embarrassed, straight and unable to turn around. He seemed to regret not having to consent. Christoph deliberately looked at the other, as he couldn't find a seed to talk to, to give her a chance to calm down. And no matter where you look, it's easy to see that sitting with a stranger in the middle of the lithe guards on the pier invites the curiosity and criticism of the people of the small town. It was. He threw a fierce gaze here and there. I was indignant that others would relentlessly interfere with me, even though I wouldn't interfere with others from here. He didn't think that his unreserved curiosity was more directed at his companion than he was, and even more brazenly. Then he bent over to the woman beside him and started talking to show that he was perfectly fine no matter what others said or thought. She seems to be very afraid to be spoken to by him, and very annoyed to have to answer him, and finally to say "yes" or "no" without looking at him. Because of that, he felt sorry for her unfamiliarity and pulled him into his corner. Fortunately, the play has begun.
Christoph didn't read the banzuke and didn't want to know what role the actress would play. He was one of the honest people who came to see the play instead of seeing the actor. He didn't think whether that famous actress would be Ofelia or Queen. If you think about it, you would agree to be a queen in terms of both ages. But what he didn't think of was that the actress played the role of Hamlet. When he saw Hamlet and heard the mechanical doll's roaring voice, he couldn't believe it for a while ...
"Who is it, who is it?" He asked himself in his mid-mouth. "Still no way ..."
And when he had to admit that it was Hamlet, he uttered a swearing voice. Fortunately, the woman by the side was a foreigner, so I didn't understand the meaning, but it seems that the people at the box next door understood the meaning well. An angry voice of silence was immediately returned. He retracted into the box to enjoy himself freely. His resentment couldn't be resolved. If he wasn't narrow, the grace and craftsmanship of the disguise would make the lady of the sixties dressed as a youth and put on the stage, yet beautifully-at least to the follow-up eyes. May have paid homage to his tricks. But he hated all the tricks and hated the ones that broke nature. His preference was that a woman was a woman and a man was a man. (This is not always the case in modern times.) Beethoven's Leonore's childish little | humorous disguise was unpleasant to him. But Hamlet's disguise was ridiculous. Fat, blue, angry, cunning, rational, hallucinating, strong Danes, a woman-and not a woman, a woman dressed as a man Is just a monster-what does it do? To make Hamlet a eunuch official, or an ambiguous bisexual person! The ridiculousness that should be disliked is tolerated without being whistled even for a day, it is nothing but a ridiculous era, and there is nothing but a foolish criticism world. That's right. ...... The voice of the actress has completely shook Christoph. She had a singing tone that separated each | spelling. Since Chambere, he has had that monotonous recitation that seems to have always seemed noble to the least poetic people in the world. Christoph was so frustrated that he wanted to imitate all four animals. He turned his back to the stage and, like an elementary school student who had been punished for standing upright, was angry with his nose against the wall of the pier. As a matter of fact, the companion woman couldn't look at him. If she saw it, she might have thought he was a madman.
Suddenly Christoph's frowning side stopped. He didn't move and held his mouth. I heard a beautiful musical voice and a majestic and gentle young female voice. Christoph listened. As the voice continued to speak, he was fascinated and turned around on his chair to look at the little bird with such a song. I saw Ofelia. Of course she didn't look like Shakespeare's Ofelia. It was a tall, strong, slender and beautiful girl, resembling a statue of a young Greek woman like Electra or Cassandra. The spirit of life was overflowing. While striving to stay in his own role, the power of youth and joy was shining from his body, gestures, and laughing brown eyes. Captivated by the charm of his beautiful body, Christoph said that despite being strict about Hamlet's production a moment ago, Ofelia had little resemblance to what he had drawn. I didn't feel regret at all. And even at the expense of the imaginary Ofelia, I didn't feel any regrets. With the unconscious delusion of a passionate person, he found even one deep truth in the youthful enthusiasm burning in the heart of his chaste and confusing virgin. And what made the charm even greater was the deception of a pure, warm, smooth, smooth voice. Each word sounded like a beautiful chord. Around each | spelling sound, there is a bright Southern European intonation with an elastic rhythm, like the incense of Hyakurika or the wild | Hakka. It was. It was a mysterious illusion that could be called Princess Ofelia of Arles. She had some of the golden sun and the crazy south wind.
Christoph forgot about the woman next door and sat beside her in front of the pier. And I kept an eye on the beautiful actress who didn't know the name. But the general public didn't come to see the unknown actress and didn't pay any attention to her. And I was only thinking of cheering when the woman Hamlet spoke. Upon seeing it, Christoph yelled at them, "stupid people" -in a low voice that could be heard up to ten steps ahead.
For the first time since the curtain 《Aimaku》 came down on the stage, he remembered the existence of a woman with a pier. And while looking at her still squirming, I thought with a smile that my rough appearance must have surprised her. -It was exactly what he thought. The soul of the young woman, who happened to be with him for several hours, was almost morbidly modest. It was because of the extraordinary excitement that he took the plunge and accepted Christoph's invitation. And as soon as he agreed, he somehow wanted to get out of his hand, find an excuse, and run away. It was irresistible when I realized that it was the subject of curiosity for everyone. Behind me-(she couldn't turn around) -became more and more irresistible as she heard the low swearing and complaining of her companion. I felt like I didn't know what he was doing. And when he came out and sat beside her, she was horrified. I still don't know what he's going to do. She wanted to go into the hole. And I was unknowingly withdrawing. It was scary to touch him.
However, when I heard his voice speaking quietly in the intermission, all her fears disappeared.
"It would be very unpleasant to be next to me, I'm sorry."
There she looked at him. And he found that good smile on his face again, which motivated him to come with him earlier.
He went on to say.
"I can't hide what I'm thinking .... And it's too terrible ... That woman, that old lady ..."
He made a frowning face of disgust 《Keno》 again.
She smiled and said in a very quiet voice.
"Still, it's beautiful."
He noticed her tone and asked.
"Are you a foreigner?"
"Yes," she said.
He looked at her simple little robe.
"Are you a teacher?" He said.
She answered with a red face.
"Yes."
"Which country is it?"
 she said.
"I'm French."
He made a surprise gesture.
"Are you French? I couldn't think of it."
"Why?" She asked.
"You're so ... serious," he said.
(She thought it wasn't flattering as long as it came out of his mouth.)
"There are some serious things in France," she said embarrassed.
He has her honest little face, rounded forehead, small straight nose, slender chin, chestnut-colored hair and thin cheeks. I looked at my cheeks. But it wasn't her in his eyes. He was thinking of that beautiful actress. He said repeatedly.
"It's really strange that you're French! ... Are you really from the same country as Ofelia? No one would think so."
He added after a little silence.
"That is really beautiful!"
He didn't notice himself trying to make a comparison between her and Ofelia that wasn't very appreciated by the woman next door. She often felt it. But she didn't resent Christophe. Because she had the same idea as him. He tried to find out from her a lot about that actress. But she didn't know anything. Apparently she had little knowledge of the play.
"It would be fun for you to hear French spoken," he asked.
He intended to play, but he pointed to a star.
"Yes, that's it," she said in a surprisingly true tone, "How happy I am. I feel stuffy here."
He looked at her even better this time. She shook her hands lightly and felt painful. But she soon came up with the idea that some of her words now might be offensive.
"Oh, I'm sorry," she said, "I'm sorry I don't know what it is."
He laughed lightly.
"Is there something you can't do? You're right. Even if you're not French, you're going to be suffocating here.
He breathed in the air and fluttered his shoulders.
However, she got sick of giving up her thoughts like that, and she just closed her mouth. Besides, she noticed that the people on the next pier were listening to this conversation. He was also angry when he noticed it. And the two stopped talking. He went out into the hallway, waiting for the intermission to end. The words of the young woman still echoed in his ears. But he was distracted by other things. The image of Ofelia occupies his heart. And in the curtains one after another, he was completely caught. When it comes to frenzy, when it comes to that sad song of love and death, the actress's voice can be an intonation that can't help but impress, so he I was completely overwhelmed. He felt himself almost crying out loud like a calf. And because he was indignant at what seemed to be a sign of weakness-(because he believed that a true artist should never cry) -and didn't want to be seen by others. Suddenly, I went out of the pier. There was no one in the hallway or in the break room. He went down the stairs in a confused manner and went out without knowing himself. I wanted to breathe the cold air at night. I wanted to walk across a dim and lonely street. One day, I went out to the shore of the canal, put an elbow on the chest wall of the shore, and looked at the silent water. On the surface of the water, the reflection of the streetlight was dancing in the darkness. His soul was similar. I was terrified by the pitch darkness. I couldn't see anything other than Okietsu, who was jumping on the surface. People's big clock rang. He was unlikely to be able to go back to the theater and hear the end of the play. What do you mean by seeing the victory of Fortin Brass? No, he wasn't attracted to it. ...... I see, it's a wonderful victory! Who envy such a winner? After getting tired of all the barbarism of ferocious and stupid life, what will you be the victor? The whole work is a terrifying persecution of life. However, in it, the extraordinary power of life is boiling, sorrow becomes joy, and anguish becomes euphoric.
Christoph went home without worrying about the young woman he met for the first time. He left her in the box and didn't even know its name.
The next morning, he went to a small inn in a third-class place to meet the actress. The entertainer had her stay there with her companions, and only the actress Zagashira was in a prestigious inn in the town. Christoph was guided to a messy little guest room. The leftovers of breakfast, along with hair staples and messy sheet music paper, were on the piano with the lid open, and Ofelia just made a noise in the side room. It was fun to sing with a loud voice like a child. When told that there was a visitor, she stopped singing for a moment and asked in a cheerful voice that she could hear beyond the wall.
"What's the name? What's the name? ... Christoph ... Christoph then? ... Christoph Craft ... it's a weird name!"
(She repeated the name a couple of times, rolling the sound of Li [# "ri" as an emphasis mark] and La [# "la" as an emphasis mark] in her mouth.)
"It's like a bad word ..."
(She said one bad thing.)
"Young or old? ... looks good? ... that's fine, let's go."
She started singing again.
――The things that I'm kinder than love are in the world ……
While singing, I stirred the whole room and squeezed the clasp of the tortoiseshell that got into the mess. I wanted to get angry, yelled at me, and screamed like a lion. Christoph couldn't see it, but he was laughing alone, imagining her gestures through the wall. Finally, the footsteps approached, the door quickly opened, and Ofelia appeared.
She wasn't dressed properly. She wrapped her make-up around her body, exposed her arms in her wide sleeves, her hair wasn't combed well, and her curly hair hung down on her eyes and cheeks. .. His beautiful brown eyes laughed, his mouth laughed, his cheeks laughed, and a cute little Kokubo laughed in the middle of his chin. With a majestic, singing and beautiful voice, she apologized for coming out like that. However, I knew well that I could be thankful that I couldn't apologize. She thought of him as a newspaper reporter who came to visit. And when I was told that I came with my own thoughts and that I was praising her, I was very happy, not disappointed. She was a good girl with a charm, loved to please people, and didn't even try to hide it. Christoph's visit and intoxication made her happy. -(She wasn't poisoned by flattery yet.)-She wasn't poisoned by her behavior, her manners, her little vanity, and the innocent joy she felt when she was liked by others. There was no unnaturalness, so Christoph didn't feel cramped for a moment. The two soon became like old friends. He spoke a little poor French and she spoke a little weird German. After an hour, I brought up any confidential story. She didn't want to let him go at all. This strong, cheerful, and unobtrusive Southern European woman is bored and irresistible, surrounded by stupid companions and in a foreign country that doesn't know the language, without awakening her innate joy. So I was happy to find someone to talk to. For Christophe, it was an indescribable happiness to meet a free-spirited Southern European woman who was full of commoner energy in the midst of poorly-honest and ill-mannered small citizens. He was still unaware of the unnatural nature of those Southern Europeans. They, unlike Germans, show them everything they have in their hearts-and often show them what they don't have. But anyway, the actress blatantly said what she thought she was young and lively. He criticized everything freely from a fresh perspective. That southerly wind that blows away the clouds was felt a little in her. She was rich in genius. I wasn't educated or thoughtful, but if it was a beautiful and good thing, I could immediately feel it from the bottom of my heart, and I was really impressed. Immediately after that, I suddenly burst into laughter. Of course, she was a woman who looked like an idiot, and she worked her eyes well. It wasn't unpleasant to look into my bare throat from under my unfit makeup. She may have wanted to upset Christophe. But it was entirely instinct. There was no calculation. He laughed, talked cheerfully, and without hesitation or hesitation, he was even more fond of becoming a good boy and a friend. The inside story of the play life, my little miserable things, the boring suspicions of my friends, Zezabel, who is careful not to let her shine-- (She dislikes the actress in the seat and is nicknamed Zezabel. I was talking to him about the mean things. He complained to the Germans. She claps her hands and is amused and is in tune with him. She was originally good and didn't mean to say anything bad, but she naturally did. When he ridiculed someone, he blamed himself for his nastyness, but he did not lose his talent for realistic, humorous observation, which is also characteristic of Southern Europeans. She couldn't do anything about it, and she criticized her. He showed his teeth like a young dog and laughed with his blue lips and lips. Color for makeup | In the pale face that faded, the eyes with dark circles were shining.
The two suddenly noticed that they had talked for more than an hour. Christoph offered to come to Colline-(that was her stage name) -in the afternoon to guide her around the city. She was very pleased with the idea. And they promised to meet soon after lunch.
He went there at the appointed time. Colline was sitting in a small guest room at the inn, reading loudly with a handwritten note. She greeted him with a laughing eye and read the complaint to the end without stopping. After that, I signaled that I should sit beside myself in the comfort chair.
"Give me a call, and I don't mind talking," she said. "I'm just reading back the lines. It'll be okay if it takes fifteen minutes."
She was like a puss who was suddenly rushing in, and while reading it very quickly, she was following the writing with the tip of her nails. He offered to help Ansho. She gave him a note and stood up and repeated. He screamed and repeated the end of the previous phrase many times before moving on to the next phrase. I was shaking from beginning to end while reciting. Hair clasps fell on the people in the room. When I encountered a word that was difficult to remember, I wanted to be impatient like a child with bad discipline. Occasionally, I would say weird swear words and pretty terrible words-very short words that I would throw at myself. Christoph was surprised at her talent and childhood. She found a legitimate and moving dialogue. However, in the midst of his wholehearted tone, he sometimes said words that didn't mean anything. I used to complain like a cute parrot, and I didn't care what it meant. Then it became incoherent and strange. She was fine. When I noticed myself, I twisted myself and laughed. In the end, he said, "Che!", Taken the writing out of his hand, threw it into the corner of the room, and said.
"It's over, it's time for a break! ... Let's go for a walk."
He was a little worried about her line, and asked too much about his concern.
"Did you remember?"
She answered with a certain appearance.
"It's okay. It also comes with a black ward."
She went to the room wearing a hat. Christoph waited, sitting in front of the piano and playing a few chords. She shouted from the room over there.
"Oh, what's that? Please give me more. It's really good!"
She ran with her hat on her head. He continued. She hoped that she would continue even if she did. And she listened enchantedly, with a nice short admiration peculiar to a French lady, sprinkling the songs of Tristan [# "Tristan" as an emphasis] and a glass of chocolate as well. Christoph was laughing. He was distracted by the exaggerated and emphasized words of admiration of the Germans. But both were contradictory exaggerations. One was to make the alcove a tokonoma, and one was to make the alcove a tokonoma. The latter was as humorous as the former. But then Christoph preferred the latter. Because he loved the mouth it came out of. --Coline asked who he was working on. And when he learned that it was his own work, he made a surprise voice. At the meeting that morning, he clearly stated that he was a composer. But she didn't pay any attention to it. She sat beside him and urged me to pull all his work. The walk has been forgotten. There was no flattery towards her. She loved music and had a good instinct to make up for her lack of education. At first he didn't take her seriously and played the easiest melody. But when he stumbled across his favorite passage and found out that she also liked it, even though she didn't say anything about it, he was pleasantly surprised. Whenever he meets a fine musician, the French, the Germans are frankly surprised, and so is he, telling her.
"This is strange. You have a really good hobby. I was totally surprised ..."
Collie or his nose ridiculed him.
From then on, he chose a work that was more and more interesting and difficult to understand, and tried to see how far she would follow. But she didn't seem to be confused by any bold expression. And since people never appreciate it in Germany, I was finally suspicious of myself, especially when I played the new melody, Colline asked me to pull it once, and I stood up myself and almost traced my memory. He was very surprised to sing the song without making a mistake. He turned to her and took his hands wholeheartedly.
"You are a musician!" He exclaimed.
She started laughing. At first, he embarked on an opera in the countryside as a singer, but he explained that he was recognized by the traveling entertainer for his talent for poetry and was directed to that direction. He screamed.
"Terrible!"
"Why?" She said. "Poetry is not one of the music."
She explained the meaning of his song [# "song" with an emphasis mark]. He spoke in German. She even imitated the wrinkles in his mouth and eyes and pronounced them, repeating the words as quickly as a monkey. Then when it was time to recite and sing, I made a strange mistake. When they didn't understand, they both laughed as they created their own words and made a crude sound in their throat. She didn't get tired of having him play, and he didn't get tired of letting her play and listening to her beautiful voice. The voice had no professional skill, and although he sang a little bit like a little girl, he had an indescribable sentimental tone. She said exactly what she wanted. I couldn't clearly explain why I liked or disliked something, but there was always a reason in the criticism. Curiously, she was the most bored in the most classic and most prestigious passages in Germany. She politely made some flattery, but obviously she didn't feel any meaning from such a song. Music lovers and even musicians feel a kind of joy from what they once heard [# aside from what they once heard], and because of that joy they are in old works. He often unknowingly recreates the forms and styles he once loved, or loves them in new works, but she knows that joy because she lacked musical culture. There wasn't. She also had no German preference for a sentimental melody. (Or at least her sentimentality was extraordinary, and Christoph wasn't aware of its shortcomings yet.) She was a little delighted with the slightly softer passages preferred in Germany. >> Did not show. The most mediocre of his songs, Reed-I'm happy that my friends can celebrate him even a little, and I just tell him that, so I want to abandon him. She wasn't distracted by a certain melody that she thought. Because of her dramatic instinct, she preferred a melody that portrayed a certain amount of passion. It was that kind of melody that he valued most. But she showed that she couldn't really agree with some kind of violent harmony that Christoph thought was natural. When she encountered it, she felt a kind of discrepancy. Before I got there, I stopped singing and asked, "Is that really the case?" When he replied so, he finally took the plunge and ran into the difficulty. But after that, she distorted her mouth a little. Christoph didn't overlook it. Also often she wanted to jump over the bar. Then he repeated on the piano.
"I don't like this," he asked.
She frowned.
"No," she said.
"No," he said with a laugh. "It's true. Think about the meaning. It's correct, right here."
(He pointed to the heart.)
However, she shook her head.
"Maybe, but not, here."
(She pulled her ear.)
She also seemed uncomfortable with the exaggerated high-pitched voice of German law.
"Why do you make such a loud voice?" She asked. "I'm the only one. I wonder if it's okay for the neighbors to hear me. Just ... (I'm sorry, I'm angry.) ... It's just like calling a ferry."
He didn't get angry. I was laughing from the bottom of my heart. And he admitted that he was hit a little. He was amused by such an opinion. No one has said that yet. In the end, the two agreed that Roginho most often harms the words of nature like a magnifying glass. Colline asked Christoph to write the music for a play. In that play, she wanted to sing a phrase from time to time and sing along with the accompaniment of the orchestra. He was absorbed in the idea. It was difficult to achieve on stage, but Colline's musical voice was thought to be able to overcome it. And they made a plan for the future.
By the time they came up with the idea of ​​going out, it was almost 5 o'clock. It was early sunset in this season. It was no longer a walk. That night, Colline had a lesson at the theater. No one was able to attend it. She promised him to come to invite him tomorrow afternoon for a scheduled walk.
The next day, the same scene was about to be repeated. As he visited, Colline was sitting in a high stool and hanging her legs in front of the mirror. I was trying out a wig. There was a costumer and a barber by my side. She wanted to make her curly hair a little taller, so she made various orders from the barber. And when I was looking into the mirror, I found Christoph, who was smiling behind me, in the mirror. She showed her tongue out. The barber went out with a wig. She cheerfully turned to Christophe.
"Today," she said.
She presented a piece | cheek to make him kiss. He didn't expect that intimacy. But he didn't waste that opportunity. She didn't really think of the benefits. For her, it was just like a normal "today".
"Oh, I'm happy!" She said. "It's going to work tonight.-(She was talking about a wig.)-I was really sad. I was in trouble when I came this morning."
He asked why.
It was because Parry's barber made a mistake in packing and put in a wig that was not suitable for her role.
"I want to be flat," she said, "the hair is hanging down in a weird way. When I saw it, I really cried as much as I could tears. Hey, Desire. "
"When I came in," Desire said, "I was surprised. My face was gone and I was like a dead man."
Christoph laughed. Colline admitted it in the mirror.
"You're laughing, don't even think about people," she said with anger.
But she also started laughing.
He asked about the state of the training "Keiko" the night before.
"It worked perfectly." The only thing she wanted her to do was to have her lines cut off more, and not her own. ...... The two had a good time talking and part of the afternoon was over. She wore a kimono loosely. I enjoyed listening to Christoph's opinion about his outfit. Christoph praised her and, in French and German, eclectic, frankly stated that she had never seen anyone as "innocent" as her. -She was confused at first, staring at him, and then suddenly burst into laughter.
"Did I say something?" He asked. "Can't you say that?"
"Okay, okay," she said with a laugh. "That's right."
Finally the two went out. Her gorgeous outfit and ok words caught people's attention. She looked at everything with the eyes of a ridiculous French lady, and did not try to hide her impression. She often laughed in front of fashion stores and postcard stores. Sentimental paintings, humorous blatant paintings, laughter, royal family, emperor in red, emperor in blue, German [# "German" by the side] The emperor in old sailor clothes who looked down on the heavens, such things were lined up in a cluttered manner. She laughed in front of a pair of tableware with Wagner's stubborn head and a barber shop with a waxy head in front of her. Traveling with Prussia, the German Confederation, and the naked war god, a patriotic memorial showing the old emperor who wore a cloak and a sharp helmet. Even in front of the tower, she was profanely crazy. I picked up anything weird about people's faces, how they walked, and how they spoke. The victims couldn't help but notice the nasty eyes that were looking at the humorous points. Driven by a monkey-like instinct, she even imitated people's sadness and frowning faces with her lips and nose, without any thought. Or, when I suddenly heard a piece of phrase or word that seemed to have a strange tone, I inflated my cheeks and repeated it. He was happy to laugh without any annoyance to her rudeness. Because he behaved as recklessly as she did. Fortunately, his reputation was no longer a big deal. Although such a walk would completely damage the reputation.
The two went to see the convention hall. Colline wore a high heel shoe and a very long robe, but nevertheless wanted to climb to the top of the belfry. The hem of the long robe was dragged down the stairs and caught on the corner. She was fine. I pulled the clothes regardless of tearing, and pulled up the hem vigorously and continued to climb. I even tried to ring the bell. I scrutinized Victor Hugo's poems on the tower. He didn't understand the meaning at all. She also sang a French folk song. Then, following the Muslims, he imitated the time of prayer-it was about to twilight. The two went down into the synagogue. A dark shadow "Anei" was rising on the big wall. Above the wall was a suspicious "Hitomi" windowpane. When Christoph suddenly saw Hamlet [# "Hamlet" as an emphasis mark], the young woman who shared the pier with the sights was kneeling in the place of worship on one side. She forgot about me in prayer and didn't notice him. He had a sad and sad expression. He was impressed by it. I wanted to say something. At least I wanted to just say hello. But Colline rushed and pulled him.
The two soon broke up. It was a German custom that the show started early, so she had to prepare for it. He went home. Almost immediately, the messenger brought a letter from Colline.
[# Indent two characters from here]
Thank you. Zezabel is ill. The play is closed. Stop practicing "Keiko". …… Hey, welcome. Let's eat rice together.
[# End of indentation here]
[# Two letters up from the ground] From a close Corinette
[# Indent two characters from here]
Then, please bring a lot of music!
[# End of indentation here]
He didn't understand a little. When I finally found out, I was just as happy as Colline. Immediately I went to the inn. I realized that it would be okay for all my friends to eat together. But I couldn't see anyone. There wasn't even Colline. But before long, her noisy and cheerful voice was heard in the back. He started looking for her. I finally found it in the kitchen. She decided to prepare a homemade dish, a South European-style dish with a very scent that overflows in the neighborhood and awakens stones. It was. She was on good terms with a fat housewife at the inn. And together, they were talking a lot of indescribable words that couldn't be spoken in German, French, or black. They were laughing loudly while watching the taste of the food. As Christophe arrived, there was still a lot of turmoil. They tried to kick him out. But he was able to taste the famous dish in reverse. He frowned a little. Seeing that, she described him as a barbaric Teuton and said it was totally useless to break for him.
The two went up to a small guest room together. There was a dining table there. There was only tableware for him and Colline. He couldn't help asking where his companions went. Colline made a calm gesture.
"I don't know."
"Don't you eat together?"
"Yes, it's a lot. Just face to face in the play .... I really have to be with you at the table! ..."
It was totally different from the German custom. He was surprised and amused.
"You guys," he said, "I thought he was a sociable nation."
"That's right," she said, "I'm not sociable."
"Sociable means living in society. Here we have to meet each other. Men, women and children are one of the society from the day they are born to the day they die. It forms a part. Everything is done in society. People eat, sing and think with society. When society squeaks, people squeeze with it. Drink a glass of beer. However, I drink with society. "
"It must be interesting," she said. "I wish I had the same cup."
"It will be intimate."
"That's how intimate! I can be a brother if I like it, and I'm sorry if I don't ... I hate it, it's not society, it's an ant. 》 Nest. ”
"I agree with you, so you can see how I feel here."
"Then come to my country."
That was what he wanted. He asked about Parry and the French. She asked me a lot. It wasn't completely accurate. In addition to the exaggerated bragging habits of Southern European women, there was an instinctive desire to dazzle the other person. According to her, everyone was free at Parry. And in Parry, everyone was | Reiri, so each person used their freedom and no one abused it. I did what I liked, thought, believed, loved, or didn't love. No one had a case for it. There was no one to enter into the faith of others, no one to detect the conscience of others, and no one to suppress the thoughts of others. There, politicians did not interfere with literary arts, and did not share medals, positions, or money with mourning or patronage. There, the name of the association did not affect its reputation or success, and the newspaper and magazine reporters were not acquired, and the literary writer did not self-confess. There, the criticism did not overwhelm the unnamed genius, nor did he become a well-known scholar. There, no matter how valuable success was, it did not justify all the means of obtaining it, nor did it influence the worship of the people. The popularity was mild, polite and kind. The sympathy was really slippery. I was never heard of people's bad words. People were helping each other. No matter how new a person is, if it is worth it, he will always be happy to welcome him and find a flat future. The pure love for beauty was filled with the fair French souls. And their only humorous point lies in their idealism, which allows them to be deceived by other peoples, despite their world-renowned talents. was.
Christoph was listening because he was taken aback. In fact, there were many points to admire. Colline herself was admired while listening to her own words. I completely forgot what I told Christoph the day before about the difficulties of my past life. He didn't even remember that.
However, Colline wasn't just trying to make her homeland loved by Germans. I wanted to love myself too. A night without measles must have seemed a bit ridiculous and humorous to her. She couldn't help playing with Christophe. But that was a waste of time. He didn't even notice. He didn't know what his relatives were. He loved or didn't love. When I didn't love, I didn't even think of love. He had a strong friendship with Colline. He was fascinated by the unusual Southern European nature, his gentle charm, his sunny mood, and his lively and free intelligence. There were, of course, plenty of reasons to love. However, "The wind of a person's heart blows as he is." The wind of his heart did not blow toward him. And imitating romance in the absence of romance was something he never thought of.
Colline was amused by his cold appearance. While he was playing the various songs he brought, she sat beside him in front of the piano, wrapped her bare arms around his neck, and bent over to the keyboard to listen to the music. It was so crowded that I almost stuck my cheek to his cheek. He felt her eyelashes touch, and the mocking corner of Hitomi, his lovely nose, and the fine hair growth of his raised lips. I saw it right next to me. Her lips were waiting with a smile-she waited. Christoph didn't understand the invitation. It was all his idea that Colline was interfering with his performance. Mechanically he withdrew and slid the chair to the side. Soon after, I turned around and tried to talk to Colline, and I saw her laughing and dying. The dimples on his cheeks were laughing. She surely tied her lips and seemed to put up with laughter.
"What's wrong?" He said in amazement.
She looked at him and suddenly began to laugh.
He didn't understand anything.
"Why do you laugh," he asked. "Did I say something strange?"
The more he listened, the more she laughed. When I tried to stop laughing, I laughed even harder at a glance at his upset appearance. I stood up, ran to the easy chair in the other corner, buried my face in the feather futon, and laughed as I wanted. The whole body was laughing. The laughter came to him as well. I went towards her and lightly stuck her back. She laughed to her heart's content, then raised her face, wiped her tearful eyes, and extended her hands toward him.
"You're a really good boy," she said.
"I'm not a particularly bad child."
She was still swayed by the small laughter that came up, and kept digging his hands.
"I'm not serious, a French woman," she said.
(She pronounced her as a woman in France [# "Emphasis mark"].)
"You're making fun of me," he said in a good mood.
She looked at him in a stern manner and shook her hands strongly.
"To your friends."
"Friends!" He said, looking back.
"If this corinette leaves here, don't forget. I don't grudge that this French woman isn't serious."
"And you wouldn't resent it, no matter how stupid this savage Teuton is."
"That's why I like it .... I'm sure you'll come to see Parry."
"Yes, I'm sure ... and you'll send me a letter."
"I swear .... You should swear it too."
"To swear."
"No. That's not the case. I have to get my hands on it."
She imitated Orace's vow. She also promised him to write a song for herself, a melodrama. She intended to perform the French translation in Parry. She was supposed to leave the next day with her companions. He promised to meet the next day until they went to Frankfurt. The two still talked together for a while. She gave Christoph a photo of her almost half-naked body. They broke up cheerfully, hugging like brothers and sisters. And in fact, Colline saw that Christoph loved him well but never fell in love with him, and then he began to love him as a good friend, without romance.
Therefore, neither of them was disturbed in their sleep. He couldn't say goodbye the next day. At that time, he was holding onto a lesson at a concert. But the next day, he went to Frankfurt as promised at his convenience. It was only a couple of hours by train. Colline hardly believed in Christoph's promise. But he was very serious. And he was there at the start of the show. He went to the intermission and knocked on the door of her ready room. She screamed with a delightful surprise and jumped around his neck. I was really grateful that he came. Unfortunately for Christophe, she was surrounded by much more wealthy Jews in the city who could discern her current beauty and future success. People were constantly crowded at the entrance of the room. The door "Tobira" remained half-open, and people with sharp-eyed and heavy faces were coming in and out. They were saying crap in a fierce tone. I was fooling around with them as well as Colline. After that, I talked to Christoph without changing the deliberately arousing tone. He was annoyed by it. Also, I didn't feel any joy in her unfaithfulness when she started to make up in front of her. I felt a deep dislike for the oil powder applied to my arms, throat, and face. As soon as the play was over, he tried to go home without seeing her. However, when he said goodbye to her, apologizing for not being able to attend the midnight snack that was invited after the closing, he showed a very pretty regret. I couldn't push through my decision. She ordered the train timetable and proved that she could still be with her for about an hour-it must be with her. That was what he wanted, not to mention being persuaded. And he lined up for a midnight snack. He didn't show too much fatigue about the trivial things that were being talked about there, and the resentment of the ridicule that Colline was pouring at the random people. I couldn't resent her for such a thing. She was just a strong girl, immoral, lazy, sensual, pleasurable, and always pretending to be crappy, but at the same time, she was very open and very good. And all the shortcomings were natural and healthy, so I had to laugh and almost love them. Sitting in front of her talking, Christoph's cheerful face, shining beautiful eyes, praising an Italian smile-gentleness, agility, grabbing weight and a muffled smile. I was looking at the bulging jaw, etc. He had never seen her so clearly before. A feature reminded him of Ada. Gestures, eyes, a little blatant and sensual cunning-that is, an eternal feminine place. But what he loved among her was the nature of Southern Europe. The generous nature of Southern Europe shows its genius to the fullest, and I am not interested in creating the beauty of the guest and the wisdom of the book, but both physically and mentally. He rejoices in creating a gentle person who should bloom in the light. -When he returned, she left the table and said goodbye to others. The two also hugged each other, repeating the letter round trip and promise of reunion.
He got on the last train and went home. At a station in the middle, a train from the other side was waiting. In the cabin just in front of him-in the third-class car, Christoph admitted the young French woman who was with him in the play of Hamlet [# "Hamlet" as an emphasis mark]. She also remembered seeing Christophe. Both of them were surprised. I gave a silent bow, but I couldn't see my face anymore and didn't move. But Christoph saw at a glance her wearing a small travel hat and an old bag by her side. Still, I couldn't think she was leaving the country. I thought it would be just a few days trip. He didn't know if he could talk to her. He hesitated. I prepared what I wanted to say in my head. And when I tried to open the window in the cabin to speak to her, the whistle of the departure rang. He gave up talking. It took a few seconds for the train to start moving. The two looked at each other. Both of them stuck their faces to the car window in their own cabins and stared into each other's eyes through the darkness that was standing around them. Two windows separated them. If I extended my arms from both sides, my minions might reach me. It was just around the corner. It was very far again. The train started to move heavily. Now that she's parting from each other, she doesn't hesitate anymore and keeps looking at him. They stared at the other's face and didn't even think about dodging the greeting at the end. She gradually got farther away. She disappeared from his eyes. The train carrying her was thrown in the dark. They spent a moment by their side in an infinite space, like two wandering worlds, and perhaps forever, distant from each other in an infinite space.
When she disappeared, he felt the emptiness in his heart from his unknown gaze. He didn't know why. But emptiness existed. He felt the contact of her eyes on his eyes, leaning on a corner of the cabin, drowsy, with his eyelids closed halfway. And to feel it even better, all other thoughts have been silenced. Like the insects flapping on the outside of the windowpane, the vestiges of Colline were flying out of his mind, but he didn't let them in.
When the train arrived over there, got out of the cabin, breathed in the refreshing air of the night and walked down the quiet streets, and finally became clear, he found the image of Colline again. As I remembered her gentle appearance and low-key cheeks, I smiled at the pretty actress with the feeling of joy and irritation.
"I'm a helpless Frenchman!" He muttered with a low laugh, gently wiping his kimono off so that his mother, who was sleeping beside him, wouldn't wake up.
Then, the word I heard in the box last night suddenly came to my mind.
"Some people don't."
Since he first came into contact with France, he was struck by the mystery of its dual nature. But like all Germans, he didn't even want to solve the mystery. Then, thinking about the young woman in the passenger compartment, she repeated without hesitation.
"That woman is not French."
As if it was the role of the Germans to explain what was French and what was not French.
She occupies his heart, whether French or not. He woke up in the middle of the night with a sad feeling. I remembered the bag that was sitting beside that young woman. Suddenly, the idea came to me that she had gone altogether. To tell the truth, the idea should have happened to him from the beginning, but he couldn't think of it. He felt a secret sadness. He fluttered his shoulders in the bed.
"That's what I have to do with it," he thought. "I didn't know."
He fell asleep again.
However, the next day he went out and first met Mannheim. Mannheim called him "Brewhel" and asked if he intended to conquer the whole of France. And he learned from this living newspaper that the box was a huge success and exceeded Mannheim's expectations.
"You are really great!" Exclaimed Mannheim. "I can't even compare."
"What's wrong with me!" Christoph said.
"I'm impressed with you!" Said Mannheim. "I'm envious. I'd like to take the pier and sniff at the Grunebaum guys and invite a French tutor from the house instead ... no, I'd like to give it to me. I couldn't think of it. "
"Are you a tutor at Grunebaum's house?" Christoph said as stunned.
"Yes. Pretend you don't know, pretend to be innocent. I also recommend it .... My dad is no longer soothing. The Grunebaums are very angry. ...... It's not a long story. I've chased away the woman. "
"What?" Exclaimed Christoph, "You kicked me out! ... Did you kick it out for me?"
"Don't you know?" Mannheim said. "Did she not tell you?"
Christoph's heart became dark.
"It's not a big deal, you," said Mannheim, "it's not a big deal, and it's about to happen, if someday the Grunebaums know ..."
"What?" Christoph shouted, "What do you know?"
"That's your mistress."
"I don't even know that woman. I don't even know her name."
Mannheim smiled. The meaning was this.
"You think I'm stupid."
Christoph was angry. I urged Mannheim to believe in my affirmation. Mannheim said.
"That's even more weird."
Christoph rushed to meet the Grunebaums, telling the facts, and telling him to testify to that woman. Mannheim gave it up.
"Hey," he said, "No matter how much you preach, it just makes you believe the opposite more and more. You're going far away. "
Christoph felt sad and tried to find the whereabouts of the young French lady. I wanted to write a letter to her and ask for forgiveness. But no one knew her at all. I asked the Grunebaums, but they were just kicked back. They themselves didn't know where she went, and were fine. Christoph was plagued by the idea that he had done something wrong. It was a constant blame. It was accompanied by a mysterious temptation that quietly shined over him from her disappearing eyes. The temptation and irritability seemed to disappear, overwhelmed by the waves of new days and new ideas. However, it remained unknowingly toward the bottom. Christoph called her a sacrifice and never forgot. I vowed to meet once again. I knew how little hope I had for the reunion. Moreover, I believed that I could always meet again.
Colline didn't reply to the letter he wrote. But three months later, when he wasn't waiting for anything, a forty-word telegram arrived. In it, she scatters joyful and boring things, gives him cute and friendly words, and asks, "You still love each other." About a year later, without any news, I received a piece of a letter-a few cute and funny words-written in a large, childish, winding font, trying to make it look like a lady. And that was all. She hadn't forgotten him. However, there was no chance to think about him.
Still captivated by Colline's charm, and full of thoughts discussed with her, Christophe is for the drama she is supposed to perform while singing a few songs-a kind of poetic | I fantasized about writing music for the drama "Melodrama". This kind of art was once touted in Germany, enthusiastically appreciated by Mozart, and actually tried by Beethoven, Weber, Mendelssohn, Schumann and all other classical musicians, but the decisive of drama and music. It has been completely abolished since the victory of the Wagner faction, who claims to have realized the style. The pedantic Wagner sect wasn't satisfied with just rejecting all the new melodrama, and tried to decorate the old melodrama. They carefully erased the traces of the spoken dialogue from the opera and wrote a self-styled recitative for the works of Mozart, Beethoven and Weber. He thought that he would supplement the thoughts of the master while laying his little foolish works on top of those masterpieces.
Christoph was even more sensitive to the heaviness and a lot of ugliness of the Wagner's scrutiny because he heard Colline's criticism, so he merged words and songs in the play and sang "Recitative". I was skeptical that it would be meaningless and unnatural to combine them inside. It was just like trying to connect a horse and a bird to the same car. Each word and song has its own rhythm. If the author wants to sacrifice one of the two arts to win the one he likes, he can agree. But seeking a compromise between the two arts was at the expense of both. It was hoped that words were no longer words and songs were no longer songs. He wanted the wide flow of the song to fit between the monotonous cuts on both banks, and the beautiful bare limbs of the language to be dressed in heavy, fine clothing that hindered his gestures and walking. Why not leave that free movement to both parties? For example, it was like a beautiful girl who dreamed while walking, following the banks of a stream with a light footstep. The whisper of water shakes her dream, and she unknowingly adjusts the rhythm of her steps to Ogawa's song. Thus, both music and poetry will remain free, and will proceed side by side, mixing their dreams. -Of course, in such a combination, no music was fine, and so was poetry. Opponents of the drama "Melodrama" had a good reason to attack the attempts made so far and the rough sketches with their performers. Christoph had a similar dislike for a long time. The actors only talk with the accompaniment of the instrument, they don't care about the accompaniment, they don't try to match their voice to it, they try to hear only their own words, and their stupidity. Some of the adjustments were only offensive to the musical ears. However, Colline's mellow voice-flowing, chaste, moving into the music like a ray of water, blending with any melody, more like a free-flowing song. The voice-Christoph has been glancing at the beauty of new art since he tasted it.
Probably he was right. But he hadn't had enough experience yet, so trying this new format couldn't be without risk. This form is the most difficult if you want to be truly artistic. In particular, this art requires one essential condition: the perfect harmony of the combined efforts of the poet, the musician and the performer. --Christoph didn't care about that. He jumped into an unknown art that foresaw the law by himself.
His first idea was to put on a musical garment in the Féerie of Shakespeare or in the second act of Faust [# "Faust" as an emphasis mark]. However, all theaters showed a reluctant attitude toward such attempts. It was very expensive and seemed ridiculous. Christoph's technique in music was well recognized. However, having various ambitions in theater caused people to laugh. People didn't take what he said seriously. The world of music and the world of poetry were like two nations that were unfamiliar and secretly hostile to each other. In order to step into the land of poetry, Christoph had to consent to the cooperation of the poet. And even the poet, he had no right to choose. He himself didn't want to choose himself. He was not confident in his poetic hobby. People were persuading me that I didn't understand the poem at all. And in fact, he didn't understand any of the poems that the people around him praised. With his honesty and stubbornness, he struggled to feel the beauty of some of those poems. But the result was always nothing to gain, and I was just a little embarrassed. No, he was certainly not a poet. To tell the truth, I loved some old poets, which was a little comfort. But of course he didn't have a legitimate love. A great poet, whether translated into prose or a foreign language prose, must still be great, and words have other values ​​besides the value of the soul it expresses. He once made a strange opinion that it wasn't. Friends ridiculed him. Mannheim described him as a profane. But he refused to excuse. He saw every day the humorousness of the artists who dared to criticize their non-professional art by the examples of literary figures talking about music, so his incompetence to poetry I was giving up (although I couldn't believe it at the bottom of my heart). And, in this direction, I closed my eyes and listened to the opinions of people who seemed to be more educated than me. So he consented to a collaborator, as his friends in the magazine preached. It was Stephan von Helmut, a poet of the abandoned sect, who brought his own Ifigenia [# "Emphasis Mark"] to him. At that time, German poets-(like French poets) -were in the process of adapting all the Greek tragedy. Stephan von Helmut's work is also a mixture of Ibsen, Homer, Oscar Wilde, and of course a few archaeological essays-that strange Greek-Germany. It was one of the eclectic screenplays. Agamemnon was a memory-debilitated person, and Achilles was a lethargic person. They were mourning for a long time. And of course, their complaints were of no use. All the power of the play was concentrated in the role of Ifigenia. --A nervous, hysterical, and pedantic Ifigenia, he is sick of death after admonishing heroes, talking with violent momentum, and throwing Nietzsche's pessimistic thoughts into the public. However, he committed suicide while laughing.
There was nothing that contradicted Christoph's spirit as much as the abandoned Ostrogothic literary literature in this Greek style. But those around him praised it as a masterpiece. He was cowardly. I was persuaded by everyone's opinions. But to tell the truth, he was full of music and thought more about music than the original. The original text was a riverbed for him to see the waves of his passion. He was far from the state of self-restraint and intellectual selflessness that those who try to translate poetry works into music should have. He thought only of himself, not of the work at all. I didn't even try to adapt to the work. Besides, he was illusory. When I read the poem, I thought it was completely different from what was in it. Just like when I was a boy, I created a work in my head that was completely different from the work in front of me.
It was during the training session that he noticed the actual work. One day when I was listening to one scene, I felt it was so ridiculous that I thought it was because of the actors. Not only did he try to explain the scene to the actors in front of the poet, but he also tried to explain it to the poet who defended the actors. The author, the poet, defended it and said in a nasty tone that he would know what he wrote. Christoph nevertheless insisted that Helmut didn't know anything. However, as everyone giggled, I realized for the first time that I was humorous. In short, he shook his mouth, admitting that he was not the one who wrote those lines. At that time he learned that the work was irresistible and ridiculous. And I was disappointed and disappointed. I wondered why I made a mistake. He called himself a fool and scraped his hair. "You don't know anything, it's not your job, you only have to focus on your music," he tried to calm himself, repeating himself. Was useless. ――He feels embarrassed by the points similar to children's play, the intentional excitement, and the arrogant falsehood of his word-gesting attitude, and he sometimes conducts orchestration. The power to swing the baton was lost. I wanted to hide in the hole of the black boy. He was so frank and unscrupulous that he couldn't hide his thoughts. Friends, actors and authors all took a look at his thoughts. Helmut said to him with a bitter smile.
"This doesn't seem to like you."
Christoph answered honestly.
"I don't really like it. I don't know what it means."
"Then you didn't read it to compose?"
"I read it," Christoph said innocently. "But I was misunderstanding. I was thinking about something else."
"Then I should have written that idea myself."
"I really wish I could write!" Christoph said.
The poet was sick and criticized the music for abdominal healing. He complained that it would prevent him from listening to poetry with disturbing music.
The poet did not understand the musician, and the musician did not understand the poet, but neither the actors nor the musician nor the poet understood it, and did not care about it at all. They were searching all over their roles for complaints that would have the usual effect. Matching the tonality with the musical | rhythm "rhythm" was not a problem. It was as if he was singing out of tune. Christoph bruxed his teeth and screamed the notes hard. But they kept screaming at him, not even understanding what he wanted from them, and kept going calmly.
If the training wasn't very advanced, and if it wasn't controlled by the fear of turmoil, Christoph might have released everything. Mannheim laughed when he revealed that he was disappointed in Mannheim.
"Why?" Mannheim asked. "Everything is going well. You guys don't understand each other? What is that? Is there an example of understanding the work other than the author? Your own work? Isn't it lucky enough just to understand? "
Christoph was suffering from the ridiculousness of poetry. He said his music was poisoned because of the poetry. Mannheim also easily admitted that the poem lacked common sense and that Helmut was "Tonma." But he wasn't worried about Helmut. Helmut was serving a treat and had a pretty woman. Isn't that enough for the criticism world? --Christoph leaned back and said he had no time to listen to the joke.
"What a joke," Mannheim said with a laugh. "Congratulations to the people in the world. I haven't even thought about what's important in life."
And he advised Christoph that he should think only about himself, not so much about Helmut. I advised him to do some of his own advertising. Christoph was indignant and refused. He angryly replied to an expedition reporter who asked for a visit to his private life.
"That's not what you knew!"
Also, when he was asked to take a picture for publication in a magazine, he jumped up and yelled at him, saying that he was not the emperor who thankfully exposed his face to passers-by. It was. --Also, I couldn't connect him to a powerful social circle. He did not accept the invitation. Even if I happened to be forced to consent, I attended in a moody manner, as if I had forgotten to attend or tried to make everyone uncomfortable.
But the worst thing is, two days before the performance, he made a mess with the magazine's doujins.
Naturally something that should have happened. Mannheim was still reviewing Christoph's editorial. And I was fine, and I replaced all the lines of blame with compliments by eradicating them.
One day Christoph met a musician in a guest room. --A pianist proud of his appearance, Christoph was a man who was criticized, but at that time he came to him with a smile and thanked him with his white teeth. He replied violently that he could not be thanked. The other party still insisted, and he was confused and did not stop gratitude. Christoph interrupted the other person's words, saying that it was up to you to be satisfied with the editorial, but it was certainly not written to satisfy you. And I turned my back. The pianist laughed away, calling him kind and difficult. But Christoph suddenly raised a suspicion, remembering that he had received a thank-you business card from another musician he had beaten. He went out, bought a recent magazine at the kiosk, searched for his editorial, and read ... At first, I thought I was crazy. Next, I understood the situation. Then, with intense resentment, he rushed to the editorial office of Dionysus [# "Dionysus" as an emphasis mark].
Waldhaus and Mannheim were there and talking to a friendly actress. They didn't even ask why Christoph came. Christoph threw the magazine onto the table, calling him a stupid boss, a boss, and a forger, without a chance to breathe, and brute force the chair. He slammed them on the floor and questioned them with extraordinary fierceness. Mannheim burst into laughter. Christoph tried to kick it from behind. Mannheim ran away behind the table, laughing angry. However, Waldhaus countered him with great urgency. In the midst of the turmoil, I tried to tell him that I didn't want him to speak in such a way, and that I would eventually realize it. And I presented my business card. Christoph threw the business card back to his nose.
"I'm going to take a lot of trouble .... I know your name because I don't have a business card. You're a cunning bastard and a forger. Do you think I'm going to duel with you? ... Punishment, so You have a lot! …… ”
His voice was heard even in the traffic. People stopped and listened. Mannheim closed the window. The visiting actress was afraid and tried to escape. However, Christoph was blocking the doorway. Waldhaus sighed and held his breath, while Mannheim mumbled and sneered, trying to answer together. But Christoph didn't let them talk. I poured everything that seemed to be the most insulting. And after I was out of breath and had no bad words, I finally left. Waldhaus and Mannheim could speak out only after he left. Mannheim soon returned calmly. The swearing slipped over him, just as water slipped on the wings of a duck. But Waldhaus had a grudge. His face was humiliated. And what made the insult even sharper was the presence of spectators. He could never forgive. All the magazine folks agreed with him. Only Mannheim still did not hate Christophe. He enjoyed Christoph to his heart's content. I thought that the fun was enough to make up for the four or five bad words I received. It was a really interesting farce. Even if I was the main character, I wanted to start laughing first. So he intended to shake hands with Christoph as if nothing had happened. But Christoph was even more resentful. And he refused all the offers. Still, Mannheim didn't care. Christoph was a toy, and he was then intrigued by all the interests. He had already begun to shift his mind to other dolls. From the next day, all the relationships between the two have disappeared. Nonetheless, Mannheim said they were best friends when Christoph's rumors came out in front of him. And perhaps he believed so.
Two days after the fight, it was the first day of Ifigenia [# "Emphasis mark"]. It was a failure at all. Waldhaus magazine praised only poetry and didn't say anything about music. I was overjoyed in other newspapers and magazines. I laughed and blamed him. The one was withdrawn in just three days. However, the ridicule did not stop so suddenly. People were happy because they had the opportunity to ridicule Christophe. And Ifigenia [# aside from "Ifigenia"] became an endless laugh for several weeks. It was known that Christoph no longer had a defensive weapon. People were taking advantage of it. The only thing that made everyone a little understated was his position in the court. The Grand Duke repeatedly gave his opinion to him, and he didn't care about it at all, so the relationship between the two was rather chilly, but he was still visiting the official residence. And although it looks bigger than it really is to the general public, it has received a kind of public protection anyway. ――But even with that last support, he decided to destroy himself.
He suffered from bad publicity. The notoriety was not only for his music, but also for his thoughts on the form of new art. People didn't try to understand it. (It was easier to ridicule it in order to ridicule it.) Christoph said that the best response to malicious accusations was to create without any excuse. I didn't have the wisdom to think that it was going to continue. Since a few months, I've been in the bad habit of not having to answer any unjustified attacks. So he wrote an editorial that wouldn't forgive his enemies at all. And I brought it to two newspapers. However, the thoughtful newspaper company returned to him with ironic politeness, apologizing for not being able to publish it. Christoph was stubborn. I remembered the local socialist newspaper that I once asked for help. I knew one of the editors. Sometimes we talked together. Christoph was happy to find someone who was free to speak out about power, the military, and oppressive old-fashioned prejudices. However, the story of the two could not go deep. Because discourse with socialists always falls for Karl Marx, but Marx was absolutely irrelevant to Christophe. Moreover, Christophe, in the discourse of a free-thinker-a man who is also a materialist he does not like very much-is a pedantic sternness and ideological tyranny, power. He found secret worship, militarism in the opposite sense, but it didn't sound very different from what he hears every day in Germany.
However, when he saw another editorial office closing the door to himself, he came up with the man and the newspaper. He also thought that such means would be controversial. The newspaper was fierce, hateful, and constantly banned. But Christoph hadn't read it, so he couldn't think of the bravery of thought that was scary to him, and the inferiority that he should hate. Also, he was so fierce that he saw other newspapers suffocating him over insidious collusion, so even if he was more familiar with the situation, he probably You wouldn't care. I wanted to show people that it wasn't easy to get rid of. --So he brought an editorial to a socialist newspaper. Then he raised his hands and was welcomed. The next day, the editorial appeared. And while the newspaper reported in exaggerated terms, with the help of the talented youth master Kraft, his ardent sympathy for the demands of the working class was well known to the public.
Christoph did not read the commentary or his editorial. Because that morning, just Sunday, he went out for an outdoor walk from dawn. It was a really sunny feeling. Watching the sunrise, he screamed, sang and danced. There were no magazines anymore, and no longer responsible for criticism. The time was spring. The most beautiful music of heaven and earth of all music was restored. The dim music venue with a stuffy smell, the unpleasant audience next door, and the boring musicians have disappeared. I heard a mysterious song coming from the whispering forest. And on the field, the mellow spirit of life passed by breaking the epidermis of the earth.
He came back from the walk with a bright and ringing head. Then, my mother gave me a letter from the official residence while I was absent. The purpose of the letter, written in a form that no one could tell, was that Mr. Kraft wanted to visit the official residence this morning. --The morning has already passed. It was close to one time. Christoph didn't care much.
"It's too late," he said. "Let's tomorrow."
However, my mother was worried.
"No, no, I can't delay seeing His Highness. I have to go right away. It seems to be an important task."
Christoph fluttered his shoulders.
"Is there something important to those people that is important to you? ... I would like to hear your musical opinion. It's fun! ... Siegfried Meyer (Note--) Siegfried Meyer made himself whimsical to compete with the German satirists [Seine Majesta: t], the nickname used to refer to His Majesty-the emperor-with his friends. You want to make something like a hymn [# aside from "Ozil's Hymn"] and show it to others. I will not forgive you. Let's say this. Do politics, in politics your Highness is your master. It's always a good idea. But in art, be careful. Once in the art, neither the plume, the helmet, the military uniform, the money, the title, the ancestors, the military police, nor the Highness. ...... Then, how about what remains from His Highness? "
Good Luisa took everything seriously and gave her arms to heaven.
"Don't say that! ... You're a madman, you're a madman ..."
He took advantage of his mother's belief, and was worried and amused. But in the end, Luisa realized she was being teased because there were so many lawless words. She turned her back.
"It's a really helpless person."
He laughed and hugged his mother. I was in a bad mood. While taking a walk, he found a fine "theme". Like a fish in the water, I felt the joy dancing in me. I didn't try to go to the official residence until I had a meal. I devoured it like a hungry demon. Luisa then oversaw his grooming. Because he started to tease her again. He said it was okay to leave worn clothes and dusty shoes. Still, he whistled like a thrush and imitated each orchestration instrument, changing clothes and brushing his shoes. After that, my mother took a look at him and tied the collar decorations neatly. He was slower than ever. Because I was happy with myself-and that was rare. While going out, he said he was going to kidnap Princess Adelaide. It was the daughter of the Grand Duke and was pretty pretty. He is married to a small German aristocrat, but has returned to his parents for several weeks. Once upon a time, Christoph was a child and once showed some sympathy for him. And he liked her. Luisa claimed he was in love. And he was in love, jokingly.
He didn't even try to go to the official residence early, he wandered in front of the store, stopped at the traffic and stroked the familiar dog's head. Like him, the dog was carefree and yawned alongside Hinata. He jumped over the useless iron fence "Tetsusaku" around the square of the official residence. -In a lonely wide square land, surrounded by buildings, there are two fountains that are drowned in water, separated by a single diameter like a wrinkle on the forehead. There were two flower beds of the same shape without shade. Sand was agitated on the diameter, and orange trees of wooden bowls "Kibachi" were lined up on both sides. In the center of the square, a statue of the unknown Grand Duke, dressed in Louis Philippe style, stood on a pedestal with a virtue-shaped decoration in the four corners. The only walker on the bench was dozing with the newspaper spread out. At the iron gate of the official residence, there were useless pickets and others sleeping. Behind the stupid groove on the hill in front of the mansion, two sleeping cannons were yawning above the sleeping town. Christoph laughed at the tip of those things.
He entered the official residence but did not try to take an official attitude. At most I had just stopped scrutinizing. The optimism "Gakuso" continued to dance. He threw his hat on the front table and approached the old man at the reception, whom he had known since he was a child. -(The old man was already in that position from the night when Christoph first visited the official residence with his grandfather and met Hasler.)-The old man was Christoph's somewhat rude joke. I used to answer well, but at that time, he showed an arrogant appearance. Christoph didn't hesitate about it. Then he went a little further back in the waiting room, where he met a document office official. He was a man who talked actively while always showing him how he was dear. However, he was surprised when the man hurried past, avoiding talking. But he didn't care about them and went on and asked for guidance.
He went in. The lunch was just over. His Highness was in the guest room. With the fireplace behind me, I was smoking while talking to the guests. Among the guests, Christoph admitted his [# "emphasis mark"] princess. She was smoking too. Then he leaned back on the armchair, and spoke loudly to the officers around him. The meeting was lively. Everyone seemed very happy. Then Christoph went in and heard the Grand Duke's widespread laughter. But when Christoph caught his eye, the laughter stopped. He screamed and screamed directly at Christophe.
"Oh, you came. Which face did you come in? Are you going to make a fool of me? You're really a bad guy."
Christoph was stunned by the shell that he received in front of him, and couldn't say a word for a while. He was only thinking about his late arrival. There was no reason to see the violent eyes of being late. He muttered.
"His Highness, what did I do?"
Your Highness did not listen. I rushed forward.
"Shut up. I will not be insulted by the bad guys."
Christoph struggled to get clogged with his throat and couldn't speak while becoming blue. He worked hard and shouted.
"Your Highness is unjust ... unjust, what insults me without telling me what I did."
The Grand Duke looked back at the private clerk. The private clerk took a newspaper out of his pocket and presented it to the Grand Duke. The Grand Duke was in a terrible rage. It wasn't enough just because of the angry nature of the example. A mellow liquor was also added. He came in front of Christoph and stood up, screaming as a bullfighter shook his cloak, shaking his unfolded wrinkled newspaper violently in front of Christoph's face.
"It's a filthy act .... It suits you well to put your face in something like this."
Christoph learned that it was a socialist newspaper.
"I don't think it's bad," he said.
"What, what!" Exclaimed the Grand Duke. "Unscrupulous! ... This shameless newspaper insults me every day | I'm swearing at me ..."
"His Highness," said Christoph, "I have never read the newspaper."
"Don't lie!" Exclaimed the Grand Duke.
"I don't want to be told I'm lying," Christoph said. "I haven't read it. I'm only involved in music. And wherever I write it, it's my right."
"You only have the right to shut up. I was too kind to you, even though your misbehavior and your father's misbehavior had a reason to drive you away. I have benefited your family. I forbid you to continue writing in newspapers that are hostile to me. And again, whatever it may be, I will write without my permission in the future. Generally forbidden. There's a lot more in your musical brushstrokes. It's time for those who have my protection to attack everything that is precious to those who have hobbies and hearts, to the true Germans. I don't allow you to crush. You should write fine music. If you can't do that, you should devote yourself to the scale and practice. I don't want a musical bevel that confuses and rejoices. We thankfully know what's good. To know that, you have to wait for your preaching. No, so you should go to the piano, and I want you to keep us in peace. "
He was full of fertilizer, faced with Christoph, and looked at the other person's face with insulting eyes. Christoph lost his color and wanted to speak. The lips were moving slightly. He mumbled.
"I'm not your Highness's slave. Say what you want to say, write what you want to write ..."
He was holding his breath. I was just crying with shame and anger. Both feet were trembling. Kata | While suddenly moving his elbow, he turned over the furniture on the side of his furniture. I clearly felt that my appearance was strange. I could hear laughter. Looking at the back of the guest room, the figure of a princess watching over the fight while avoiding the ironic words of pity "Renbin" with the people nearby is vaguely seen as if it is beyond the fog. Entered. Since then he has lost an accurate awareness of what is happening. The Grand Duke was screaming. Christoph was screaming even higher, not knowing what he was saying. A secretary and an official came towards him and tried to silence him. He pushed them away. I mechanically grabbed an ashtray from the furniture that was hanging on my back and swung it around while listening to my mouth. I heard what the secretary was saying.
"Come on, let it go, let it go ..."
And I heard the irresistible words I was screaming and the sound of hitting the edge of the table with an ashtray.
"Get out!" Said the Grand Duke, screaming terribly fiercely. "Get out, get out. I'll kick you out!"
The officers came by the Grand Duke and tried to calm him down. The Grand Duke of Stroke was screaming to get this unsolicited man out, with his eyes exposed. Christoph turned bright red in front of his eyes. I tried to get the general Masa to eat the fist Genko on the nose of the Grand Duke. However, I was overwhelmed by the confusion of various contradictory emotions. Shame, rage, or some remaining in him, such as Kyoda, Germanic loyalty, traditional respect, and submissive habits in front of the prince. He wanted to speak, but he couldn't. I wanted to do it somehow, but I couldn't do that either. I didn't see anything anymore, I didn't hear anything. I was pushed out and went out.
He passed through the middle of the cold servants. They came up to the door and listened to all the quarrels. It seemed that it would take him a lifetime to walk thirty to get out of the waiting room. The corridor became longer as we moved forward. I felt like I couldn't get out ... The outdoor light seen through the glass door over there was a heavenly salvation for him ... He stumbled down the stairs. I didn't realize I wasn't wearing a hat. The old man at the reception called him and took care of his hat. Only with all his might, he left the official residence, crossed the courtyard, and returned home. I was holding my teeth. When I opened the door of the house, my mother was afraid of his face and shivering. He avoided his mother and did not answer any questions. I went up to my room, closed the door, closed it, and went to bed. My body was so trembling that I couldn't even take off my kimono. I was short of breath and my limbs were totally weak. …… Ah, I don't see anything, I don't feel anything, I don't have to maintain this miserable body, I don't have to fight a lowly life, I'm afraid If I was lost, I fell in love with no breathing or thought, and it no longer existed anywhere! He finally took off his kimono, threw it on the floor, jumped into the bed, and even sneaked into his eyes. There was no noise in the room. I could no longer hear only the sound of a small iron bunk quivering on the stone floor.
Luisa was listening at the door. I knocked on the door, but it was useless. I called it quietly. There was no answer. She waited, noticing the quiet appearance. Then I went away. I came back once or twice that day and listened. I did that in the evening before going to bed. The day has passed and the night has passed. The whole house was quiet. Christoph was trembling with heat. I shed tears from time to time. I got up in the middle of the night and put a fist on the wall. Around 2 am, suddenly driven by a violent feeling, I got out of bed half-naked, covered in sweat. I wanted to go kill the Grand Duke. He was suffering from hatred and shame. I was struggling both physically and mentally. ――I couldn't hear this storm at all outside. No one word or one sound leaked. He clenched his teeth and locked everything in himself.
The next morning, he came down as usual. I was terribly tired. He didn't say anything. My mother couldn't even ask. She already knew from a rumor in the neighborhood. All day he sat in a chair in the corner of the fireplace, bent over like an old man, and was annoyed and silent. And when I was alone, I silently shed tears.
In the evening, the editor of the socialist newspaper came to see me. Of course he knew the case and wanted to hear more about it. Christoph was impressed with his visit and frankly understood that it brought sympathy and apologies from those who put him in danger. From my self-esteem, I didn't regret anything. And I inadvertently talked about everything in my heart. It was a tribute to him to speak to a man who hates oppression as much as he did. The other person made him talk. In that case, I saw an opportunity to get a slanderous article that was convenient for the newspaper. He expected that he would at least supply the material, if Christoph didn't write the article himself. Because, after such a rupture, the court musician Christoph believes that his fine proficiency as an argumenter and even more valuable palace secretaries will serve for "principle". It was. He wasn't a man who pretended to be a deliberate refrain, so he offered it blatantly without any skill. Christoph suddenly said "Gaizen". He asserted that he would not write anything, and that all his attacks on the Grand Duke could be easily understood as an act of my revenge, and that he was not free and risked. He insisted that he should be more modest now that he is free than when he was announcing his thoughts. Reporters did not understand any of those cautious feelings. He judged Christoph to be a rather narrow and monk-smelling man. I thought that Christoph was particularly afraid. He said.
"Then leave it to us. I'll write it. You don't have to do anything."
Christoph asked me not to say anything. But there was no way to do that. Moreover, the reporter said the case was not related to Christoph alone. The insult extended to the newspaper, which had the right to revenge. Christoph couldn't reply to it either. All Christoph could do was seek a statement that he would never abuse a confession he made as a friend, not as a reporter. The reporter gave the word without any fuss. Still, Christoph wasn't relieved. I noticed that I did something careless, but I couldn't make it anymore. -When he was alone, he shook himself, remembering everything he said. Immediately after I thought about it, I took the pen and wrote a letter of begging to the reporter, telling me not to repeat the story I had broke. -(Unfortunately, he repeated a part of the story himself in the letter.)
The next day, he hurriedly opened the newspaper with frustration, and the first thing he read was his long story on the first page. Everything he said the day before was out there, and it was very exaggerated, undergoing a special transformation that everything would receive when passing through the head of a newspaper reporter. The article attacked the Grand Duke and the court with a vile taunt. One of them was so close to Christophe that it was clearly known only to him, so it couldn't be helped to think that the entire article was written by him.
Christoph was struck by the new blow. As I read, cold sweat ran down my face. After reading, I was crazy. He wanted to rush to the newspaper. But my mother kept him for fear of his violence. It was no wonder my mother was afraid. He himself was afraid of it. I felt like I could be ridiculous if I went. And he stayed home-to do other ridiculous things. He wrote an angry letter to the reporter, blamed the act with insulting words, canceled the article, and broke off with his companions. The cancellation did not appear in the newspaper. Christoph wrote a letter to the newspaper and urged him to publish his letter. Then, on the night of the press conference, he sent me a copy of the first letter he wrote, and instead a copy of the letter that proved the article. I asked if I should announce it as well. Christoph felt that he had fallen into their hands. On top of that, he also unfortunately met that unscrupulous visiting reporter in traffic. He couldn't help but say contempt for the reporter. The next day, the newspaper put up an insulting column and wrote that the court servants were still stubborn even if they were kicked out. There was no doubt that it was about Christoph, by the words that subtly preached the recent case.
When it became clear to everyone that Christoph no longer had any support, a large number of enemies that he had never thought of suddenly appeared. All those who have been directly or indirectly hurt by him, either by personal accusation or by attacking his thoughts and hobbies, have immediately taken offense and revenge with interest. A group of large public, who Christoph tried to awaken from the senses, was pleased with the punishment of this arrogant young man who attempted to reform public opinion and prevent the good man from sleeping. I looked at it with my heart. Christoph was in the water. Each of them tried their best to push his head down.
They didn't jump at him together. Someone first attacked to find a position. Christoph did not respond, so he attacked further. Then others came along. Then the whole corps went on. Some have joined the turmoil just for fun, like a young dog who is amused by leaving filth in a beautiful place. It was a separate corps of incompetent newspaper reporters. They were totally ignorant, and they were the ones who sweared at the winner and cursed the loser in order not to let people know about it. Others have taken the weight of their insistence and have become ridiculous. Nothing was left after they passed. Great criticism-a critique of the slaughter.
Fortunately, Christoph didn't read those newspapers. A loyal four or five friend sent me with caution, the most poisonous. But he kept it on the table and didn't even want to open it. But finally his eyes stopped at the thick red line drawn around an article. When I read it, his song "Lead" resembles the roar of the beast, his symphony "Symphony" has a taste that originates from the convulsions "Tenkyoin", and his art is hysterical. It was written that his convulsive harmony was an attempt to deceive the dryness of emotions and the emptiness of thought. The prominent critic concludes:
[# Indent two characters from here]
As a news reporter, Mr. Kraft recently proved that his style and hobbies are amazing, and shouted out to the music world, "Kaisai". At that time he was intimately advised to rather immerse himself in the composition. But his recent musical creations have shown that this favorable recommendation is false. Mr. Kraft should have been a news reporter by far.
[# End of indentation here]
Christoph read it and couldn't work all morning, but he was still disappointed and began to search for other hostile newspapers. However, under the pretext of "cleaning up", Luisa had a habit of getting rid of all the clutter, and burned those newspapers. He got angry at first, but then he was relieved. He gave the remaining newspaper to his mother and said that he should have baked it as well.
He also suffered other painful insults. I sent a manuscript of the quartet "Catur" to a famous music company in Frankfurt, but it was unanimously returned without any explanation. The overture, which was supposed to be played by the Cologne Orchestra, was sent back as unplayable after months of waiting. I was even more terrified by the town orchestra. Conductor Eufrat, who conducted this orchestra, was a fairly fine musician. But like many conductors, he had no mental curiosity. He was poisoned by the laziness peculiar to the orchestra. -(Or rather, I had good health.)-Laziness was to repeat endlessly if it was already a well-known work, and to avoid all truly new works like fire. He never got tired of hosting big concerts such as Beethoven, Mozart and Schumann. In those works, all I had to do was leave myself to the sound of the familiar rhythm. On the contrary, the music of the present generation was unbearable to him. But he couldn't confess that he was, and said he would welcome all the young talents. As a matter of fact, he gave it a great deal of favor when he brought a piece of work built on an old model-a copy of a work that was new fifty years ago. He even boasted to play and listen to the audience. It did not disturb the customs that worked, nor did it disturb the customs that would impress the audience. On the contrary, I felt a mixture of contempt and hatred for anything that could break that beautiful practice and put him in a new position. When the reformer had no chance to leave the unnamed position, the disdain was stronger. When the reformer was in danger of success, he became hatred-until he was completely successful, of course.
Christoph wasn't very successful yet. It was still quite far from that point. So he was very surprised when it was indirectly proposed that Mr. Eufrat had an intention to play something in his work. The conductor was a close friend of Brahms, and he knew well that he was a close friend of several other musicians who criticized him, and there was little reason to expect it. But he was so nice that he thought his enemies had the generous feelings he could have. Seeing himself in distress, he imagined that they wanted to prove that they didn't contain a lowly grudge. And I was impressed by it. He sent a symphonic poem to Eufrat to acknowledge the truthful syllabary. From the other side, I got a reply in the hands of a secretary. A cold but polite letter, telling him that he had just received what was sent, the symphony will soon be distributed to the orchestra in accordance with the rules of the orchestra, and will be given a general trial before the public performance. He added that he should try it. The rule was a rule. Christoph couldn't help but obey. And again, this rule was merely formal and was used to avoid the work of annoying music lovers.
A few weeks later, Christoph learned why his own audition was going on. As a general rule, all hearing was prohibited, and even the author could not stand. However, the attendance of the author was generally tolerated. You just shouldn't show that you're the author. Everyone knew the author but did not know it. Then, on the fixed day, Christoph was invited by a friend and guided into the hall to occupy a seat in the back of a box. However, he was very surprised to see that the venue-at least the seats below-was almost full, even though it was a forbidden audition. A lot of music connoisseurs, quiet people, and critics gathered, and it was a little noisy. The orchestra was supposed to be unaware of their presence.
First of all, Brahms's rhapsody "Rhapsody" consisting of the next treble "Alto", male chorus and orchestra, which deals with a passage of Goethe's winter Harz travelogue [# "Winter Harz travelogue" is a side point], is performed. It was. Christoph, who was reluctant to feel the sentimental nature of this work, forcibly listened to a song with profane criticism by Brahms people, and gave a polite revenge. I thought that I was going. With that in mind, I couldn't help laughing. After the rhapsody "Rhapsody" was over, the other two songs of the well-known musicians he opposed began, and his pleasant mood was still solicited. I felt like I could clearly understand their intentions. He couldn't hold back the frown and eventually thought this was an interesting fight. He was amused by the ironic cheers of the audience, who were so impressed with Brahms and his sect.
It was finally the turn of Christoph's symphony "Symphony". He saw that his attendance was known, as some gazes were directed towards his pier from the orchestra and the flats. He hid in the back. He waited. At the moment when the conductor of the conductor was raised, the river water of music overflowed in silence, and the general Masa tried to break the embankment, he felt a kind of painful feeling that every musician felt. He had never heard his work in orchestration. How will the creatures he dreamed of survive? What is their voice? He felt them scream in himself. Looking into the abyss of the sound, he quivered and waited for what came out of it.
What came out was an unnamed one, a strange kneading work. The chords collapsed one after another, like an abandoned mud building, rather than a solid column that should support the gable of the Hall of Fame. Nothing was found other than the dust of the plaster. Christoph couldn't believe that his work was being played. He searched the line of his thoughts for the rhythm. I couldn't tell it anymore. The idea went on steadily, talking about incomprehensible things, like a drunkard holding onto a wall. He was embarrassed as if someone had seen him in that state. Even though I knew it wasn't what I wrote, it didn't help. When a stupid spokesman makes his words worse, one is a little skeptical and surprised to ask if he is responsible for the stupidity. However, the public is never suspicious. He believes in familiar spokespersons, singers, orchestras, as if he believes in a reading newspaper. There can be no mistakes in the spokespersons. They say crap because the author is crap. And in this case, the audience was more and more unsuspicious because it was fun to believe so. --Christoph noticed the messed up performance of the conductor and tried to assume that he would stop the orchestra and start over. The instruments were no longer ringing together. The horn deflected the blowout machine and was left behind by one bar. I kept blowing for a few minutes, but then I stopped and made a hole in the place. Some expressions with oboe have completely disappeared. For a very skilled ear, it was completely impossible to find a line of optimism or imagine any optimism. Both the mystery of the instrument arrangement and the humorous wisdom became clown due to the messy performance. It was irresistibly stupid. It was the work of a molester clown who didn't know music. Christoph scraped his hair. He wanted to stop playing. But the friend he was with stopped him. The conductor himself will identify and correct the mistakes in the performance-and Christoph also preached that he should not show up and that any caution would have the worst consequences. And I pulled Christoph into the back of the box. Christoph obeyed as he was told. However, he was stroking his head with a fist. He moaned with resentment and anguish when he heard a new way of playing strangely.
"Livestock! Livestock! ..." he was groaning. And he clenched his hands in his mouth so as not to scream.
Then, the hustle and bustle of the upset audience echoed toward him with a false musical tone. At first it was just a little buzz. But eventually Christoph was no longer in doubt. They were laughing. The orchestral musicians gave the suggestion. Some musicians didn't hide their laughter at all. Since then, the audience has laughed out loud, convinced that it was a work to laugh at. A pleasant mood spread to the general public. The mood was further doubled by the repetitive, highly rhythmic motives of the double bass's ridiculous harmonics. However, only the conductor was self-reliant and continued to beat in incoherent performances.
Finally reached the end. -(The best ones all have an end.)-It was the audience's turn. The audience burst. It was a pleasant explosion that lasted for a few minutes. Some whistled and some sarcastic cheers. The most nifty guys shouted "| once again" bis "". One bass "bass" echoed from one corner in front of the stage, and began to imitate the clown theme. The other playful guys also imitated it, not losing. Some shouted, "Author!" --These talents haven't seen such interesting eyes for a long time.
After the turmoil subsided, the calm conductor turned his face toward the audience about three-quarters, and pretended not to see the audience-- (the audience still saw that they were not there. It was done) -I gave a signal to the orchestra and showed why I wanted to say a word. People shouted, "Shhh!" And everyone shut up. The conductor waited for a while. Then I opened my mouth. ―― (It was a clear, cold and well-passed voice.)
"You guys, if you didn't want to see someone who dared to add a delusional criticism to Brahms, I wouldn't let you play this kind of thing [#" this kind of thing "as an emphasis mark] to the end. I wouldn't have done it. "
He said so. Then, while jumping off the stage, he left with the cheers of the boiled place. People tried to call him once too. The cheers continued for a minute or two. But he didn't show up again. The orchestra was leaving. The audience also decided to leave. The concert is over.
It was a wonderful day.
Christoph was already out. As soon as he saw the vile conductor move away from the music stand, he jumped out of the box. I ran down the stairs on the second floor in order to catch the conductor and skip the side "Yokotsura". A friend who was with him chased him and tried to stop him. But Christoph was about to push his friend away and almost rush down the stairs. -(There was a reason to believe that the man was the same kind of person who fell into a pitfall.)-For both Eufrat and Christophe, the door to the stage "Tobira" Was closed. When Christoph struck with anger, it didn't open. In the meantime, the audience began to leave the seats. Christoph couldn't stay there. He ran away.
He was unnamed. Like a madman, he shook his arms, shook his eyes, spoke loudly, and walked without a hitch. He was holding back the screams of wrath. There were few people on the street. The music venue was built the previous year in a newly opened area on the outskirts of town. Christoph just instinctively crossed the wasteland with isolated huts and wooden scaffolding in an attempt to escape towards the countryside. He was murderous. I wanted to kill the man who added such an insult to me ... But would killing the man change the malice of all those people? Their ridicule was still echoing in his ears. They were so many that he couldn't help. They all agreed to humiliate him and crush him-although he disagreed with many other things. It was completely incomprehensible. They hated him. What on earth did he do to all of them? He had something beautiful in himself that was good for others and pleasing to the heart, and he wanted to talk about it and entertain it to others. I thought they would be as happy as they were. Even if they couldn't taste it, they should at least be grateful for his intentions. At the very least, they should have been able to take close care of his misconceptions. But instead of doing so, what does it mean to distort his thoughts, insult and trample them, laugh at him, and indulge in nasty joy? He was so angry that he still exaggerated their hatred. He also imagined the seriousness that those mediocre guys couldn't get.
"What did I do to them?" He sobbed. He had a child, and he felt like he was breathing, like when he first learned of human malice, and felt that everything was no good.
Then, when I looked around and looked at my feet, he noticed that he came out to the edge of a stream in a water wheel shop and came to the place where his father drowned a few years ago. And the idea of ​​drowning and wanting to die suddenly arose. He immediately tried to jump in.
However, when I was confused by the quiet eyes of the water, Hitomi, a tiny little bird started singing on a tree near me-I started singing. He listened silently. The water was whispering. I could hear the battle of wheat at the time of flowering, which was undulated by the soft breeze. Hakuyoju was shaking. Beyond the roadside rattan, there was a nest of bees in the garden, which was invisible to the eye, and the fragrant music was fluttering in the air. On the other side of the stream, a cow with beautiful eyes with an agate-colored border was dreaming of a fascinating cow. A blonde girl sits on the edge of a wall, with her winged little angel-like light basket on her shoulders, and her bare feet hanging around to sing a meaningless song. While singing, I was still dreaming about it. In the ranch far away, a white dog was flying around in a big circle ....
Christoph was leaning on a tree and looking at and listening to the spring-filled land. I was caught in the peace and joy of those things. I forgot, I forgot ... Suddenly he hugged a beautiful tree with cheeks in his arms. I threw myself on the ground. I buried my head in the grass. He was laughing hard, laughing happily. All the beauty of life, the charm of grace, wrapped and infiltrated him. He thought. "Why are you so beautiful, and are they-humans-so ugly?"
It doesn't matter! He loved life, he loved it. He felt that he would always love life and that nothing could take his life away. He was absorbed in hugging the earth. He was embracing life.
"I have you. You belong to me. They can't take you away from me either. Do whatever you want. Make me suffer ... To suffer, it's still to live! "
Christoph started working bravely again. Those who are often named "literatures", literary artists, futile talkatives, newspaper journalists, critics, artistic charlatans and merchants, no longer want to have any relationship with them. It was. I also didn't want to kill time by attacking the prejudices and jealousy of musicians. Did they not want him? -Okay, he didn't want them anymore. He had a job to do. Do it. The court released him. He was grateful for it. He was grateful for the hostility of the people. From now on, I could work quietly alone.
Luisa sincerely agreed with him. She had no ambitions. It wasn't the craftsman's temperament. He didn't look like Christoph's father or grandfather. He didn't want any honor or reputation for his son. She must have been pleased when he became wealthy and famous. But if those gains were to be paid too unpleasantly, it was much better for her not to get involved with them. She was more worried about Christoph's disagreement with the court than in the case itself. And at the bottom of my heart, he was delighted to have a fight with the magazine and newspaper guys. She had a redneck distrust of unscrupulous newspapers and magazines. Being involved with them was just a waste of time and a source of human disgust. She sometimes heard the magazine's coterie, Aoni, talking to Christophe. And I was afraid of their badness. They criticized everything and said terrible things about everything. The more terrible I said, the more satisfied I was. She couldn't love them. They were certainly extremely relentless and scholars. But he wasn't a good person. And she was now pleased that Christoph wouldn't see them anymore. She agreed with Christoph's opinion that they had something to do.
"They should say, write and think about me," Christoph said. "They can't prevent me from being myself. Their art, their thoughts, what it will be to me. I'll deny it!"
It is extremely exciting to deny the world. However, the world is not easily denied by the youth's Zhuang languages. Christoph was serious. But he was confident and didn't know himself well. He was not a monk. I wasn't willing to abandon the world. Especially, I wasn't that old. He didn't suffer much at first. I was absorbed in composing. And while the work continued, I didn't feel any shortage. However, when it was time for Shochin, which continued from the completion of one work to the deprivation of another new work, he looked around and was terrified of his loneliness. It was called "Zhan". He wondered what he wrote for. That question doesn't arise while I'm writing. You just have to write. That is out of the question. However, next, I meet the work that was born. The strong instinct that caused the work to spill out of the elephant has been silenced. I don't know why the work was born anymore. It's hard to recognize myself in the work. It's almost a stranger. I want to forget it if I can. Moreover, it is impossible to forget until the work is announced or performed, and without getting a unique life in the world. Until that time, the work is a baby kid tied to the mother's body, a living thing with studs attached to the living body. In order to survive, you have to cut it. The more Christoph composed, the greater the pressure on those creatures born from him, who could neither live nor die. Who will release him from this oppression? A secret force was driving those children of his thoughts. Like the persistent seeds carried by the wind and spreading into space, they were eager to move away from him and spread into other souls. Does Christoph have to shut himself up in production? He must have been indignant if that was the case.
Every exit-both the play and the concert-was closed to him, and he didn't want to give in under any circumstances enough to make a new application to the once rejected managers. Now, there was only a way to publish what I wrote. However, he couldn't be confident that it would be easier to find a bookstore that publishes his own work than an orchestra that plays his own work. I tried a few very poor exercises, but it was already clear. Rather than encountering new rejections or discussing with those merchants and putting up with their guardian attitude, he took the vanity press approach. It was a madness. He had a small amount of savings from court salaries and concerts. But now that all of those resources are exhausted, it may take a long time to find other sources. Being cautious enough, the small savings that should help in the immediate difficult times had to be saved. Not only did he not do that, but his savings weren't enough for publishing, so he was willing to borrow. Luisa couldn't say anything. She thought he was a gunless gun, and wasn't sure why she was spending money to see her name on the books. But it was one way to calm him down and keep him at hand, so she was very happy with it as long as he was happy.
Christoph chose from the manuscript a series of very unique works that he was very attached to, without releasing a well-known kind of reassuring song to the world. It was a piano song, with a mix of songs, from very short popular ones to very intricate and almost dramatic ones. The whole formed a series of sad impressions, sometimes fun and sometimes, and those impressions were naturally continuous and should be played sequentially with piano solo and solo or with accompaniment. "Because," Christoph said, "When I dream, I don't always confess what I feel. I don't say it in words, I suffer and rejoice. But I do it. There are moments when I can't help saying it, and moments when I can't help singing without any thought. Sometimes it's just vague words, unrelenting complains. Sometimes it's just a vague word. Sometimes it's a cohesive poem. Then I start dreaming again. That's how the day goes by. And in fact, what I wanted to express was the day. Why a song or Do you collect only preludes? There is nothing so unnatural and inconsistent. You have to try to convey the free movement of the soul. " I named it "Emphasis Mark". Each part had a subtitle that briefly showed a series of inner dreams. Christoph wrote a secret dedication sentence, acronym, date, etc. there. It is something that only he knows and reminds him of the poetic times of the past, or of his loved ones, such as the smiling Colline, the weak Sabine, and the unknown young French woman. It was reminiscent of the vestiges.
In addition to the work on the right, he chose only thirty songs from the song "Reed" -the ones he liked the most and the public didn't like the most. I chose the most unique one, being careful not to choose the most "melody" melody. ―― (As you know, the world is always very afraid of "unique" things. Those without personality are more like them.)
Those songs "Lead" were written based on the phrases of the old Silesia poets of the 17th century. Christoph had read it in the popular series "Sosho" and loved its sincerity. In particular, the two poets seemed close to each other like brothers. Both were rich in humanity, but both died at the age of thirty. One was Paul Flemink, a funny poet who attempted a free journey to the Caucasus and Ispahan and did not lose his pure, affectionate and pure soul in the savagery of war, the sorrow of life and the corruption of the times. A person. One is Johann Christian Guntel, a genius who is a genius, who wanders in the wind and burns himself to drinking drinking and despair. Christoph drew from Guntel a cry of challenge and revenge irony against the enemy god who overwhelmed him, and Titan's terrifying curse that threw Raiden back into heaven while being overthrown. It was. And from Flemink, a song of love that is fragrant and gentle like a flower approaching Anemone and Basilene-and a clear and fun song of the heart, "Tantreed", a star Rondo-and Christoph's morning prayer "Kitou" He fetched the tragic and calm short poem "Sonnet", which was "#" to "to himself"] to himself who had been praying like this.
The pious Paul Gerhardt's gentle optimism also fascinated Christophe. It was a rest for him, out of sorrow. He loved that clean illusion of nature in God. On the banks of a stream singing on the sand, in white tulips and daffodils, a fresh ranch where birds of the narcissus are walking proudly, swallows with big wings and pigeons The clear air where the swallows are flying, the joy of sunlight through the rain, the shining sky laughing in the clouds, the harshness of the evening, the clearness of the forest, the livestock, the rest of the town and the fields, He loved such things. He reluctantly converted many of those chants still sung in Protestant churches into music. And I was careful not to leave its hymn character. It wasn't just about leaving behind. I changed it to a terrible nature. I gave them a free and lively look. The deciding old Gerhard is the devilish arrogant heart that is now emanating from a passage in his Christian traveler's song [# aside from the Christian traveler's song] and his summer song [# It must have been shivering at the pagan pleasure of seeing the peaceful flow of "Summer Song" as if it were a devil.
Finally published. Of course, it was a publication that was out of the ordinary. The bookstore where Christoph had self-published the song [# "Emphasis Mark"] and deposited the book was chosen by him because he was just a neighbor. I wasn't ready for such an important job. Printing took months. There were many typographical errors, and calibration was expensive. Christoph was totally unfamiliar, so everything cost him about a third more. The deposit was far more than expected. Then, when that was done, Christoph had a plethora of copies in his arms and didn't know what to do. The bookstore wasn't good at it. I didn't take any steps to spread the book. The carelessness also fits well with Christoph's attitude. Christoph replied that he asked him to write a few lines in the ad to make him happy. "I don't like advertising. If you only have music, it should be an advertisement." The bookstore respected Christoph's will. And I stowed the books in the back of the store. It was well preserved. Because I couldn't sell a single book in half a year.
Christoph had to do something to fill the hole in his little fortune, waiting for the public to come. And I couldn't say anything difficult. I had to live and pay debts. Not only was the debt greater than expected, but it turned out that the savings he had relied on were less than his budget. Did you spend the money unknowingly, or-although this was much more enviable-did you make a mistake in the calculation? (Once he couldn't make an accurate addition.) But anyway, it doesn't matter why he was short of money. Not enough money, that was certain. Luisa had to squeeze blood to help her son Musuko. He felt a painful blame and tried to pay off his debt as soon as possible no matter what he did. He began looking for the mouth of the lesson Keiko. It was a pain to be refused when I applied. His reputation had fallen to the ground. It was very difficult to find a few disciples. So when I heard that a school had a job, I was overjoyed to accept it.
It was a semi-religious school. The principal was an agile person, not a musician, but he knew that with Christoph's current situation, he could do it for a very cheap amount of money. He was amiable but stingy. When Christoph argued, the principal smiled kindly and said that Christoph no longer had a public title and couldn't demand any more.
It was a work I couldn't do. Rather than teaching music to the students, it was to fantasize themselves and their parents that they knew music. The most important thing was to train them to sing for rituals that allowed the general public to attend. I didn't care about the method. Christoph has become disgusted. I couldn't even get the award to think that I was doing a useful job while doing my job. In my heart, I felt guilty as hypocrisy. He tried to educate the children more reliably and to let them know and love serious music. But the students didn't care about that. Christoph couldn't hear his thoughts well. He lacked authority. And in fact, he wasn't the kind of person who educated children. They didn't sympathize with the traffic. I immediately tried to explain the theory of music. When giving the piano lesson "Keiko", he imposed Beethoven's symphony "Symphony" on the students and played four hands with them. Of course, I couldn't have done that. He got angry and drove the student off the piano, instead pulling him alone for a long time. --The same was true for individual disciples outside of school. He had no patience. For example, to a cute daughter who is proud of being an aristocrat, she says she will play like a maid, or she will write a letter to her mother and say that she is no longer teaching, and this is incompetent. He told the person that if he had to be involved with him, his life would be shortened. ――It didn't work because it was like that. Even a few disciples were separated. I couldn't hold a disciple for more than two months. My mother added an opinion to him. I promised him that he wouldn't quarrel at least with the school he got a job at. Because if I lose that position, I no longer know the way to life. So he was reluctant to put up with it. I kept the time as an example. However, if a tongue-in-cheek student makes a mistake twice, or if he has to teach his class a tasteless chorus for the next concert, he will give his thoughts. There was no way to hide it. (He wasn't even left to choose the song. His hobby was suspected.) He wasn't supposed to teach very enthusiastically. But he was silent and stubborn, slamming on the table to astonish the students, holding back his inner resentment. But sometimes it was too bitter. He couldn't stand it anymore. He stopped singing in the middle of the song.
"Oh, that's okay, okay. I'll pull Wagner."
The students were hoping for it. They played karuta behind him. Then there was always a student telling it to the principal. Christoph was then told that he was out of school not to make his students like music, but to make them sing. He trembled and was reprimanded. However, he accepted it. I didn't want to quarrel. -A few years ago, when he showed that his future was brilliant and promising that he would fall into such a humiliating breach when he began to become something of value (what he then did). Who could have imagined at that time?
In his job at school, he suffered a lot of self-esteem, but it was still a tough job for him to visit his colleagues obligatory. He randomly visited them. And I was so reluctant that I didn't have the courage to continue my visit. The two, especially those who were visited, did not appreciate it, but others thought they were personally insulted. Everyone was looking at Christoph at his present, both in terms of position and ability. And he had a guardian attitude towards him. And because he seemed so confident about his opinion and himself, that idea was transmitted to him as well. He felt like he was a fool when he was by them. Didn't you find anything to tell them? They were full of their duties and saw nothing else. They were not humans. At least it was good if it was a book. But they were book commentators and word commentators.
Christoph avoided the opportunity to be with them. But sometimes I couldn't get away with it. The principal was visited once a month in the afternoon. And I wanted all my friends to get together. Christoph secretly lacked the first invitation without telling him, thinking that he wouldn't understand even if he was absent, but the next day, he was eaten by a disgusting quibble. Next time, my mother made me decide to go. And I reluctantly went out to go to the funeral.
When I went in, teachers from my school and other schools in the town were gathering with Hosono and my daughter. They were squeezed into a guest room that was too small, forming a group by class, but did not pay any attention to him. A group beside him was talking about child education and cooking. All of the teachers, Hosono, knew some cooking methods and were stubbornly talking as scholars. The men also remembered the problem as a hobby and showed almost no inferior brain power. They were also proud of their domestic abilities, and they were proud of their knowledge of the good man, Oops. Christoph is bored and irresistible, leaning against the wall of the window, not knowing what to do, trying to smile vaguely, or squinting his eyes and pulling his face to become gloomy. It was. A few steps away, a young woman sat at the counter, no one could talk to her, and she was just as bored as he was. Both were looking into the hall and did not admit each other. After a while, I noticed it for the first time when both of them became irresistible and turned around to yawn. Just then, the two eyes met. The two looked close to each other. He stepped closer to her. She whispered to him.
"Is it interesting?"
He turned his back toward the hall and showed his tongue out while looking at the window. She laughed. Immediately I noticed and signaled me to sit by my side. The two got closer. She was Reinhardt's teacher, Hosono, who was in charge of natural history lectures at school. The couple have just arrived in this town and no one knew yet. She wasn't very beautiful. His nose was thick, his teeth and teeth were unpleasant, and there were few neat and clean parts. Only his eyes were lively and quite agile, and he had an innocent smile. She talked a lot like a magpie. He also answered cheerfully. She was funny, straightforward, and full of weird tongues. The two laughed and talked loudly about their impressions, regardless of the people around them. People nearby didn't mind their existence while it was the work of mercy to rescue them from isolation, but when they started talking, they looked dissatisfied. Began to throw. Playing so much was a hobby ... However, human speculation was indifferent to the two talkative families. The two were doing the previous distraction.
Finally, Mrs. Reinhard introduced Christophe a good man, Oops. He was a terrible ugly man. His face was blue, with no beard, pockmarks, and mercy. However, it looked very good. He uttered a voice from the back of his throat, rested between the sound spellings, and pronounced the words in a sloppy and traumatic way.
The two of them got married a few months ago. And these two ugly men and women were in love with each other. Even among most philtrums, they had a kind of affection for meeting, talking, and holding hands-it was humorous and urgent. What one person likes, and one person likes it. Soon they offered Christoph to drop in and have a midnight snack on the way home from this invitation. Christoph began to be cautious, jokingly. He said it's best to go home early tonight and go to bed. He said he was disappointed as if Juri had been walked. However, Mrs. Reinhard replied that this should not be the case, and said that it was dangerous to spend the night with such a reluctant feeling. Christoph broke me. He was lonely, so I was really happy to meet these good guys, who were not very classy but simple and kind.
The small interior of the Reinhardt family was as generous as they were. It was a somewhat talkative heart, a heart with various resignations. He spoke on furniture, utensils, and plates, reiterated the joy of welcoming "dear guests," asked for his health, and gave him welcoming and moral advice. Anraku | A small quilt, Hanebuton, was laid on the chair, which was also very stiff, and the quilt was whispering intimately.
"Please do it for only 15 minutes!"
The coffee bowl 《Jyawan》 served by Christophe was recommended to drink as well.
"Please take a bite!"
The treat plate "Feast Zara" added morality to the fine dishes. One plate was saying.
"Think about everything, otherwise nothing good will happen."
Also said one plate.
"Love and gratitude please people. Anyone dislikes gratitude."
Christoph didn't smoke at all, but the ashtray above the fireplace wasn't going towards him.
"A small resting place for lit cigarettes."
He tried to wash his hands. Then the soap on the dressing table said.
"For our dear guests."
And a straightforward towel, like a very polite person who thinks he has to say something when he has nothing to say, is a very sensible but not very appropriate idea, "Morning. You have to get up early to have fun, "he cautioned.
"Morning time contains gold in the mouth."
Christoph couldn't look back anymore, afraid to hear the various other voices echoing from every corner of the room while hanging on his chair. Wanted to tell them.
"Don't shut up, damn it! I don't understand what you guys say at all."
Then he suddenly got a big laugh. He gave a painful explanation to the husband and wife, saying that it was because they remembered the previous school gathering. I didn't want to offend them under any circumstances. Besides, he wasn't very sensitive to humorous things. He soon became accustomed to those items and the talkative friendliness of the people. What would have been difficult for them? They were really good people. He wasn't a disgusting person. Although he lacked hobbies, he did not lack intelligence.
They were a little at a loss in this land that had just arrived. The unbearable suspicion of a small city in the countryside did not allow others to enter without formally begging for the honor of being a member. The Reinhards were not fully aware of the rural practices that govern newcomers' obligations to their predecessors in small cities. Strictly speaking, Mr. Reinhardt was fairly mechanically submissive. However, the wife was reluctant to take on such a role and was reluctant to be cramped, and extended it day by day. I chose the one that seemed most comfortable from the list of people to visit and did it first. Other visits have been postponed endlessly. Well-known people in this latter category resented such rudeness. Angelica Reinhardt-(who was familiarly called Lili by the good man Oops) -was a rather free-spirited woman. I couldn't get the ritual tone. He called on people in higher positions to become familiar with them. Then they got angry and turned red. In some cases she wasn't afraid to go against their words. She was extremely talkative and wanted to say anything that came to her mind. Sometimes people laughed at me from behind, saying something too ridiculous. He also sometimes bought a deep grudge, saying a blatant irony that stabbed his lungs. When I wanted to say such a nasty word, I tried not to bite my tongue and say it. But I couldn't make it in time. A very warm and respectful good man often gave her modest attention to this. She hugged him and said she was stupid and the words were justified. But soon after, she repeated again. In particular, when and where some things were most unspeakable, she immediately uttered it. If I didn't say it, my body might tear. -She was made to get along with Christoph.
Of the many weird things she wanted to say because she shouldn't say it, she repeated an unreasonable comparison between what was done in Germany and what was done in France. She was born in Germany-(no one was as German as she was) -but she was attracted to Latin civilization because she grew up in Alsace and had a relationship with a Frenchman in Alsace. Many Germans, and even those who seem to be the most stubborn, cannot resist the charm of Latin civilization in the annexed region of France. By the way, since Angelica married a German in the north and entered a purely Germanic environment, her charm would have been even stronger for her because of her repulsion.
From the first night she met Christoph, she brought up her usual theory. She praised the lovable freedom of French conversation. Christoph also sang an aizuchi. For him, France was Colline. Beautiful shining eyes, a smiling youthful mouth, a free attitude without hunger, a very good voice. He was dying to know more about it.
Lili Reinhardt was very pleased to take action because he agreed with Christoph very well.
"I'm sorry," she said, "I don't have any young French friends here anymore, but I couldn't help it. I went away."
The image of Colline disappeared immediately. As if the fireworks had disappeared and the gentle deep light of the stars suddenly appeared in the dark sky, other features and other eyes appeared.
"Who is it?" Asked Christophe. "Are you a young tutor?"
"Eh!" Said Mrs. Reinhardt, "Do you know?"
The two described the woman's appearance. Both were the same.
"You know the woman," Christoph repeated. "Please tell me what you just know."
Mrs. Reinhardt started talking because they were close friends and had a relationship with each other. But when I went into the details, her so-called everything turned out to be boring. The two first met at another person's house. Mrs. Reinhard asked the young woman for dating. And with the usual kindness, I invited him to come and talk. The young woman came a couple of times. And the two talked. But it was not so easy for the curious Lily to know a little about the life of the young French lady. The other side was very modest. I had to draw out my story little by little. Mrs. Reinhardt knew exactly that she was named Antoinette Jannan. She had no fortune. As a family, she had a younger brother who remained in Parry, and she devotedly helped her. I was constantly talking about my brother. It was only in that story that she expressed some emotions. And Lili Reinhardt gained the trust of Antoinette, showing merciful sympathy for the young man who remained alone in Parry with no parents or friends and was in a dormitory at a junior high school. Oops. Antoinette accepted employment abroad in the middle to subsidize his brother's education. But the two merciful young men could not live apart from each other. I wrote letters every day. Even though the waiting letter was a little late, both were sickly worried, and Antoinette was constantly hurt for his brother. My brother didn't always have the courage to hide the sadness of loneliness from his sister. His complaints echoed in Antoinette's heart with a tearing strength. She was heartbroken to think that her brother was suffering and often imagined that she was ill but was hiding it. The good Mrs. Reinhardt had to kindly blame her many times for those unreasonable fears. And I was able to reassure her for a while. --The wife couldn't know anything about Antoinette's family, status, or even her heart. When asked a little, the young woman was terribly shy. She was educated. He seemed to have more experience than his age. She was simple and enlightened, reverent and non-fantasy. I wasn't happy to be in a family without the dexterity and warmth of this land. --Mrs. Reinhardt didn't know why she left the land. According to people's rumors, he was misbehaving. Angelica didn't believe it at all. He firmly believed that it was an abominable slander worthy of this stupid and evil town. However, there were various stories. But I don't care about such a story.
"That's right," said Christoph, fired.
"But I've finally gone."
"And what did you say at the time?"
"Oh, I didn't have the opportunity," said Lili Reinhardt. "I was just going to Cologne for two days, when I came back ... it's too late! ..." she said, interrupting her words and giving the citron to the tea to the maid who brought her too late. It was.
And, with the innate rigor that the genuine Germans showed to the family affairs, she sternly added.
"Most of the time, it's too late!"
(I didn't know if it was a citron or a broken story.)
She kept saying.
"When I came back, I received a short letter. I thanked him for all the things I did and said he was going back to Parry. I didn't write down my address."
"Why don't you just send me a letter?"
"Yes, nothing."
Christoph once again imagined that sad face disappearing in the middle of the night. The last eye I saw looking through the train window appeared in front of him for a moment.
The French mystery was submitted again to the relentless "Shitsuyo". Christoph never got tired of asking Mrs. Reinhardt, who claims to know France. And Mrs. Reinhardt taught him everything, even though she had never been to France. Reinhardt was a fine patriot, ignorant of France better than his wife, full of prejudices against France, and sometimes broke his humble attitude when his wife was so impressed. Mrs. continued to insist even more violently. And even though Christoph didn't know anything, he was with it from the heart of trust.
For him, what was even more precious than Lili Reinhardt's memory was her book. She had a small library of French books. There were school textbooks, novels and screenplays that were randomly bought. For Christoph, who wanted to know about France but didn't know anything about it, those books seemed like treasures when Reinhardt kindly left it to him.
He first started reading from the old compilation "Hensan" book for school and from the excerpts. It was useful for Lili Reinhardt and his good guys when he was a student. Reinhardt assured him that if he wanted to break into French literature, which he knew nothing at all, he would have to start first. Christoph respected those who knew French literature better than he did, and obeyed his words honestly. And I started reading that night. He first tried to get an overview of his treasure.
He learned of the following French writers. Theodor Henri Barraud, Francois Petty de la Croix, Frederick Baudley, Emile Durelo, Char Auguste Desire Philon, Samuel Decomba, Prosper Ball. He read the poems of the following people: Rev. Joseph Rail, Pierre Racine Bodie, Duke of Nivernoir, Andre van Assel, Andrew, Mrs. Kore, Mrs. Salm Dick Constance Marie, Henriette Oral, Gabriel Jean Baptiste Ernesto Wilfried Luguve, Ipolit Violo, Jean Lebourg, Jean Racine, Jean de Veranze, Frederick Bechar, Gustave Nado, Edouard Prouvier, Edouard Manuel, Hugo, Milvois, Chenedre, James Lacourt Drator, Felix Chavannes, Francis Edouard Joisin or Francois Copee, Louis Belmonte. Christoph wandered into the flood of those poems, drowned and sank, and moved to prose. There were the following people there. Gustave de Molinari, Fresier, Ferdinand Edouard Buisson, Merimee, Maroo Blanc, Voltaire, Lame Fleury, Father Duma, Jean-Jacques Rousseau, Mézière, Mirabeau, De Motherd, Clarty, Coltan Vale Second generation and Mr. Vogue. The most frequently quoted French historian was Maximilian Sanson Frederick Sher. Christoph found the declaration of the New German Empire in such a French masterpiece. Then, after reading the description of Germans written by Frederick Constant de Rougemont, he was taught the following.
[# Indent two characters from here]
Germans are born to live in the world of the soul. They don't have the hustle and bustle of the French. They probably have a soul, and their affection is gentle and deep. First of all, I don't plan and bend. The most moral people and the longest-lived people. Germany has a large number of writers and a genius of art. While the people of other nations are honored to be French, British and Spaniards, the Germans embrace all mankind in their fair and selfless love. Also, by being in the center of Europe, the German people seem to be the heart of mankind and the highest reason.
[# End of indentation here]
Christoph was tired and surprised, closed the book and thought.
"The French are all good boys. Not very sharp."
He picked up other books. It was also a little expensive and was meant to be used for higher schools. Mussey occupied three pages and Victor Druy occupied thirty pages. Lamartine was close to seven pages and Thiers was close to forty pages. Le Cid [# "emphasis mark on" Le Cid "] was all-almost all. (However, Don Dieg's monologue and Rod League's monologue were so long that they were cut off.)-Ranfrey was swearing at Prussia's opposition to Napoleon I. So there was no page limit for him. He alone took more than the entire 18th century classic landlord. Many stories about France's defeat in 1870 were taken from Zora's demolition [# "emphasis mark"]. And there were no Montagne, La Rochefoucault, La Bruyère, Diderot, Stendhal, Balzac, Frobel, etc. Instead, Pascal, who did not appear in the previous book, appeared in this book as a rare person. Christoph then learned that the fanatic was "one of the priests of Paul Roayar, a girls' school near Parry." (Note: The French literary masterpiece that Jean Christoph borrowed from the collection of his friend Reinhardt's family was as follows: 1. St. John, Ph.D., Ph.D. in Philosophy in Strasbourg, France for junior high school Literary essay [# Aside from "French literary essay for junior high school"], Intermediate 2nd, 7th edition, 1902, published by Dumont Schoberg. , French Literature [# Aside from "French Literature"], 1904 Brunswick Edition.)
Christoph tried to throw everything away. My head was dizzy. I didn't understand anything anymore. "It's a forever tour," he thought. I couldn't put together any opinions. I was messing around with pages for hours without knowing the future. He couldn't read French freely. Understanding a very broken passage, it was usually a meaningless Zhuang language.
In the meantime, several rays of light, such as swashbuckler, sharp words, and brave laughter, came out of the chaos. Gradually, from that rudimentary reading, an impression emerged, perhaps due to the tendency of the compilation. German publishers have chosen to concentrate on what the French's shortcomings and German excellence can be confirmed by the French's own proof. However, they dreamed that what an independent spirit like Christoph would then clearly see would be the amazing freedom of those Frenchmen to blame all of them and praise their enemies. I didn't do it. Michelet praised Frederick II, Nonfrey praised the British in Trafalgar, and Schallers praised Prussia in 1813. None of Napoleon's enemies could speak of Napoleon so harshly. Even the most respected things did not deviate from their slanderous spirit. Even at the time of Louis XIV, the poets of the wig were talking about what they wanted. Moliere didn't miss anything. La Fontaine was ridiculing everything. Boileau was blaming the aristocrats. Voltaire despised the war, attacked religions, and ridiculed his country. Life critics, satiricals, commentators, and humorous writers were all competing for cheerful or gloomy boldness. It was generally a lack of respect. Honest German publishers were sometimes upset about it. Feeling the need to reassure their conscience, they tried to excuse Pascal, who threw the cook, the laborer, the soldier, and the graduate into the same bag. Pascal argued with a note that he must have made such a statement if he knew of the modern noble army. In addition, Lessing corrected the story of La Fontaine, and according to the opinion of Rousseau, who was born in Geneva, turned Mr. Karasu's cheese into a piece of poisoned meat, and for that purpose he killed the sneaky fox. It should be bad [# "Emphasis mark" should be bad], "Obekamo", you only get poison [# "You get only poison"], " They couldn't help but bring it out.
They blinked their eyes in front of the naked truth. But Christoph was pleased. He loved the light. But he also felt a little anxiety here and there. He was not accustomed to such arrogant independence. To the Germans, who are the most free but still accustomed to discipline, it seemed anarchy. Moreover, Christoph was confused by the irony of the French. He took something too seriously. Also, what was a definite denial seemed to him a joke paradox. But anyway, he was gradually attracted, though he was surprised and uncomfortable. He stopped classifying the various impressions. It moved from one emotion to another. Was alive. The cheerfulness of the French story-a story in which Chamfort, Segur, his father Dumas, Merimee, etc. are messed up-has made his spirit brilliant. And from time to time, from one page, the strong and rough scent of various revolutions stood up with a swelling scent.
Near dawn, when Luisa, who was sleeping in the next room, woke up, she saw light leaking through the gap in the door of Christoph's room. She hit the wall and asked him if he was ill. A chair squeaked on the floor. The door was open. Christoph then appeared with a solemn and humorous, strange appearance, with a shirt in his hand, a candle and a book. Luisa stood up on the bed, thinking she was crazy. He laughed and shook the candles to read a passage from Moliere. I laughed in the middle of a certain phrase. I sat under my mother's bed to take a breath. The light was trembling in his hands. Luisa was relieved and kind.
"What's wrong, what's wrong! Let's go and sleep .... Well, I'm really stupid."
However, he said more and more in a good mood.
"I hear this."
And he sat down on the pillow head and had him reread the script from the beginning. He felt like looking at Colline. I felt like hearing her exaggerated tone. Luisa disagreed.
"Come over there, if you come! You'll catch a cold. No, don't you sleep?"
He continued to read as stubborn "cancer". He raised his voice, moved his arms, and laughed out of breath. I asked my mother if it was nice. Luisa turned her back to him, sneaked into the nightwear, and closed her ears.
"Don't worry about me ..."
However, she was laughing low when she heard his laugh. At last she stopped going against her. Christoph finished reading the act and asked if it would be interesting, but he didn't reply, so he bent over her and looked into her, and she was already asleep. So he smiled, gently put his lips on her hair, and returned silently to his room.
He went out to withdraw Reinhardt's collection. All books were borrowed one after another out of order. Christoph swallowed everything. He wanted to love the country of Colline and that young lady so much that the messenger had a lot of excitement to take advantage of. Even in second-rate works, a word on a page seemed like a bunch of free air. He exaggerated it himself, especially when talking to Mrs. Reinhardt. Then Mrs. was always even more crazy. She didn't know anything about it, but she liked to contrast French and German culture, fry the former and defeat the latter, and anger the good guy Oops, and in this small city. I was trying to heal my stomach for the things I didn't want to receive.
Mr. Reinhardt was indignant. Beyond his professional discipline, he was a step away from the ideas taught at school. According to him, the French are clever, practically obscene, amiable, and knowledgeable in discourse, but frivolous, impatient, and proud. Those who can't get serious, can't get strong emotions, and have no sincerity-no music, no philosophy, no poetry (poetry [# aside from "poetry"] The people (except for Belansee and Francois Copee) were the people of emotion and exaggeration, exaggerated words and obscene books. Reinhardt didn't have enough words to curse the immorality of the Latin race. And since I couldn't find a good word, I always repeated the word "light" [# "emphasis mark"]. It had a specially unwelcome meaning when it came to his mouth, as it did to many of his countrymen. Then, surely, there came a rule of thumb to praise the noble Germans-the moral people (in this respect the Germans are superior to all others [# "in this respect the Germans are other" "It is superior to all nations," Heldel said.)-A loyal nation (this loyal [# "faithful" morality] is serious, faithful, fair, honest, etc. It had all meanings) -as Fichte said-the excellent people-the power of Germany, a symbol of all the justices and truths-German thought-German soul "Gemuute" -with the German people themselves Similarly, it is the only unique word and the only word that has been preserved in its purest form. German-German lady, German liquor, German song ... "Germany [#" Germany "is a side point], Germany that is better than everything in the world [#" Germany that is better than everything in the world "is a side point]! "
Christoph defended. Mrs. Reinhard shouted. All three talked loudly. But they understood each other well. All three knew well that they were good Germans.
Christoph often came and talked, ate and took a walk with these new friends. Lili Reinhardt patronized him and served him a delicious treat. She was pleased to find such an excuse to satisfy her own health. She had a lot of emotional and culinary attention. On Christoph's birthday, he made a large steamed candy, put a lot of candles on it, and put a small sugar doll dressed in Greek clothes in the middle. This doll was supposed to represent Ifigenia and had a wreath. Christoph was a German from the ground up, disliked being a German, so I was very impressed by the less elegant way of showing true affection.
The Reinhardt and his wife, who have a good temperament, were able to find a more subtle way to show their positive friendship. Reinhardt, who had hardly read the score, was encouraged by Hosono to buy about 20 copies of Christoph's songbook [# "Songbook"). -(It was the first to be bought from a publishing bookstore.)-Reinhard sent it to various university-related acquaintances and acted throughout Germany. I also sent a certain number of copies to Leipzig and Berlin Bookstore, which are related to my own textbooks. Christoph didn't know anything about it, but such an impressive and poor approach didn't bring any reaction, at least for the time being. The songbook sent to the people did not seem to reach the target. Nobody said anything about it. And the Reinhards were disappointed by the lack of response and were pleased to hide their efforts in Christophe. Because if he knew about it, he would mourn even more than he would inspire. ――But in reality, as you can see every time, nothing is wasted. No effort ends in the sky. I don't know the result at all for several years. However, one day, it appears that the intention has been fulfilled. Christoph's songbook [# aside from the songbook] is too timid to say that to the hearts of some good people buried in the countryside. It gradually reached the hearts of the people who were singing.
There was only one person who sent him a letter. A few months after Reinhard sent the book, a letter arrived to Christophe. An old-fashioned letter that was touching, ceremonial, and intoxicated, from a small town called Zuringen, "University Music President [#" University Music President "side point], Professor [#" Professor "side point], Dr. Peter Schultz [# "Dr. Peter Schultz" is a side point] "was signed.
Christoph had forgotten it for two days with it in his pocket, but when he finally heard it at the Reinhardt family, he was very pleased. It was even more pleasing to the Reinhardt and his wife. The three read it together. Reinhard gave a meaningful signal to Hosono, but Christoph didn't notice. Christoph seemed to feel radiant. Suddenly, however, Reinhardt saw his face cloudy and abandoned while reading.
"Why did you quit?" He asked. (The two were already in the same language.)
Christoph was angry and threw a letter on the table.
"No, this is not so much," he said.
"what?"
"Read it."
He turned his back to the table, went to one corner and made a swelling face.
Reinhardt found only the most ardent praise he read with Hosono.
"I don't know," he wondered.
"You don't know, you don't know ..." Christoph shouted, picking up the letter and putting it in front of him. "Then you can't read it? Don't you know that this is also Brahms?"
At that time, Reinhardt finally noticed that the university music president was comparing Christoph's song with that of Brahms in a line of letters ... Christoph mourned.
"I finally found one ally, one ally .... and when I thought I got it, I lost it! ..."
He was indignant at the comparison. If left alone, he might have immediately given a stupid reply. Or, if you think about it for a moment, you might think that it would be wise and elegant to not answer at all. Fortunately, Reinhardt and his wife were amused by his moody, but tried not to imitate him. And I let him write a word of gratitude. However, the word written with a frown was a cold and unfriendly one. Still, Peter Sheltz's intoxication was unwavering. He still sent a few letters full of affection. Christoph wasn't good at writing. The tone of sincerity felt in the text of the unknown friend eased my mind a little, but stopped the message. Schultz has also been silent. Christoph didn't think about it anymore.
Now, he meets Reinhardt and his wife every day, and often meets several times a day. I usually spent the night together. As he spent the day thinking alone, he felt a physical desire to speak. I wanted to say something in my head, even if it wasn't understood, laugh for whatever reason, vomit in my heart, and be carefree.
He played music to them. There was no other way to thank him, so I spent hours playing the piano. Mrs. Reinhard couldn't understand the music at all, and she broke herself with a yawn. But she had sympathy for Christoph and pretended to be interested in what he was pulling. The good man "Oops" couldn't say that he understood music better than her, but he was impressed by a certain song. At that time he was terribly intrigued and even wept, even though he seemed ridiculous. At other times nothing happened and for him it was just sound. Moreover, generally speaking, I was only impressed by the bad parts of the work-a completely meaningless passage. --They both believed that they understood Christophe. And Christoph also wanted to assume that he was understood. But sometimes there was a nasty desire to make fun of them. He set up a trap, pulling in meaningless things, crappy songs, and making them think it was his work. Then they were very impressed and confessed. So they were wary. The next time Christoph sang a song, they imagined they would be fooled again. And he sweared it. Christoph made them swear, and he slammed it, admitting that the song wasn't worth a sentence, and then suddenly screamed.
"Terrible people. That's right .... this is mine."
He deceived them well and was delighted as if he had become a king. Mrs. Reinhardt was a little embarrassed and came to him and tapped him. But he was laughing so well that they laughed with him too. They weren't confident that they could get a definite opinion. And not knowing what to stand on, Lili Reinhardt blamed everything, and the good man Oops praised everything. That way, one of the two would always agree with Christophe.
Also, what attracted them to Christoph was not because he was a musician, but because he was a rather eccentric, very friendly and lively person. When they heard his bad rumors, they were rather fond of it. Like him, they were under pressure from the atmosphere of this small city. Like him, they were also candid and judged things on their own. And they regarded him as a big boy who was a poor man and a victim of his candidness.
Christoph didn't buy the new friends very much. I was a little depressed when I thought that they didn't understand my depths and would never understand them. But he had very little friendship, and he wanted so much friendship that he was infinitely grateful for some love from them. He has been taught from the last year of experience. He admitted that he didn't have the right to be difficult. He wouldn't have been so patient a year or two ago. He felt a tickling blame, remembering that he had behaved harshly towards the good and boring Euler family. Oh, how wise you are! ... he sighed it a little. A secret voice whispered to him.
"Yes, but how long will it last?"
That made him smile. And my heart was comforted.
If you get one friend, if you get one friend who understands you and shares your soul, he wouldn't be sorry for anything. --But he was very young, but well-experienced, so his hopes were the most difficult to realize in his life, even more than many of the true artists before him. I knew well that happiness was not what I could hope for. He knew a little about the biographies of some of them. Some books borrowed from the Reinhardt family's collection are the terrifying and difficult roads that German musicians of the seventeenth century took and those with their great souls-the greatest souls. He was informed of the courageous Schutz's steadfastness. A burnt city, a sick countryside, a homeland that has been invaded and overrun by all European troops, and-the worst-worse-disaster-stricken and corrupt Then, he was in the middle of his homeland, where he was indifferent to everything and wanted to rest, and he was the first to follow his path. Christoph thought. "Who has the right to complain in the face of such an example? They had no audience, no future. They wrote just for themselves and for God. Write today. Things could be destroyed for tomorrow, yet they kept writing, and weren't sad at all. Nothing could let them lose their brave naivety. They were content with their songs, and what they wanted in life was just to live, to get only bread, to express their thoughts in art, not to be an artist. A few good people who are simple and true, of course those who do not understand them but love them frankly, have only found it-how can they be more demanding than them? There is a limit to the happiness that one can seek. No one has the right to demand more than that. It is to oneself, not to others, that one is allowed to make excessive demands. "
Such an idea made his heart cheerful. And he loved his good friends Reinhardt more and more. He never thought that people would come to fight for this last affection.
He didn't take into account the wickedness of the small city. But the grudges of small cities are relentless-even more relentless because they have no purpose. The correct grudge that knows what you want will be calmed down when you reach your goal. But those who do evil because of fatigue never let go of their weapons. Because I'm always bored. Christoph was a prey that was offered to their unnecessarily quiet place. Of course he had already been defeated. But he was bold enough not to look like he was sick. He no longer cares about any of them. I didn't ask for anything. People couldn't do much to him. He was happy to be with his new friends. I was indifferent to all the rumors and thoughts of the people. They couldn't forgive it. --Mrs. Reinhardt made them even more annoyed. The friendship she openly showed to Christoph against the whole city, as well as his attitude, was a challenge to public opinion. But the good Lili Reinhardt wasn't challenging anything or anyone. I wasn't thinking of challenging others. He was doing what he thought was good, without asking for the opinions of others. However, that was the worst provocation.
People were watching their behavior. They were careless. One was insane and one was a detour, so he lacked caution when going out with him or even at home with his elbows on the balcony in the evening. It was. I didn't even know the familiar behavior that would be a material for slander.
One morning, Christoph received an anonymous letter. It was a slandering and insulting word that slandered him as Mrs. Reinhardt's lover. He was stunned. He had never even had a playful thought about her. He was too chaste and had a Puritan horror about her husband's rape. Just thinking about that filthy sharing made me feel a kind of disgust. Taking away a friend's wife seemed like a crime. And Lili Reinhardt must have been the most alien to the woman who motivated him to commit the crime. Unfortunately, she wasn't beautiful at all. He wouldn't even have an excuse for passion.
He looked embarrassed and went to the house of his friend and his wife. And I found the same state of confusion. Each of them received a similar letter. But I couldn't say that. All three were searching for each other and their own hearts, but they couldn't move or speak anymore, and they were just imitating stupid things. When Lili Reinhardt's innate carelessness suddenly burst into laughter or saying something illegal, the eyes of a good man or Christoph suddenly upset her. did. The letter came to her mind. She was confused. Both Christoph and Reinhard were confused. And I thought about it myself.
"I wonder if they don't know."
However, they didn't say anything and tried to do the same as before.
However, the unnamed letter continued and became more and more insultingly obscene. As a result, they fell into annoyance and unbearable embarrassment. When I received the letter, I hid it from each other, but I didn't have the power to burn it without reading it again. They opened the seal with their quivering hands. I was in despair while opening the paper inside. I cried secretly when I read the horrifying thing to read, which adds some new changes to the same problem-the clever and filthy thing created by the spirit of trying to poison. They sought out what the villain was, who was relentlessly obsessed with him.
One day, Mrs. Reinhardt was strong and revealed to a good man that she was being persecuted. He had tears in his eyes and said he was the same. Did you say that to Christoph? They couldn't say it. But I had to let him know to be on the safe side. --Mrs. Reinhardt was surprised to find that Christoph was also receiving a letter when she blushed and cut out a word. They were astonished, even though they were enthusiastic about their malice. Mrs. Reinhard no longer doubted that she was known to all the towns. Far from empowering each other, the three were disappointed. I didn't know what to do. Christoph said he would break his head. ――But who's head? And again, if you do that, slander will be even more prosperous. ...... Shall I tell the police about the letter? -It will expose the backbit to light. ...... Shall we do something we don't know? I couldn't do that anymore. Their friend Yugi was already disturbed. Reinhardt absolutely believed in the openness of his wife and Christophe, but it didn't help. I couldn't even doubt them. He felt the embarrassing ridiculousness of his suspicions. I tried to make Christoph and my wife alone. But he was suffering. And Hosono understood it well.
She couldn't go any further. She never thought of it, just as Christoph didn't want to turn to her. However, because of the slander, she suddenly began to ridicule the humorous idea that Christoph might have a romantic feeling for her anyway. And even though he hadn't shown such a thing as much as dew, she thought it was better to turn it down. She didn't hit it directly, but used a sloppy and cautious approach. Christoph didn't know at first, but when he finally realized it, he was stunned. It was so stupid that I wanted to start crying. He is in love with this kind but ugly, mundane middle-class lady! ... and she would believe that! ... and he can't even excuse that good man, Oops!
I couldn't even say, "Now, don't worry. There is no danger! ..."
No, he couldn't insult those good guys. Moreover, he thought that if she was careful not to be loved by him, it was because she began to love him secretly. The unnamed letter was so successful that it infused her with such stupid fantasy ideas.
The situation became extremely difficult and ridiculous, and I couldn't continue as it was. What's more, Lili Reinhardt, despite his utterances, had no personality strengths and was confused by the implicit hostility of the small city. The couple made an embarrassing excuse to stop seeing them anymore.
――Mrs. Reinhardt was ill-mannered ……. Reinhardt was busy ... The two were absent for a few days ...
It was just a bad lie. It was a lie that happened to be nasty but amusing and stripped of the skin.
Christoph said more frankly.
"My merciful friend, let's break up. We have no power."
The Reinhardt and his wife cried. ――But when they broke up, they were relieved.
This small city was able to win. This time Christoph is the only one. He has even been robbed of his last breath of love. -Affection, no matter how tiny it is, no one's heart can live without it.
[#New Page]
Three releases
He no longer had one ally. All my friends have been lost. He always comes to help when he's in trouble, and the nostalgic Gottfried, which he now needs most, has gone somewhere long ago and is no longer back forever. One night last summer, a letter in bold font bearing the name of a distant village came to inform Luisa that her brother had died. This peddler died on a trip, stubbornly continuing to wander in spite of his poor health. He was buried in a graveyard far away. Thus, the masculine and cheerful last friendship that could have been achieved in support of Christoph was sunk in the abyss. He was now alone with an old mother who was indifferent to his ideas-a mother who loved him and didn't understand him. Around him was the vast plains of Germany, the gloomy ocean. Then I was sinking deeper and deeper into my efforts to get out. His enemy, this small city, was watching him drown ...
And when he was struggling, a lightning flashed in the middle of the dark night, illuminating the image of Hasrel. A child's cage He was such a beloved musician, and his honor now shines throughout Germany. He remembered the promise that Hasrel had made in the past. And with desperate power, he clung to the rest. Hasrel could have saved him. It was supposed to save me. What was he looking for? It was neither help nor money, nor any material aid. It was nothing, just getting people to understand. Hasrel had been persecuted like him. Hasrel was a free man. It was supposed to understand a free man who was being crushed by a grudge from Germany's mediocrity. The two were fighting the same battle.
He immediately implemented the idea as soon as he got it. He told his mother that he would be away for a week. Then, Hasrel boarded the train that night to the big city of northern Germany, where he was the music chief. I couldn't wait. It was the last effort for breathing.
Hasrel was becoming famous. The enemy still hadn't thrown away his weapons, but his allies claimed he was the greatest musician of the present, past and future. He was surrounded by foolish followers, and also by foolish slanderers. He was not a strong personality, so he was irritable for the slanderers and slandering for his allies. He used all his energy to make the accusers uncomfortable and scream. He resembled a bad boy with mischief. And the mischief was often the most disgusting. Not only did he use his genius for bizarre compositions that infuriated the Orthodox, but also for bizarre lyrics, or often vague, obscene. He showed a nasty taste for the scene, that is, for anything that hurt ordinary decency and honesty, in a nutshell. He was happy when the middle-class men screamed. And the middle-class people were screaming without fail. The emperor, who was involved in the arts with his arrogant arrogance as seen by upstarts and royal princes, regarded Hasrel's fame as an ugly monster of the world, and every opportunity he had the opportunity. He showed a disdainful coldness to his thick-faced work. This public opposition was almost a public confirmation for the apocalypse of German art, but Hasler was indignant and entertaining, and continued to do it more and more violently. Allies were delighted to call themselves geniuses for their new mischief.
Hasrel's clique consisted mainly of abandoned literary figures, painters, and critics. They were certainly sufficient to represent the rebels against the revival of pious and national morality-a revival that has always been menacing in northern Germany. .. But their independence was unknowingly ridiculous in the struggle. Because many of them were less intelligent and even less hobbyist, if not lacking in their rather harsh talents. They could no longer escape from the artificial atmosphere they had created. And, as you can see in all schools, it has finally lost its perception of real life altogether. To many fools who read their critiques and swallow what they liked to declare, and to themselves, they were in law. Their Ayu was harmful to Hasrel and made him too self-confident. He picked up all the optimism that came to his mind without any examination. And although he may write something inferior to his true value, he secretly believed that he was always superior to that of other musicians. Unfortunately, this idea was often too true, but it did not mean that it was a very sound idea and suitable for producing great works. At the bottom of his heart, Hasrel had a complete contempt for all his enemies and allies. And this bitter ridiculous ridicule spread to himself and his entire life. He sank deeper and deeper into his ironic skepticism, just because he believed in many noble and innocent things in the past. He resentfully ridicules old memories, with no power to prevent noble and innocent things from the gradual destruction of time, and no falsehood to assume that he still believes in what he no longer believes. I tried to leave. He had the nature of Southern Germany. He was lazy, vulnerable to excessive luck, chills and heat, and required moderate temperatures to maintain his equilibrium. Before he knew it, he began to take care of the lazy enjoyment of life. He liked wonderful delicacies, heavy drinks, idle play, and soft thoughts. He was rich in genius, and although the sparks of genius were still inspiring in the loose music of the times, the right thing was faintly visible in all his art. He felt his decadence better than anyone else. To tell the truth, only he felt it-and he felt it from time to time, and of course he wanted to avoid such moments. And once I felt that way, I was soaked in dark moods, selfish consideration, health concerns, and so on that I became disgusted by humans-for things that once stimulated my emotions and hatred. Be indifferent to everything.
Christoph went to seek comfort beside such a person. He would have arrived in the city with all his hope on a cold, rainy morning. In his eyes there lived a person who was a symbol of the independent spirit of art. He expected a word full of fraternity and courage from him. He needed such words because he was in a disadvantageous and inevitable battle. A true artist must fight the world without disarming, even for a day, until the last breath. Because, as Schiller said, "the only relationship with the public that you will never regret" [# "the only relationship that you will never regret with the public"]-it is a battle [# " It's a battle. " "
Christoph was very urgent, and before he left or left his baggage at a certain inn at the stop, he immediately went to the theater and asked for Hasrel's address. Hasrel lived in the suburbs, far from the center of the city. Christoph got on the train, grabbing the bread. As I approached my destination, my chest palpitated.
The land where Hasrel chose to live is almost entirely built by a strange new construction method in which young Germany leans on the erudition of barbarism in the difficult effort to obtain a gem. It was. In the middle of a vulgar town, on a straight street with no special features, various things suddenly towered, the large Egyptian ｜ Cave, Norwegian farmhouse, monastery, castle tower, balconies of the World Exposition , A legless bulging house that digs into the ground, with a lifeless face and one giant eye, the iron gate of the hell, the crushed door of the submarine, the iron balconies Haga, a golden hidden flower plant on the iron bar of the window, a monster with an open mouth on the front gate, here and there, all in unexpected places, blue Seto paving stones, mixed-colored incisions showing Adam and Eve, house roots wiped with dissonant colored balconies, balconies on the top floor, odd-shaped animals on the top, while There are no windows on the other side, but suddenly side by side, many square and rectangular holes are attached like wounds, a fortress-style house, a large surface of a bare wall, and so on. From the surface, a large stall suddenly popped out to a single window, which was supported by a Nibelungen-style human figure pillar, and from the stone balcony, a bearded old man with dark hair. , A man like a mermaid in Becklin, had two pointed heads popping out. In one of those prison-like houses-a low two-story, ancient Egyptian royal palace-like house with two giant nudes at the entrance-the architect wrote: It was a sign.
[# Indent 3 characters from here]
Oh, show me as an artist,
In the past and in the future, I will never again be in the universe.
[# End of indentation here]
Christoph was thinking only about Hasrel, so he looked at it with a restless eye and didn't try to understand it at all. He arrived at the house he was aiming for. It was one of the simplest-Karovanjan style-houses. The inside showed the vulgarity that was expensive. There was heavy air from the overheated heater on the stairs. There was a narrow elevator. However, Christoph didn't get on it because he didn't have a chance to prepare for the visit. My legs trembled because of my emotions, and my heart jumped, and I climbed up to the fifth floor. During that brief walk, an old interview with Hasrel, a childish intoxication, and a remnant of his grandfather came to his mind as it did yesterday.
It was close to 11 o'clock when he rang the ringing bell at the entrance. A snappy woman who looks like a woman who controls housework came out. She stared at him and said, "I can't see you because my husband is tired." But then, when he saw a naive disappointing color on Christoph's face, he must have been interested, after a scrutiny of his whole body, suddenly relieved and Hasrel. I went to my study and told him to meet him. Then, after glancing at him with a sideways glance, he closed the door.
Impressionist paintings and elegant prints from the 18th century in France hung on the wall. Hasrel claimed to be familiar with all kinds of art. He combined money and Watto into his hobbies, as directed by his party. A similar mix of styles also appeared in the arrangement of furniture. The very fine desk of the Louis XV style is an eastern style comforter with several "new style" armchairs and a variety of feather futons piled up like a mountain. It was surrounded by chairs. The door was decorated with a mirror. Many Japanese figurines were lined up on the shelves and fireplaces. Above the fireplace was a bust of Hasrel. On one board above the round table, there were a lot of pictures of female singers, female worshipers, and friends with epigrams and compliments. The desk was surprisingly messy. The piano remained open. There was dust on the shelves. Half-sucked cigars were rolling in every corner ...
Christoph heard a mumbling, moody voice in the next room. The strong words of the booth messenger answered it. It was clear that Hasrel showed that he didn't want to go out too much. It was also clear that the booth ambassador was definitely trying to get him out to Hasrel. She gave a very familiar answer without any hesitation. The sharp voice was heard through the wall. Christoph was restless when he heard her words paying attention to her husband. But my husband wasn't offended at all. On the contrary, it seemed that such rudeness was interesting. And while continuing to complain, he teased the booth messenger and was amused by burning her. At last, Christoph heard the sound of the door opening, and he heard Hasrel dragging his feet, constantly complaining and teasing.
He came in. Christoph was thrilled. He remembered Hasrel. Oh, what if you don't recognize it? It was just Hasrel, but it wasn't Hasrel again. After all, there were no wrinkles on the large forehead, and the smooth face was like a child. However, his head was bald, his body was obese, his complexion was yellow, he looked sleepy, his lower lip hung down a little, and he had a boring, moody mouth. He bent his shoulders, put his hands in his open jacket pockets, and dragged his torn shoes to his legs. A shirt was popping up on my unbuttoned trousers. He looked at Christoph with his half-sleeping eyes. When Christoph muttered his name, his eyes didn't shine. He silently returned an automatic thank-you, headed to Christophe, sighed and sat comfortably in a chair, and sighed his quilt. I put it around my body. Christoph repeated.
"Once before ... Kindness ... Christoph Craft ..."
Hasrel sat deep in the comfort chair, combined his long legs, and clasped his thin hands on his right knee, which came to the height of his chin, but he answered. It was.
"I don't remember."
Christoph tried to remind him of what he had met in the past, while squeezing his throat. But it was difficult for him to tell such close memories under any circumstances. And in the current situation, it was an anguish. He was confused by the complaint, couldn't find the right words, and blushed when he said stupid things. Hasrel kept staring at him with a vague, indifferent eye, leaving him reluctant to say. When Christoph finally finished talking, Hasrel shook his knees silently for a while, as if he was still waiting for him to continue. Then said.
"Yes ... but that story doesn't rejuvenate ..."
And he grew up.
He added after yawning.
"... I'm sorry ... I didn't sleep ... I had a midnight snack at the theater last night ..."
And yawned again.
Christoph wanted Hasrel to say something about what he had just talked about. But Hasrel wasn't particularly interested in the story and didn't say anything anymore. And he didn't ask any questions about Christoph's body. I asked after yawning.
"Did you come to Berlin from before?"
"I just arrived this morning," Christoph said.
"Yes," Hasrel said without surprise. "Where is the inn?"
Without hearing the reply, he stood up, reached for the button on the call bell, and rang.
"I'm sorry," he said.
The booth messenger appeared with the usual arrogant appearance.
"Kitty," he said, "I'm not going to let me have breakfast today."
"But," she said, "Don't you bring food to the place with your customers?"
"Why can't I?" He pointed to Christoph with a ridiculous moment. "This person nourishes my spirit. I try to nourish my body."
"Don't you feel embarrassed to eat it in front of people, like a zoo beast?"
Hasrel didn't get angry, he started laughing and rephrased his words.
"It's like a domestic dog | a cat."
"But come on," he continued. "Let's eat with embarrassment."
She went out with her shoulders fluttering.
Christoph saw that Hasrel still refused to ask what he was doing, and tried to tie the story again. He talked about the difficulties of living in the countryside, the mediocre people, the narrowness of their spirits, and the lonely situation. He appealed for the agony of his heart and tried to get sympathy. However, Hasrel crouched in an comfort chair, turned his head over and leaned against the quilt, half-closed his eyes, and left him talking. I didn't even hear it. Alternatively, he raised his eyelids a bit and threw a few chilly, ironic and humorous epigrams about the people of the countryside, discouraging Christoph from trying to tell a more mellow story. --Kitty came back and brought a tray of coffee, butter and ham for breakfast. She had a puffy face and placed it on her desk in the middle of a mess of paper. Christoph waited for her to leave and began the painful story again. It was very hard to keep saying.
Hasrel was pulling the tray in front of him. He ate coffee and put on his lips. Then, with a slightly contemptuous appearance of a familiar person, he interrupted Christoph's story and recommended him.
"How about a cup?"
Christoph refused. He had a hard time trying to connect the complaints. But I was getting more and more confused and I couldn't understand what I was saying anymore. I was fascinated by the appearance of Hasrel. Hasrel placed a plate under his chin, picked up a piece of fluffy bread or ham with his fingers, and chewed like a child. But Christophe was able to say that he was composing and that he had played an overture to Hebbel's Udit [# "Emphasis mark"]. Hasrel listened without hesitation.
"What?" He asked.
Christoph repeated the title of the overture.
"Oh, I see," Hasrel said, dipping the bread and fingertips together in the coffee.
That was all.
Christoph was disappointed and tried to get up and go home. However, I thought that a long trip would be wasted. Then, with courage, he mumbled and offered to tell us about his work. As soon as I heard that word, Hasrel was interrupted.
"No, I don't know," he said in a ridiculous, somewhat insulting ironic tone. "And I don't have time again."
Christoph had tears in his eyes. But he vowed not to leave here without hearing Hasrel's opinion on his work. He said in a mixed tone of confusion and resentment.
"Excuse me, you promised to listen to my work a long time ago. I just did it from the back of Germany. Please ask."
Hasrel was not accustomed to such a response. He looked at the rude young man who was angry and blushing and crying. And I thought it was interesting. He pointed to the piano with his fingers, fluttering his shoulders, and said with a strange resignation.
"Then ... try it ..."
So he buried himself in an easy chair, like a person trying to take a nap, and struck a feather troupe with a fist, and his flatness. He stretched his arms up and closed his eyes halfway, but to measure the amount of rolled music that Christoph took out of his pocket, he opened his eyes a little, gave a small sigh, and listened with a fist. I made it.
Christoph started playing, though he was disappointed. Soon after, Hasrel opened his eyes and ears with the professional interest of an artist who was fascinated by beautiful things. At first, I didn't say anything and stayed still. But his eyes became clearer than before, and his sullen lips moved. He then took it all seriously and was surprised and admired. It was only a vague interjection. But the tone was a clear indication of his feelings. Christoph felt indescribable joy. Hasrel no longer tried to count the number of pages struck or left. Christoph finished the song, he said.
"Then ... then ..."
He was beginning to use human-like language.
"That's good, good! ... (he was admiring) ... nice ... horribly nice! ... but what on earth (he was surprised and muttering)?"
He sits up in his seat, holds his head forward, holds his hand over his ear, speaks German, laughs satisfactorily, and even tries to lick his lips when it comes to some unusual harmony. I put out my tongue a little. Suddenly, he was so moved that he suddenly stood up with a word of admiration, came to the piano and sat by Christophe. He didn't even notice that Christoph was there. He had only music in mind. At the end of that song, he picked up the music book, started reading the pages, and then read the pages one after another, continuing to speak German with praise and surprise, as if he were alone in the room. It was like.
"I was surprised! ... (He said) ... Where did this guy find something like this ..."
He pushed Christoph off his shoulder and tried to pull a few verses himself. His fingertips on the piano were extremely gentle, supple, light and brilliant. Christoph acknowledged his delicate, long, well-maintained hands. It had a somewhat morbid aristocratic taste that didn't suit his body. Hasrel stopped at a chord and repeated it, blinking and making sounds. He imitated the sounds of various musical instruments, made loud noises with his lips, and constantly mixed his own words with the music. The fierce words were filled with both good and bad feelings. He couldn't forbid his secret jealousy and his jealousy. And at the same time, he was enjoying himself as if he was greedy.
He continued to speak German as if Christoph wasn't there, but while Christoph was happy to turn red, he couldn't help but think that Hasrel's compliment was being given to him. There wasn't. And he began to explain what he intended to make. At first, Hasrel seemed to pay no attention to what the young man was saying, and continued to speak out his own thoughts. But then I was surprised by Christoph's words. He grabbed his mouth, pretending to be a strange body and listening, still looking at the flipping sheet music. Christoph was getting better and better. And I completely trusted it. With innocent excitement, he spoke of his aspirations and personality.
Hasrel, who was silent, began to look ironic again. He took his finger off the fascinating sheet music. He puts his elbows on the piano shelf and puts his forehead in his hand, and he is looking at Christoph, who is annotating his own work in the tone of younger guest and turmoil. It was. He smiled bitterly, thinking about his early days, his hopes, Christoph's hopes, and the suffering awaiting him.
Christoph was speaking with his eyes down, fearing that he might forget what he had to say. Hasrel was silent, so I was gaining strength. He felt that Hasrel was watching over him and listening to all his words. The ice that separated them seemed to have broken, and my heart was shining. When I finished talking, I quietly-trusted again-raised my face and looked at Hasrel. And when he saw the gloomy, ridiculous, unfavorable eyes looking at himself, all his joy that was springing up froze at once like a young shoot that was too early. He grabbed his mouth.
After a little chilly pause, Hasrel opened his mouth with a cold voice. He has changed again. He pretended to be a kind of cruelty to the other young man. Since I found my old appearance in the other party, I brutally ridiculed my aspirations and hopes of success as if I was trying to mock myself. .. He was ruthlessly trying to destroy his belief in the life of a young man, his belief in art, and his belief in himself. He bitterly took himself as an example and talked about his current work in an insulting tone.
"It's just crap," he said. "That's just right for the crap. Do you think there are ten people in the world who love music? No one."
"I am," Christoph enthusiastically said.
Hasrel looked at him, fluttered his shoulders, and said in a polite voice.
"You will be like everyone. You will be doing the same with everyone. You will think of being up and having fun like everyone ... and that's justified. ……. ”
Christoph tried to defend himself. But Hasrel interrupted his words. Then, while picking up his sheet music again, he began to blame the work he had praised earlier for his harshness. Not only did he point out the youth's distracting, practical asava, writing inaccuracies, hobbies and expression flaws, but also ridiculous criticism, and Hasrel himself lived his life. He added the criticism that the narrowest and oldest musicians had to suffer. I asked what exactly it meant. He was no longer blaming. I was denying it. It was as if I was trying to hatefully erase the impressions I received from those works.
Christoph was surprised and didn't even try to answer. Why can't you answer the unreasonable words that are embarrassing to hear from the mouth of a person you respect and love? And again, Hasrel didn't listen at all. He did his best, closing the score in both hands, with a gloomy look, and a bitter humor. But finally he said as if he had forgotten Christophe again.
"Oh, the saddest thing is that no one can understand, no one."
Christoph was impressed and felt like being able to penetrate his relatives. He suddenly turned around, placed his hand on Hasrel's hand, and his heart was filled with love and repeated.
"I am!"
However, Hasrel's hand did not move at all. Something in his heart to that youthful cry. Even if he shook for a moment, no light shined in his dull eyes looking at Christophe. Irony and selfishness dominated. He moved his upper body a little in a ritual and weird manner, and gave a nod.
"Thank you!" He said.
He was thinking like this.
"Do it yourself! Do you think I lost my life for you?"
He stood up, threw the score on the piano, and with his long staggered legs, went to the comfort | chair "chair" and sat down. Christoph, reading his chest and feeling an unpleasant insult, replied in a hurry that no one needed to be understood by everyone. Only some souls deserve the whole population. They think for the people. And the people will always think about what they thought. --But Hasrel wasn't listening anymore. He was also stunned and self-defeated. It came from the weakening of the vitality sleeping in him. Christoph was so healthy that he couldn't understand such a sudden modulation, so he vaguely felt that he was losing. However, I couldn't give up because it was just after I thought I was about to win. He made a desperate effort to bring Hasrel's attention. I took up the score and tried to explain the reason for the irregularity pointed out by Hasrel. Hasrel was buried in an easy chair and kept a gloomy silence. I didn't agree or disagree. I was just waiting for it to end.
Christoph saw that it couldn't be helped anymore. I stopped saying it in the middle of the complaint. I rolled up the score and stood up. Hasrel also stood up. Christoph was embarrassed and disappointed, and mumbled and apologized. Hasrel crouched lightly, chilled and politely extended his hand to the entrance, showing his arrogant and boring dignity, but he didn't even try to stop him and came back again. did not say.
Christoph was disappointed and went out on the street. I walked without a hitch. After mechanically following a few streets, I came to the stop of the train I was on. I got on it again without any thought. My limbs were weak and I fell on my stool. I couldn't think about it or put together my thoughts. I wasn't thinking about anything. It was scary to look into my heart. It was completely empty. I felt that the emptiness was in the town around me. I couldn't breathe anymore. The fog, those big houses blocked his breath. He had only another idea. Escape, escape as soon as possible-as if you escaped from this town, leaving behind the bitter disillusionment you found there.
He returned to the inn. It was before 12:30. He entered this inn two hours ago-what kind of light he had in mind! ――But now, everything has disappeared.
He didn't have lunch. I didn't even go up to the room. To his surprise, he asked for a bill, paid for it as if he had spent the night, and said he was going to leave. It was useless to explain that he didn't have to hurry, that the train he was trying to get on would only leave in a few hours, and that he should wait at the inn. He immediately wanted to go to the stop. I wanted to get on the first train, no matter what, and didn't want to stay there for a second. After this long trip, after spending a lot of travel expenses-I was looking forward to not only meeting Hasrel, but also visiting museums and going to music concerts to get acquaintances. -He had only one idea anymore, that is, to start ...
He came back to the stop. As I was told, the train to ride only came out after three hours. Moreover, the train was not an express train-(Christoph could only ride at the bottom) -and stopped on the way. It was much more profitable to take the next train, which departed two hours later and caught up with the first. But that was about two hours more here. Christoph was unbearable. He no longer wanted to get out of the stop while he was waiting. --It was a gloomy waiting time. The room is spacious, noisy and gloomy, with strangers, completely strangers and irrelevant figures, all rushing in and out, rushing in and out, without any acquaintances. , I didn't even have a close face. The pale "Aojiro" light has disappeared. The foggy lamps seemed to make the night even darker, dotted with dots in the middle of the night. As time went on, Christoph became more and more sad and waited painfully for the time of departure. I went to review the timetable ten times an hour to make sure I didn't make a mistake. Then, to kill time, I read it all over again to "Sumizumi", and I was surprised at a certain place name. I seemed to remember it. Eventually it was remembered that it was the land of an old Schultz who gave me a very kind letter. The idea of ​​visiting this stranger immediately came to my mind in a hurry. The town wasn't on its way home, it was only an hour or two on the branch line. After waiting for a long time and changing trains a couple of times, it was an overnight trip. Christoph didn't take into account anything. I immediately decided to go there. There was an instinctive desire to cling to sympathy. Without waiting for time to think, I immediately sent a telegram and informed Schultz that I would arrive the next morning. Regretted before he sent the telegram or not. My unchanging illusion was bitterly laughed at. Why are we heading for new suffering again? ――But it was already over. I wasn't in time to change it.
The time left in those thoughts has passed. --The train he should ride has finally been tailored. He got in first. He was so childish that he finally began to breathe in the shadows of the city at night, under the sad rain showers, in the gray sky as the train began to move. It was from the time I saw him off from the train window that he disappeared. I felt like I might die if I spent the night there.
Just then-around 6 pm-Hasler's letter arrived at the inn to Christophe. Christoph's visit caused a lot of upset in his heart. Throughout the afternoon he was feeling painful. I couldn't help but feel sympathy for the merciful young man who received his cold treatment while coming with such ardent affection. He blamed himself for his response. To tell the truth, he was just a bout of the usual tantrum and sullen mood. He wrote to Christophe a promise to meet after the closing with a ticket for the opera opera, in order to make up for it. --Christoph didn't know it at all. Hasrel saw him not coming and thought:
"Don't be angry. I'm sorry."
He fluttered his shoulders. And he didn't even ask. The next day I didn't even think about it anymore. The next day, Christoph was far from him-so far that he would never approach each other again, no matter how long he spent. And the two broke up forever.
Peter Schultz was 75 years old. I was always weak and aging. He was quite tall, but his back was bent, his head was leaning on his chest, his bronchi were weak, and he had difficulty breathing. I had asthma, catarrh and bronchitis. And the traces of the inevitable struggle-sit for nights on the bed, bent forward, sweaty, and broke to breathe a breath of air into the clogged chest-that thinness. It was engraved in the painful wrinkles on the long face of Muzen. The nose was long and the tip was a little thick. Some deep wrinkles cut the cheeks, which had fallen out of the teeth, diagonally from under the eyes. Old age and illness were not the only things that carved such a merciful face of decline. The suffering of life was added to it. ――But nevertheless, he wasn't sad. A cheerful warmth appeared in the calm and big mouth. But what gave the old face a painful calm was especially the eyes. The eyes were clear light gray. I looked straight at it with calmness and sincerity. It didn't hide the soul at all. It seemed to open to the bottom of my heart.
His life was scarce in incidents. He has been single for many years. Hosono was dead. She wasn't very good, she wasn't very remorseful, and she wasn't beautiful at all. But he had a familiar memory of her. It was twenty-five years ago that she died. Since then, he has never slept, even overnight, without a short, sad and gentle dialogue with her in his heart. I was connecting her day by day. --He had no children. That was the great regret of my life. He was as attached to the students as his father was to his children, shifting his desire for love over them. But it was rarely rewarded. An old mind feels very close to a young mind and can feel almost like the same age. I know how short the years that separate the two are. But the young man doesn't notice it at all. For adolescents, old people are from different times. What's more, the young man is so fascinated by the care at hand that he instinctively looks away from the sad end of his efforts. Old Schultz was not without the occasional appreciation of some students. Fortunately or unfortunately, he showed a fresh interest in everything that happened to them, and they were moved by it. He came to see me from time to time. When I left college, I sent a thank-you letter. In addition, some people continued to write letters once or twice a year. But after that, the old Schultz no longer heard their whereabouts. I just learned about some career advancement in newspapers. Then he was pleased with the success as if he had succeeded. He did not resent their silence. I was guessing for various reasons. I didn't doubt their affection at all. I thought that the most selfish of them had feelings similar to their own feelings towards them.
However, books were the best comfort station for him. The book never deceived him without forgetting him. Many of the souls he had loved in his books were now transcending the wave of Time. The souls kept their eternal immobility in love. What's more, the love, they seemed to evoke in the hearts of others and feel themselves, and they shined on those who loved them. A professor of aesthetics and music history, he resembled an old forest singing a bird's song. Some of those songs echoed very far away. It came from centuries away. Still, it was kind enough and mysterious. There was also a familiar song that he was familiar with. They were a dear path. Each of those complaints reminded me of the joys and sorrows of my past life. Some of my past lives were conscious and some were unconscious. (Because each day lit by the sun is lit by other days, which are lit by strangers.) And finally, what you have been craving for a long time. There was a song that I had never heard before. As if on the ground under the rain, my heart opened and greeted them. Thus, the old Schultz listened to the forest of birds in the silence of his lonely life. And, like a legendary monk, while sleeping ecstatically at the song of a magical bird, the years passed and the later years came. But he always had the soul of the twenties.
He wasn't just rich in music. He also loved poets-ancient and modern poets. He loved his own poets, especially Goethe. But he also loved poets from other countries. He was academic and could read various languages. Spiritually, he was a contemporary of Helder, Greater Werthbrügel, and others-the "citizens of the world" at the end of the eighteenth century. Surrounded by this widespread ideology, he lived in an era of fierce struggle around 1870. And while he respected Germany, he did not "honor" Germany. He was thinking with Heldel, "Among those who honor something [# aside from" among those who honor something "], those who honor their nation [#" "A person who honors his nation" is an emphasis mark], and he is an extreme fool [# "A person who is an extreme fool" is an emphasis mark] ". He also thought with Schiller, "Writing only for one nation is an emphasis on" Writing only for one nation "], which is an extremely poor ideal [#" Extremely poor ideal ". Emphasis mark] ". His spirit was sometimes timid. But his heart was wonderfully vast, and he was trying to welcome everything that was beautiful to the world. Perhaps he was too generous with the mediocre. But his instinct did not raise any doubts about the best. And although he didn't have the power to blame the well-reputed false artists, he always had the power to defend the unrecognized, creative and powerful artists. He was often mistaken for his warm nature. I was afraid to do something wrong. When I didn't love what others loved, I didn't doubt that I was wrong. And in the end I came to love it. It was a great pleasure for him to love. Love and praise were more necessary for his spiritual life than he needed air for his miserable chest. So how grateful he was to those who gave us new opportunities for love and praise! --Christoph never dreamed of what his song [# "emphasis mark"] was for the old Schultz. His own feeling at the time of writing it did not reach the lively feeling of the old man towards it. For him, those songs were just a few sparks from the internal melting furnace. There must have been many other sparks. But for the old Schultz, it was a world that was revealed all at once ... a lovable world. His life was shined by it.
From a year ago he had to give up his college job. The increasingly uneasy health did not allow him to lecture anymore. As usual, when I was sick and on the floor, I received a new parcel of music books from Wolff Bookstore. When I received it, I found Christoph's songbook [# "Songbook" with an emphasis mark]. He was alone. There were no close relatives nearby. A few families died long ago. He took care of all the old woman, but the old woman took advantage of his unhealthyness and forced him to do whatever he wanted. A few friends of almost the same age visited me from time to time. But they were also not very healthy. When the weather was bad, they also stayed home and extended their visit. Just in winter, the streets were covered with melting snow. Schultz met no one all day. It was dim in the room. The yellow mist squeezed the windowpanes like a tsuitate, obstructing the line of sight. The heat of the fireplace was heavy and sick. In a nearby church, an old 17th-century bell sang a monotonous piece of hymn every fifteen minutes with a terrifyingly out-of-tune voice. It seemed that the cheerful tone was somewhat frowned upon here, which was not very pleasant. The old Schultz was coughing and leaning back on a pile of pillows and futons. He tried to read back his favorite Montagne. But that day didn't feel as interesting as usual. I put down the book in, took a painful breath, and indulged in a dream. There was a parcel of music books on the bed. I didn't have the courage to open it. I had a sad feeling. At last he sighed, carefully untied the wrapping, then put on his glasses and started reading the song. His idea turned to something else. My thoughts always returned to those who wanted to avoid it.
His eyes fell on an old chant. Christoph borrowed the words of a naive and devout poet of the seventeenth century and renewed the tone, the song of Paul Gerhardt's Christian Traveler [# "Christian Traveler" It was an emphasis on the song.
[# Indent 3 characters from here]
Hope, a merciful soul,
Give hope, be brave!
………………
Wait, just wait.
The beautiful sun of joy
Eventually you will not see Nanji.
[# End of indentation here]
The old Schultz was familiar with those sincere words. But it wasn't like that before they talked to him ... It was no longer a calm faith that calmed and put a person's soul to sleep due to its monotony. It was a soul similar to his soul, his own soul, and a younger, stronger, suffering hope, a joy-seeking soul. His hands quivered. Large tears ran down my cheeks. He kept reading.
[# Indent 3 characters from here]
Wake up, shake it up!
Throw away your sorrows and concerns!
What disturbs and mourns,
Thou shalt leave from the original!
[# End of indentation here]
Christoph conveyed a young and bold passion to those ideas. The brave laugh blossomed in the last candid phrase that he believed.
[# Indent 3 characters from here]
What guides everything is
I have no choice but to thy you.
That is God. God makes him king
Guide everything as appropriate!
[# End of indentation here]
Then, with the arrogance of a young wild man, he pulled out from the original place in the original poem without hesitation, and ended his song "Reed". ..
[# Indent 3 characters from here]
Stop by all the devils,
With a rebellious person
Be calm, don't doubt!
God does not retreat.
Everything that God's plan is
Finally, everything I want is
If it finally becomes,
God serves his purpose!
[# End of indentation here]
…… Then, it was the pinnacle of delight, the euphoria of battle, and the triumphant return of the Roman General.
The old man shook his body. I gasped and followed the harsh music, as if I was a kid who was taken by a friend and ran. My chest palpitated. Tears flowed. He muttered.
"Oh, God! ... God! ..."
He started sobbing and was laughing again. I was happy. I was suffocating. I coughed violently. The old woman, Lou Andreas-Salomé, rushed in. She wondered if the old man was dying. He continued to shed tears, coughed, and repeated.
"Oh God! ... God! ..."
And in the short time between coughing attacks, he had a pleasant, sharp laugh.
Zarome thought he had become a madman. Then, when he knew the cause of the passion, he blamed him wildly.
"Is that trivial thing that can happen! ... Give it to me. I'll take it. I won't see you anymore."
However, the old man was still coughing but firm. I shouted to Zarome, don't worry. When she was stubborn, he had a tantrum, yelled, and snarled his throat. She had never seen him fight so indignantly. She was surprised and withdrew. But he didn't stop harsh words. He said he was a madman, and he used to think he was a fine man, but that was his misunderstanding, saying something terrible that even a car owner would blush, and his eyes Jumped out of his face, and if his eyes were a pistol, he would have been killed ... I didn't know how long her curse would last. However, he furiously stood up on the pillow and screamed on the futon.
"Get out!"
It was so harsh that she went out with the door closed. Although he went out, he said that he wouldn't come to me no matter how much he was called, and that he should yell at himself.
And in the room where the shadow of the night began to spread, the silence fell again. The bells of the synagogue once again made its calm and bizarre sound in the peace of the evening. The old Schultz was a little ashamed of his rage, and while he was still rebelling and gasping, he was waiting for the turmoil to subside. He was laughing like a child, holding a precious songbook [# "emphasis mark" in the songbook] in his chest.
He spent lonely days in a kind of ecstasy. I no longer thought about my illness, winter, the dreadful light, and loneliness. Everything around me was shining and contained love. As he approached his death, he felt revived in the young soul of a stranger friend.
He imagined what Christoph was like. The imagination was completely different from the reality. It was the figure that I wanted to be like this. He was a blonde, thin, thin-eyed, blue-eyed, slightly weak muffled voice, and a gentle, shy and gentle person. Whatever the reality, he still wanted to idealize it. He idealized everyone around him, including students, neighbors, friends and his old woman. His benign nature and lack of criticism-half-self-conscious to avoid any disturbing thoughts-weaves the same cheerful and pure look around him. It was. It was a falsehood of the warmth he needed to live. But he wasn't completely deceived by it. At night, I often sighed in bed, thinking of various small daytime events that were my ideals and humor. He knew well that the old woman, Zarome, was swearing at her neighbors in the shadows, and that she was cheating on her weekly bills. He knew that he would be afraid of himself as long as the students needed it, but that he would abandon himself after receiving the help he expected. After retreat, it's completely forgotten by old college colleagues, and when his successor steals or names his discourse without a name, it's worthless in a false manner. He knew that he was quoting a phrase and picking up an error (although it is a common practice in the criticism world). My old friend Kuntz told a terrible lie again this afternoon, and the book that one friend Pot Petitmit borrowed for a few days will never be returned. He knew that. The right thing was very sad for someone like him who loves books as much as a living person. Also many other sad things, old and new, came to his mind. He didn't want to think of them. But they were there forever. He felt them. Recollections of those things sometimes passed his heart with stinging pain.
"Oh, God, God!"
He groaned in a quiet night. --Then, I kept away all unpleasant thoughts. I canceled them. He wanted to trust, be optimistic, believe in people. And I believed in people. His illusion would have been broken several times! ――But another illusion came to me, anytime, anytime ……. He couldn't help without a vision.
The stranger Christoph became the focus of light in his life. The first cold, unfriendly letter I received would have caused him suffering. -(Probably actually given.)-But he didn't want to admit it was. And I even felt childish joy. He was so humble and so unsolicited that he received so little from others that he was enough to meet the desire to love and thank others. Meeting Christoph was a hopeless happiness. I was too old to travel to the banks of the Rhine now, and I never thought of wishing for a visit from there.
Christoph's telegram arrived in the evening when he was eating. He couldn't understand at first. It seemed like a stranger. I wondered if it was wrong or if it was addressed to someone else. I read it back three times. I was upset, my glasses weren't wearing well, the lamps were dull, and the letters were dancing in front of me. When he finally realized it, he fell and forgot to eat. No matter how much Zarome called, it was useless. He couldn't swallow a bite. The napkin, which always folds up, was released on the meal as it was. He staggered, staggered, went to pick up his hat and cane, and went out. With this happiness, the first thing that good Schultz thought about was to share that happiness with others and to let his friends know that Christoph was coming.
He had two friends who also loved music and conveyed his excitement to Christophe. Judge Zamuel Kuntz and dentist Oscar Potpetimitt. The latter was a singer who was Hide. The three old men often made rumors about Christophe together. And I tried everything I could find his music. Pot Petit Mitt sang, Schultz accompanied, and Kuntz heard. And they were excited for hours later. How many times did they say when they played music?
"Oh, if you have a craft!"
Schultz was laughing alone in the traffic, with the joy he had and the joy he would bring to his friends. It was almost night. Kuntz's residence was in a small village about half an hour from the town. The sky was clean. It was a very calm April evening. The warbler was singing. The old Schultz was soaked in happiness. I breathed without feeling any pain in my chest, and I felt the strength of my legs as in the 20's. I walked lightly without paying attention to the stones that stumbled in the darkness. When the carriage came, he energetically avoided the roadside and evaded a happy greeting with the coachman. The coachman looked at him in amazement as the light of the horn illuminates the old man on the bank of the road.
When I arrived at Kuntz's house in a small garden at the end of the village, it was already night. He knocked on the door and called out loud. One window opened, and a surprised Kuntz's face appeared. Kuntz looked through the darkness and asked.
"Who is it? What is it for?"
Schultz was out of breath * [# "mouth + joy", 3rd level 1-15-18] and shouted as "Kiki".
"Craft ... Craft will come tomorrow ..."
Kuntz didn't understand anything. But he remembered that voice.
"Schultz! ... What's wrong? At this time. What happened?"
Schultz repeated.
"I'm coming tomorrow, tomorrow morning! ..."
"What?" Kuntz asked, still being taken aback.
"Craft!" Exclaimed Schultz.
Kuntz was thinking about the meaning of the word for a moment. Then he uttered a reverberating and moving word. I understood.
"I'm going down," he exclaimed.
The window was closed again. He appeared at the entrance of the stairs with a lamp in his hand and came down to the garden. A short, drum-bellied old man with a large gray head and a red beard, and a red bruise on his face and hands. He came with a small thigh while blowing the pipe of Seto. This man, who is kind and a little vague, has never been so distracted in his life. However, Schultz's announcement did not make him calm. He asked, moving his short arm and lamp.
"What is it really? Is it coming?"
"It's tomorrow morning," Schultz fluttered with a telegram.
The two old friends went to the bench under Aoba | Shelf << Dana >> and sat down. Schultz took the lamp. Kuntz carefully opened the telegram and read it slowly in his mouth. Schultz read back loudly over his shoulder. Kuntz still looked at the instructions around the telegram, the time it was shipped, the time it arrived, and the number of words. Then he returned the precious piece of paper to Schultz, who was laughing happily, nodding, looking at him, and repeating.
"Oh, okay ... okay! ..."
Then, thinking for a moment, after inhaling a large bite of cigarettes and spitting them out, he put his hand on Schultz's knees and said.
"I have to inform Pot Petit Mitt."
"I will go," Schultz said.
"Let's go together," Kuntz said.
He went home with the lamp and came out again soon. The two old men went out with their arms crossed. Pot Petit Mitt lived on the outskirts of the opposite village. Schultz and Kuntz evaded the empty words above, thinking repeatedly in their minds about the notification. Suddenly Kuntz stopped and hit the ground with a cane.
"Hey!" He said, "I'm not at home ..."
He remembered that Pot Petit Mitt would go to a neighboring town for an operation that afternoon, stay there, and stay for a day or two. Schultz was at a loss. Kuntz was also weakened. They were proud of their pot petit mitts. I wanted to use his skill as a signboard. They didn't know what to do and stopped in the middle of the road.
"What should I do, what should I do?" Asked Kuntz.
"I definitely have to let Craft hear the voice of Pot Petit Mitt," Schultz said.
He said after thinking.
"Let's get a telegram."
The two went to the telegraph station and spelled out a long, moving telegram together that made them feel like they didn't understand anything at all.
Then came back. Schultz was running out of time.
"If you take the first train, you'll be back tomorrow morning."
However, Kuntz cautioned that he would not be in time anymore and said that the telegram could not be in his hands until tomorrow. Schultz nodded. And the two repeated each other.
"I'm weak!"
The two broke up at the gate of Kuntz. Although Kuntz's friendship with Schultz was very deep, he sent Schultz out of the village, and even a short journey, Michinori, was enough to take the brunt of returning alone in the middle of the night. , It wasn't progressing. The next day, Kuntz promised to have lunch at Schultz's house. Schultz looked anxiously at the sky.
"As long as the weather is tomorrow!"
And he got some weight from Kuntz's words. Kuntz, who is said to be a skillful opportunist, sternly looks into the sky-(he, like Schultz, also has a clear view of their small land. I wanted to show Christophe) -and said.
"Tomorrow is a nice day."
Schultz returned to the town again. By the time I reached the town, I stumbled more than once in the ruts and on the stones piled up on the side of the road. Before I got home, I stopped by a confectionery shop and ordered a steamed confectionery, which is a specialty of the town. Then I went home. However, when I went home, I suddenly went back and went to the stop to find out the exact time of the train arrival. At the end, he went home, called Zarome, and had a long discussion with her about the next day's lunch. Finally, I was exhausted and went to the floor. However, he was as excited as a child on the eve of Christmas, and couldn't sleep at all, so he turned over in the futon all night. Around 1 am, I thought I'd get up to tell Zalom to prepare steamed carp for lunch. She was very good at cooking. But he didn't tell her. Of course it was better not to do that. Nevertheless, he still got up and tidied up various things in the room for Christophe. I was very careful not to hear him. I was afraid that I might be scolded. And he realized that Christoph couldn't have arrived before eight o'clock, but could be late for the train. I made preparations from early morning. He looked at the sky in the first place. I had a good idea of ​​Kuntz. The weather was very good. Fearing the cold and the steep ladder steps, I went down to the anagura, which hadn't been in for a long time, with my toes. I chose the best grape liquor bottle. When I came up, I hit my head badly against the ceiling. When I climbed up the ladder with a basket of wine bottles, I felt like I was out of breath. Then I went to the garden with a wooden scissors. The most beautiful roses and the first-blooming branches were mercilessly cut out. Then I went up to my room, hurriedly shaved my beard, injured in one or two places, dressed carefully, and went to the stop. It was seven o'clock. No matter how much Zarome said, he didn't drink a drop of milk. He said Christoph would have to come home without breakfast, so he would eat with him back from the stop.
He arrived at the stop 45 minutes ago. And while waiting for Christoph, I finally missed it. I couldn't stand it and wait at the exit, so I went out to the platform and was confused by the whirlpool of passengers. Despite the clear instructions in the telegram, he imagined that Christoph might come by another train. Also, I never thought that Christoph would get out of the fourth class car. He still stayed at the stop for more than thirty minutes and waited for Christoph. Christoph arrived long ago and went straight to his house. To make matters worse, Zarome had just gone shopping. When Christoph went, the gate was closed. Zarome only asked the neighbor to tell him that he would return as soon as someone came, so the neighbor told him that and didn't say anything. Christoph didn't come to see Zarome and didn't know who he was, so he thought it was a joke. He asked if Schultz, the president of university music, wasn't here. The answer was, but I didn't know where I was going. He went away angry.
The old Schultz came back with a disappointed look, and when he heard about the situation from Zarome, who had just returned, he was at a loss. I just started crying. I was indignant at the servant's stupidity, not even going out in his absence and making arrangements to keep Christoph waiting. Zarome, in the same angry tone, replied that he couldn't think he was stupid enough to overlook the waiting person. But the old man didn't argue with her. Without any grace, I ran down the stairs again and went looking for Christoph in the vague direction that the neighbors would teach me.
Christoph was indignant that no one was there and he didn't get a single excuse. I didn't know what to do until the next train time, so I walked around the beautiful looking fields. It was a small, quiet and peaceful town surrounded by rolling hills. The garden around the house, the flowered cherry tree "Oju", the green turf, the beautiful shadow "Kokage", the pseudo-old ruins "Haikyo", on the marble column stand, between the greens , The white busts of the old queens, their gentle and cute faces. All around the town were ranches and hills. Inside the flowering shrub, the joyful cry of the thrush played a cheerful and cheerful flute ensemble. Christoph's moody Fukigen soon disappeared. He has forgotten Peter Schultz.
The old Schultz ran around the town in vain, asking passers-by. I went up to the old castle on the hill, which rises above the town. I came down again with a sad heart. At that time, his keen eyes, distant, found a man lying in the shadow of the ranch plexus Kusamura. He didn't know Christoph. There was no way to know if the man over there was him. The man turned his back and buried his head halfway in the grass. Schultz was thrilled as he roamed the road around the ranch.
"He ... no, not him ..."
I couldn't even call. Suddenly I came up with a good idea. He sang the first phrase of Christoph's song [# "song" with an emphasis mark].
[# Indent 3 characters from here]
Get up, shake up ...
[# End of indentation here]
Christoph jumped up like a fish out of the water and sang the rest loudly. I turned around happily. He had a bright red face and had grass on his hair. They called each other their names and ran from both sides. Schultz crossed the groove of the road, and Christoph jumped over the fence. They shook hands wholeheartedly, talking loudly and laughing, and came home together. The old man talked about his missteps. A moment ago, Christoph was thinking of leaving Schultz instead of going to see him again, but soon he felt the old man's sincere and kind soul and loved him. By the time they got home, they had already revealed various things.
When I entered the house, there was Kuntz. He was calm and waiting when he heard that Schultz had gone out in search of Christophe. Coffee with milk was served. But Christoph said he had breakfast at the town's barracks. The old Schultz was disappointed. It was a real sadness for him that Christoph's first meal here was not made at his home. Those trivial things were also very important to his affectionate heart. Christoph saw it, was secretly amused, and became more and more fond of him. He said he was hungry enough to have breakfast twice to comfort him. And it actually proved it.
All unpleasant feelings left his head. He felt comfortable and revived among his real friends. He talked about his travels in a humorous way, talking about bittersweet things. It was like a student on vacation. Schultz looked radiant, watching him and laughing from the bottom of his heart.
The story soon turned to what was connecting the three with a secret thread, that is, Christoph's music. Schultz was dying to hear Christoph pulling his work a bit, but he couldn't ask for it. Christoph was walking around the room, talking. As he passed by the open piano, Schultz saw his footsteps. I hoped he would stop there. Kuntz had the same feeling. The two were excited. When he saw, he continued to speak, mechanically sitting on the piano, and then suddenly moving his hand over the key, without looking at the instrument. Schultz was expecting it, so when Christoph played a little arpeggio, he was immediately fascinated by the sound. He continued to play the chords, still speaking. Then I drew the whole phrase. Then he closed his mouth and started playing. The two old men fought off a wise and cunning joyful one.
"Do you know this?" Christoph asked, drawing one of his songs [# "emphasis mark"].
"I know," Schultz said with great joy.
Christoph still did not stop playing, he said while looking back halfway.
"Hey, this piano isn't very good."
The old man was terribly sorry. He apologized.
"It's antique," he humbly said, "same as me."
Christoph turned around, looked at the old man who was begging for forgiveness about his aging, and took his hands with a laugh. He watched over his sincere eyes.
"What are you?" He said, "You are younger than me."
Schultz laughed at me and talked about his old body and illness.
"No, no," Christoph said, "That's not the case. I'm seriously saying. Really, hey Kunts."
(He had already omitted the honorific word "san".)
Kuntz agreed with it with all his might.
Schultz tried to connect himself with the old piano.
"It still makes a really good sound," he said.
And he touched the key "key" -some sounds in the middle of the piano, half an octave, quite fresh. Christoph realized that the instrument was an old friend to him and said kindly-thinking Schultz's eyes.
"Yes, you still have beautiful eyes."
Schultz's face shined. He began to praise his old piano. But then I shut up. Because Christoph pulled it out again. Songs [# "emphasis marks"] were played one after another. Christoph was singing in a low voice. Schultz watched his movements one by one, squinting his eyes. Kuntz put his hands on his belly and closed his eyes to hear better. From time to time Christoph looked back at the two old men with a radiant look. The two were ecstatic. He said innocently, but they didn't feel like laughing.
"Hey, that's okay ... And what do you think of this ... And this is ... this is the best ... --- Come on, let's pull something horrifying-- ……. ”
When he finished playing a dreamy song, the wall clock "Hototogisu" began to cry. Christoph jumped up and yelled. Kuntz was surprised to return to me and moved a big surprised eyeball. Schultz didn't understand at first. Then, when I saw Christoph screaming at the bird greeting him with a fist and yelling at this idiot with this angry monster. For the first time in his life, he felt that the sound was really irresistible. Then he took a chair and tried to climb up to remove the obstacle. But he fell. Kuntz stopped him trying to climb the chair again. He called Zarome. She came slowly as usual, and was taken aback by seeing Christoph's unbearably removed wall clock handed over to her arm.
"Are you telling me what to do with this?" She asked.
"You can do it yourself. Take it with you. Don't show it again," Schultz said in a hurry, like Christophe.
He was wondering why he could endure the unpleasant sound for such a long time.
Zarome certainly thought that everyone was crazy.
Music has begun again. It took a few hours. Zarome came and informed me that he was ready for lunch. Schultz silenced her. She came back ten minutes later, and then again ten minutes later. This time, I was terribly angry. He stood in the middle of the room, waking up a tantrum and trying to dress up in a calm manner. Despite Schultz's desperate gesture, he asked in a blunt voice.
――Which do you want to eat, cold meal or hot meal? It doesn't matter which one she is. I'm just waiting for your instructions.
Schultz was embarrassed by the noisy little word "Kogoto" and wanted to beat her badly. But Christoph started laughing. Kuntz also imitated it. And Schultz finally started laughing as well. Satisfied with the result, Zalom went out around his heels, as if he were a queen forgiving the regrettable people.
"This is a healthy woman!" Christoph said, getting up from the piano. "She's right. There's nothing more irresistible than the audience coming in during a performance."
They arrived at the table. It was a very bulky and nourishing meal. Schultz shook up Zarome's pride. She wanted to show her skill if she had any excuses. And I didn't miss the opportunity to make that excuse. The two old men were very healthy. When Kuntz arrived at the table, he felt a different person. It shined like the sun. It could even be a signboard for a restaurant. Schultz was no less sensitive to treats. But I had to be somewhat conservative because of my poor health. To tell the truth, I often forgot about it. And it received a terrible reward. At that time he didn't complain. Even if he was ill, he at least knew the cause. By the way, like Kuntz, he had a cooking method that he had passed down from parent to child for generations. Zarome always wielded his arm for the passers-by. However, she devised a way to put all her favorite dishes into a single menu. It was like an array of genuine, unforgettable line recipes that hadn't deteriorated at all. All kinds of grass scents, thick sauces, rich potage, exemplary soup meat, wonderful carp, pickled vegetables, goose, homemade sweets, scent There was bread with "Uiki" and Kimen. Christoph was very pleased and ate like a hunger, with his mouth full of cheeks. He inherited great abilities from his father and grandfather who could eat even one goose. Besides, he could live with bread and cheese for a week, and at the opportunity he could eat to the brim. Schultz seemed to be ceremonial and ceremonial, watching him with a gentle eye, and enthusiastically followed the wine from Rhein. Kuntz turned red and thought he was a good eater. Zarome's wide face was laughing with satisfaction. -At first she felt wrong when she saw Christophe coming. Since Schultz had been listening too much in advance, she imagined him as someone who had a decent title with a look that could be called His Excellency. And when I saw him, I couldn't help but make a surprise voice.
"Is this the kind of person?"
However, at the table, Christoph was able to get her favor. She has never met someone who praises her skill so much. She didn't go back to the restaurant, but stopped at the threshold and looked at Christophe. Christoph was making a lot of jokes while eating without resting his mouth. She was laughing with her hands on her hips. Everyone was happy. There was only one sunspot in their happiness. It was that there was no pot pech mitt. They often said that repeatedly.
"Oh, if he was! Only he eats. Only he drinks. Only he sings."
They did not stop complimenting.
"If I could let Christoph hear his song! ... maybe I could. Pot Petit Mitt might come back in the evening, late tonight ..."
"Well, I'm already far away tonight," Christoph said.
Schultz's shining face became cloudy.
"What's far away!" He said in a quivering voice. "No, don't leave."
"I'm leaving," Christoph said cheerfully. "I'm going to take the train again in the evening."
Schultz was disappointed. I intended to stay with Christoph for many nights. He was mumbling.
"No, no, that's not the case! ..."
Kuntz repeated.
"And the pot petti mitt!"
Christoph looked at them. He was moved by the color of disappointment in their good and compassionate faces. He said.
"You are really good people .... Tomorrow morning | Let's leave. How about that?"
Schultz took his hand.
"Oh, good!" He said. "Thank you thank you!"
He was like a child, and tomorrow seemed so far away that he couldn't even think of it. Christoph doesn't leave today, he belongs to him all day, spends the night together and sleeps under the same roof. Schultz thought that much. After that, I didn't want to look anymore.
It became cheerful again. Schultz suddenly stood up and looked foolish. To the guests who visited this small town and their own small house and gained the utmost joy and honor, I gave an impressive celebration to Gyo-san. He hung up the cup, hoping for his delightful return, his success, his honor, all the happiness of the earth, and so on. Then he raised another cup for "noble music" -and for his old friend Kuntz-and for spring-and also remembered the pot pettimit. Kuntz also gave a cup for Schultz and a few others. And Christoph hung the cup for Mr. Zarome to end those celebrations. Zarome turned bright red. After that, he sang a well-known song without giving the benshi a margin of reply. The two old men also started working together. After that, he sang another song, and then sang about friendship, music, and wine in a three-part chorus. Everything was accompanied by the echoing laughter and the sound of the cup that constantly touched.
They got up from the table at 3:30. Everyone was a little lazy. Kuntz sat loosely on the armchair. I wanted to take a rest. Schultz was staggering because of the excitement of the morning and the sickness of the celebration. Both wanted Christoph to play the piano again for hours. But this terrible young man, who is extremely cheerful and agile, may play three or four chords on the piano, then suddenly close the lid, look out the window, and make a round before dinner. I asked. The scenery of the field attracted him. Kuntz didn't seem to be very enthusiastic. However, Schultz immediately thought it was a good idea and showed the promenade of Shane [# "Shane" an emphasis mark], Buff [# "Buff" an emphasis mark], and Werder [# "Werder" an emphasis mark] to the guests. I thought I had to. Kuntz frowned a little. However, he did not go against it and stood up together. He, like Schultz, wanted to show Christoph the beauty of the land.
They went out. Christoph took Schultz's arm and walked a little faster than the old man's carefree gait. Kuntz continued, wiping his sweat. They were talking cheerfully. People stood at the gate and watched them pass, admitting that Professor Schultz was rejuvenating. When they left the town, they crossed the ranch. Kuntz was spilling the heat. Christoph was unfriendly and said the air was refreshing. For the two old men, everyone constantly stopped and argued, and the length of the road was forgotten in the staff. I went into the forest. Schultz recites the line between Goethe and Merike. Christoph was very fond of poetry. But I couldn't catch a single phrase of the poem. He listened and left himself to a vague fantasy, in which the word replaced music and forgot it altogether. He admired Schultz's memory. Most of the year stays in the room, almost for the rest of his life | The energy of this nearly disabled, sick old man who stays in the countryside town-and again young and the center of the art movement There is a huge difference between the two, Hasrel, who has gained fame and roams all over Europe for performances in various parts of the world, and who is not interested in anything and does not know anything. That's it! Schultz was not only familiar with the current aspects of the art world that Christoph knew, but also had a wealth of knowledge about past musicians and foreign musicians that Christoph had never heard of. His memory was like a deep rainwater tank, and all the pure rainwater was stored in it. Christoph pumped the water out without a break. And Schultz was pleased to see Christoph's interest. From time to time, he met humorous listeners and obedient students. However, I have never found a young, ardent heart that can share the emotional emotions that overflow to my breath.
While they were most unraveling, the old man was ill-mannered and praised Brahms. Christoph was trapped in a frosty resentment. He let go of Schultz's arm and slammed him, saying that Brahms lovers couldn't be on his side. Their joy was poured cold water for that. Schultz was too carefree to argue and too honest to tell a lie, so he mumbled while trying to excuse. But Christoph blocked him in one word.
"A lot!"
The sharp tone did not allow a reply. There was a cold silence. They kept walking. The two old men couldn't even see each other. After coughing, Kuntz tried to tie the story again, trying to talk about the forest and the weather. However, Christoph was in a bad mood and refused to proceed, just answering a word or two. Kuntz didn't find any repercussions on this side, so he tried to talk to Schultz to break the silence. However, Schultz couldn't speak because his throat was stuffy. Christoph looked at it sideways and wanted to laugh. He had already forgiven. He never intended to get angry seriously. I even thought that making this merciful old man sad was equal to brute. But he abused his power and didn't want to look like he was reversing his preamble. They remained the same until they left the forest. All I could hear was the dragging footsteps of two embarrassed old men. Christoph was whistling and pretending not to look at them. Suddenly he was dying. He laughed, turned to Schultz, and grabbed his arms with his strong hands.
"Oh, Schultz!" He said, looking gently at his face, "Good, good! ..."
He was talking about the scenery and the weather. But his laughing eyes seemed to say:
"You are a good person. I am a violent person. Please forgive me. I love you."
The old man's heart was unraveled. It was like the sun came out again after the solar eclipse. I couldn't speak without waiting for a moment. Christoph also took his arm and began to speak intimately. I didn't mind that I was so absorbed in it that I was so quick that I was exhausting my companion. Schultz did not complain. I was so happy that I didn't even notice my tiredness. I also knew that I would soon be terrified because of the careless deeds of the day today. However, I was thinking like this.
"It's a disaster for tomorrow! But after he leaves, there will be plenty of time to rest."
However, Kuntz wasn't so excited, he looked poor and continued after 15 or 6 steps. Christoph finally noticed it. He was apologized and apologized. Then he said that he would lie down in the shadow of Hakuyoju on the ranch. I knew it, not to mention Schultz. I didn't even think if it touched my bronchitis. Fortunately, Kuntz thought about it for him. Or at least I used it as an excuse to keep my sweaty body out of the cold of the ranch. He proposed to take the train back to the town from the next stop. It was decided. They were tired, but they had to hurry because they couldn't keep up. And I arrived at the stop just when the train came in.
Seeing them, a generous man jumped out at the entrance to the cabin, waving his arms like a madman, sticking all the titles together and roaring the names of Schultz and Kuntz. It was. Schultz and Kuntz also responded by auctioning their arms. The two rushed to the man's cabin, and even the big man rushed away from the other passengers. Christoph was taken aback and chased after them asking.
"what is it."
The two were screaming while screaming.
"It's a pot petti mitt!"
The name didn't give him a big deal. He forgot about the lunch celebration. Pot Petit Mitt stood at the entrance of the passenger car, and Schultz and Kuntz stood on the steps and talked loudly. They were impressed with the luck. As soon as everyone got on the train, the train left. Schultz introduced me. Pot Petit Mitt suddenly grabbed his face like a stone, stiffened like a stick stake, bowed, and as soon as he gave a series of greetings, he jumped into Christoph's hand and it He shook it five or six times, as if trying to tear it off, and shouted. In his cry, Christoph saw that he was grateful to God and his destiny for this strange situation. Still, shortly afterwards, he was out of town, tapping his thighs, just at the arrival of his teacher [# aside from "teacher"]-a self who had never been out of town. I was out-I couldn't help but blame my bad luck. Schultz's telegram was only available to him an hour after the train left that morning. He was asleep when the telegram arrived and people thought it was better not to wake him up. So he was angry with the inns all morning. I was still angry. He ousted the patient muscles, declined the visit, and hurried home to a random train. However, this yakuza train was not in contact with the main line. Pot Petit Mitt had to wait three hours at a station. There, he used all the words of resentment he knew, and told the passengers and station husbands who were waiting like him many times about his bad luck. Finally the train came out. He was afraid he couldn't make it anymore. …… But thankfully, thankfully! ......
He took Christoph's hand again and patted it in the big palm with hairy fingers. He was surprisingly fat and tall in proportion. Square head, short cut brown hair, chinless face with chin scars, thick eyes, thick nose, thick lips, double ｜ chin, A short neck, a terrifyingly large back, a barrel-like belly, arms protruding from the torso, ridiculously large limbs, a huge chunk of meat that has been deformed by taking too much food and beer, as if it were a chin. He was a human like "Kan". When I go to the town of Bavaria, such people sometimes wander down the street. They retain the secret of a race created by a method of satiety similar to that applied to chickens in a cage. The pot pettimit was shining like a lump of flutter because of the joy and heat. Then, place both hands on your open knees or on the knees of your neighbors, and while listening to your mouth without getting tired, you can hear the consonants in the air with the strength of a sword. I was rolling on my knees. I laughed sometimes and shook my whole body. He turned his head back, opened his mouth, let his nose and throat breathe, and his chest was pinched. The laughter was also transmitted to Schultz and Kuntz. After the bout of laughter, they gazed at Christoph, wiping tears in their eyes. It was as if I was asking him.
"Hey ... what do you think of this guy?"
Christoph didn't think at all. But he was creepy.
"I wonder if this monster sings my music."
Everyone returned to Schultz's house. Christoph wanted to avoid the Pot Petit Mitt song. He didn't say anything, even though Pot Petit Mitt, who was dying to hear, hinted at it. But Schultz and Kuntz were full of desire to brag about their friends. I couldn't help it, so Christoph was pretty reluctant to get on the piano. He thought:
"This person is good! I don't know what you'll see. Be careful. I won't forgive you at all."
He thought he would be worried about Schultz, which made me feel sorry. Still, he decided that he was willing to worry about Schultz rather than tolerate his music being ruined by a man like John Forstaff. However, he was not afraid to worry about Schultz. The big man sang with a nice voice. From the first bar, Christoph made a surprise gesture. Schultz, who kept an eye on him, shook himself. I thought Christoph was unsatisfied. And he was finally relieved after seeing Christoph's face shine more and more as the bullets progressed. He himself became radiant as a result of that joy. When Christoph turned around, screaming that he had never heard his song [# "song" sung] so often at the end of the song, Schultz's joy was It was more fun and deeper than the delight of Christophe, who was happy, and more than that of Pot Petit Mitt, who was good at it. Because they only felt the joy of themselves, but Schultz felt the joy of their two friends. The performance continued. Christoph was amazed. He couldn't understand why this heavy, mediocre man could reveal the idea of ​​his song [# "emphasis mark"]. Of course, the exact shade wasn't quite there. However, the passion that he once couldn't completely infuse into the professional singers was revealed. He was looking at the pot pettimit and flirting.
"I wonder if it really feels."
However, he did not find any flame in the other person's eyes other than the flame of his satisfied pride. One unconscious force was moving the heavy chunk of meat. Its blind and passive power resembled an army fighting without knowing the opponent or the reason. The spirit of the song [# "emphasis mark"] captured its power, and it was willing to submit. I just wanted to be active. If I left it to myself, I wouldn't know what to do.
Christoph thought. The great sculptor of the universe must have been less mindful on the day of his creation in organizing the separated parts of the formed creature. I didn't care if I could get together and make it work, but I tried to put each part together. So each person was to be made of fragments from all directions. And again, the same person was dispersed among five or six separate people. The brain went into one, the mind went into another, and the body suitable for this soul became the possession of another. The instrument is now on one side and the performer is on the other. Some became like a brilliant violin that was permanently boxed without a performer. Those who were made to play had to be content with a lifelong, miserable instrument. He thought this way, too much to be resentful that he couldn't sing even a single page of music well. He had an out-of-tune voice, and when he heard his song, he had no choice but to be disgusted.
Eventually, Pot Petit Mitt got drunk with his success and began to "apply" to Christoph's song [# "song" with an emphasis mark]. In other words, he began to replace Christoph's expression with his own. I didn't think it made my music better, let alone Christophe. His face became cloudy. Schultz noticed it. He had no criticism and was impressed by his friends, so he couldn't admit the bad taste of pot pettimit himself. But because of his love for Christophe, he could also see the most subtle shades of the young man's thoughts. He was no longer in himself, but in Christophe. And he also felt reluctant to exaggerate the pot pettimit. I tried to stop it from that dangerous tendency. However, it was not easy to close the mouth of the pot pech mitt. He sang all of Christoph's songs, and Schultz tried to sing the masterpiece of a mediocre writer, who had already bristled his hair like a porcupine when he heard the name. I didn't know how hard it was to stop him.
Fortunately, there was news of a supper, so Pot Petit Mitt stopped talking. And it was another battle to show his skill. This time it was his solo stage. Christoph was a little tired of eating for lunch, so he wouldn't fight him anymore.
The night was dandruff. Sitting around the table, the three old men were watching over Christophe. They were only giving his words one by one. Thus, it seemed very strange to Christoph that he is now surrounded by old people who have never been acquainted with him in this remote little town, and he is almost more intimate with them than his family. .. If you could imagine that there was an unknown friend in the world where your thoughts met, how well it would be for an artist-so how warm the artist's heart is. Christoph wondered how much power he would get. …… But most of the time that doesn't happen. The more strongly one feels, and the more one wants to say it, the more one is afraid to say what he feels, and he is forever alone and dies alone. Ayu-like folks talk without any pain. Those who love the most deeply have to struggle to open their mouths and say they love. Therefore, we must thank those who dare to say. Such people are unknowingly collaborators of the creators. --Christoph was deeply grateful to the old Schultz. He did not confuse the old Schultz with the other two companions. He felt that Schultz was the soul of these few friends. The other two were just a reflection of this warmth and a living kamado. The friendship between Kuntz and Pot Petit Mitt for him was quite different. Kuntz was an egoist. The music gave me a kind of peaceful satisfaction that the thick cat that was caressed felt. Pot Petit Mitt found the pleasure of arrogance and physical exercise in the music. Neither was trying to understand Christophe. But Schultz completely forgot about himself. He loved it.
It was late at night. The two invited friends returned in the middle of the night. Christoph was alone with Schultz. He said.
"Now, let's draw for you alone."
He played on the piano-when someone's dear person was by his side | He pulled his new work. The old man was ecstatic. He sat beside Christoph and kept his eyes on him, suffocating. And even the slightest happiness couldn't be monopolized, and with a kind heart, he unknowingly repeated (although it was a little annoying to Christoph).
"Oh, I'm sorry that Kuntz is back!"
It's been an hour. Christoph was still on. The two did not change their words. When Christoph finished playing, neither said anything. Everything was silent. The house and the street were asleep. Christoph turned around. The old man's crying caught my eye. He stood up, went by and hugged him. The two spoke low in the tranquility of the night. The dull sound of the wall clock ticking the seconds echoed in the next room. Schultz clasped his hands, bent forward and spoke in a whisper. Asked by Christoph, he told me about his personal and sad things. And I had to say this because I was always afraid to line up my complaints.
"I was bad ... I have no right to complain ... I was very kind to everyone ..."
And he wasn't actually complaining. It was just an unconscious melancholy that emerged from the humble story of a lonely life. The saddest moment, Setuna, was accompanied by a very vague and sentimental confession of idealism. Christoph suffered from it, but it was cruel to defend. In short, what was in Schultz was an ardent desire for belief-an uncertain hope, rather than a firm belief. He clung to it like a buoy. He sought confirmation in Christoph's eyes. Christoph looked at himself with earnest trust and begged for his answer-he heard the appeal of his friend's eyes, instructing him to answer. Then he said calm beliefs and power. The old man was waiting for it and then received a consolation. The old man and the young man forgot the years that separated them. The two were like brothers of the same age who approached each other and loved each other and helped each other. The weaker ones sought support from the stronger ones. The old man was evacuating into the soul of the young man.
They broke up after 12 o'clock. Christoph had to get up early to get on the same train he was on. So I wasn't messing around while stripping my clothes. The old man arranged the guest room as if he had been staying for months. I put a rose and a branch of laurel in a vase on the table. There was a brand new blotting paper on the desk. In the morning, I had him carry a vertical piano. I picked up some of my most important and most favorite books and put them on the small shelf of the pillow head "Chinto". Nothing trivial is something that you haven't thought about lovingly. But it was a waste of time. Christoph didn't see anything. He jumped into the sleeper and immediately fell asleep.
Schultz didn't sleep. At one point I was thinking about all the joy I had received and all the sadness I was feeling about my friend's departure. The words that the two of us exchanged were in my head again. I was thinking that my dear Christoph was sleeping in the immediate vicinity of the wall behind my bed. I was exhausted and disappointed. I felt cold during the walk and the illness was about to recur. But he thought of only one thing.
"As long as he responds until he leaves!"
And when he coughed, he woke up Christoph and was scared. He was full of gratitude to God, and the old Simeon is now dead [# aside from "now dead"] (translator, now servant safely passed away) I started to write poetry based on the chant (Further). ... I got up sweaty to write the poem I made. He then sat down at the table for a long time, politely rewriting it, adding a loving dedication, signing at the bottom, and writing the date and time. Then I trembled and went to the floor again, but my body didn't warm up all night.
Akebono has arrived. Schultz had a regrettable feeling and thought about Akebono the day before. But with that in mind, he blamed himself for disturbing the last remaining moment of happiness. I knew well that the next day I would miss the time I was leaving. He tried not to waste this time at all. He listened to the slightest noise in the next room. But Christoph didn't move. He was still lying on the street where he slept and wasn't moving at all. 6:30 rang. He was still asleep. There was no reason for him to delay the train. And he must have laughed at it. However, the old man was flirty and could not decide on his own without consent from his friend. He said repeatedly in a prank.
"It's not my fault. I have no blame. I just have to tell you. And if he wasn't awake, I would be him for a day. You can spend time with me. "
However, he answered himself.
"No, I don't have that right."
And I thought I had to go to wake up. I knocked on the door. It wasn't immediately heard by Christophe. I had to keep hitting it. It was hard for the old man. He was thinking.
"Oh, how well I'm sleeping! I might keep sleeping until noon ..."
Finally, Christoph's cheerful voice replied from the other side of the wall. He was surprised when he knew the time. I heard him running around the room, getting dressed noisily, singing a piece of verse, calling Schultz intimately through the wall, and joking. The old man was sad, but it made me laugh. The door opened. He looked happy and appeared in a refreshing rest. I never thought that it would hurt the old man. In fact, I didn't have to hurry home. Even if I stayed for a few days, I couldn't help. How pleased Schultz would be! However, Christoph couldn't come up with it clearly. Also, no matter what kind of affection he had for the old man, it was much easier to leave. In a day of constant conversation, I was completely exhausted by the people clinging to me with desperate affection. Besides, he was young and thought there was a period of reunion. Nothing went to the end of the world. --The old man knew that he would soon go farther than the fruits of the world. And he was looking at Christoph for a permanent look.
Although he was extremely tired, he followed up to the stop. A small cold bran rain "Nukaame" was falling silently. At the stop, Christoph opened the deposit and noticed that the train fare to his house was insufficient. I knew that Schultz would be happy to lend me. But I didn't want to ask for it. ……why? The opportunity to take care of something-why not give happiness to loved ones? ... he somehow didn't want it. Probably from self-esteem. He bought a ticket to a station on the way. I was thinking of walking the rest of the road.
The departure time rang. The two embraced each other on the steps of the passenger car. Schultz gently grasped the poem he wrote in the middle of the night in Christoph's hand. He remained on the platform below the cabin. They didn't say anything anymore, as often happens when the moment of farewell is prolonged. But Schultz's eyes kept talking. It stayed on Christoph's face until the train came out.
The train disappeared at the corner of the railroad track. Schultz was alone again. He returned through a tree-lined avenue of mud. I was dragging my legs. I suddenly felt tired, cold and sad on a rainy day. It was a lot of work to get home and to climb the stairs. As soon as I entered my room, I had a bout of shortness of breath and a cough. Zarome came to take care of him. He moaned unconsciously, but he repeated during that time.
"It was a real match! ... It was a real match that didn't happen until now! ..."
He felt terribly bad. I got to the floor. Zalom went to call a doctor. In the bed, his body was thrown out like a piece of cloth. I couldn't even move. Only that chest was gasping like a bellows. My head was heavy and hot. He spent the day thinking of each moment of the previous day and then to it. It made me feel painful, and then I blamed myself for complaining after that happiness. He waved his hands, his heart was full of love, and he thanked God.
Christoph was clear for this day, and the affection he left behind made him more confident and returned to his hometown. When I reached the station at the end of the ticket, I got off the train cheerfully and proceeded on foot. I had to walk about 60 kilometers. I didn't have to hurry, so I hung around like an elementary school student. It was April. The fields weren't very scenic. At the tip of the black tree branch, the leaves were open like small wrinkled hands. Flowers were in bloom on several apple trees. A thin, stretched wild rose was smiling on the banks of the porridge. In the forest where the leaves are calm, fine pale green sprouts are sprout, and on the top of the small hill that can be seen beyond that, like a booty that pierced the spear. A romantic old castle towered. Black clouds were flying in the very gentle blue sky. The shadows ran over the springy fields. The rain has passed. Then the bright sun appeared again and the little bird began to sing.
Christoph noticed that he had been thinking about his uncle Gottfried from earlier. He hadn't thought of this merciless uncle for a long time. And now, I wondered why those memories came to me relentlessly. As I followed the tree-lined avenue of Hakuyoju along the clear canal, the memories came to me. The image was so flickering in my eyes that I was wondering if my uncle could come from the other side when I turned the corner of a big wall.
The sky was cloudy. A heavy shower of hail began to fall, and a whistle rang in the distance. Christoph was approaching a village. The front of the rose-colored rose and the red roof of the house were visible between the bushes. He hurried and avoided under the eaves of the first house. The hail had fallen without any gaps. It made a noise on the roof and bounced back and forth like a grain of lead. The ruts were full of rainwater. A rainbow, like a shining and terrifying band, hung from the flowered orchard on the blue-black clouds.
A young girl was knitting while standing at the entrance of the door. She was close and told Christoph to join. He followed the recommendation. When I went there, the room was used as a kitchen, a dining room, and a bedroom. In the back was a pot on top of a thriving fire. The peasant woman, who had been selecting vegetables, greeted Christoph and said that she would stop by the fire and dry her clothes. The young girl fetched a bottle of wine and gave him a drink. Then he sat on the other side of the table, continuing to knit and paying attention to his two children. Children squeeze the ears of grass, which are said to be "Dorobou" in the countryside [# "Dorobo" as an emphasis mark] and Kaentotsuya [# "Entotsuya" as an emphasis mark], into the neck. I was playing. The daughter started talking to Christoph. Eventually he realized she was blind. She wasn't beautiful at all. She was a strong girl with red cheeks, white teeth, and strong arms, but her face was not well-organized. It looked a little expressionless and smiling, as seen by many blind people. Also, as a habit of being blind, he talked about things and people as if he could see. When I was told that he had a nice complexion and that the scenery of the field was very good today, Christoph was surprised at the beginning and wondered what kind of joke he was. But after comparing the blind daughter with the woman who was sorting the vegetables, I found that it was not surprising. The two women intimately asked Christoph where they came from and where they came from. The blind girl was a little flirty with the exaggeration and spoke out. Approved and annotated Christoph's observations of roads and fields. Of course her words were often off the mark. She seemed to want to assume that she could see as well as he did.
Other members of the family are back. He was a sturdy farmer, about thirty years old, and his young wife. Christoph spoke in turn for everyone. And while looking at the clear sky, I was waiting for the time to go out. The blind girl was carrying a knitting needle and singing a song "Fushi" in a whisper. The verse reminded Christoph of various old things.
"Oh, do you know that too?" He said.
(Gottfried taught Christoph a long time ago.)
He sang the continuation low. The young girl started laughing. She sang the first half of the song, and he happily sang the rest to the end. He got up and went to see the weather. Then, when I casually looked around the room to every corner, I was surprised to find something in the corner near the cupboard. It was a long cane with a bent head, and a poorly carved handle revealed a small man bowing down. Christoph knew it well. I used to play with it in my childhood. He jumped at the cane and asked in a breathtaking voice.
"Why ... why do you have this?"
The man looked at him and said.
"My friend left me, my old friend who died."
Christoph shouted.
"Are you a Gottfleet?"
Everyone turned to him and asked.
"Why do you know?"
When Christoph said that Gottfried was his uncle, everyone was surprised. The blind daughter stood up. A ball of yarn rolled into the room. She came in with a knit, took Christoph's hand and repeated.
"Are you your nephew?"
Everyone was speaking at once. Christoph also asked.
"But why do you ... why do you know?"
The man answered.
"I died here."
People sat down again. When the emotions subsided, the mother went to work again and told her that Gottfried had stopped by for several years. Gottfried always stopped here on the way to and from the peddler. When I last arrived-(it was July last year) -it looked very tired. I couldn't speak for a while even after I took down the package. But no one cares because he was accustomed to seeing it every time he came and knew that he was short-lived. He didn't complain. I've never complained. He always found the seeds of satisfaction in the unpleasant things. When I was doing a painstaking job, I enjoyed thinking that I would be happy to sleep in the evening. When I was in pain, I was wondering how much fun it would be if the suffering disappeared ...
"But don't always be satisfied," added the good old lady. "For some reason, no one will be merciful unless you complain. I always complain ..."
By the way, no one paid attention to him. He even joked that he had a nice complexion. And a modesta-(it was the name of a young blind girl) -came to unload his luggage and asked him if he wouldn't get tired of walking around like a young man. He just smiled as the answer. I couldn't speak. He sat on the stool in front of the door. People went to work, men went to the field, mothers went to the kitchen. Modesta went by the stool. Then he talked to Gottfried while leaning against the door and picking up a standing knit. He didn't reply. But she didn't ask for a reply. He talked about everything that happened since he came last time. He was breathing painfully. I heard the sound of breathing as I tried to speak. She didn't care and told him.
"Don't talk. Rest your body. Talk later .... I wonder if you can get so tired ..."
Then he didn't speak anymore. She continued talking, thinking he was listening. He took a breath and then quietly. After a while, when his mother came out, Modesta was still talking, and Gottfried turned his head and looked up at the heavens, not moving on his stool. From the beginning, Modesta was talking to the dead. At that time, she finally realized that this merciful man tried to say a few things before he died, but he couldn't do it, so he gave up with a sad smile and gave up on the summer evening. I closed my eyes in peace ...
The rain had already stopped. The bride went to Umaya. My son took a pickaxe and kidnapped the groove on the table, which was full of mud. Modesta had gone away from the beginning of the story. Christoph remained alone with his mother in the room, struck by the feeling and kept silent. The old woman, Rouba, was a little talkative and couldn't stand the long silence. And he started talking about all the fellowship with Gottfried. It was a long time ago. Gottfried was in love with her when she was still young. He couldn't confess it. But people were making fun of him. She was ridiculing him. Everyone was ridiculing him. -(He used to be ridiculed everywhere.)-Still, Gottfried came faithfully every year. He took it for granted that people would ridicule him, that she wouldn't love him at all, and that she would marry another man and live happily. She was too happy. I was too proud of my happiness. And unhappiness happened. The good man "Oops" died suddenly. Next, my daughter-a healthy, solid and beautiful girl, who was impressed by everyone and was supposed to marry the son of the land's most wealthy farmer, lost her eyesight due to a disaster. I have. One day she climbed a large pear tree on the back and picked up the pear, but the ladder slipped down. As she fell, she slammed a broken branch near her eyes. At first, everyone thought they would be fine with a little scar. But since then she has been constantly afflicted by the severe pain in her forehead. One eye became cloudy, then the other. No matter how much I treated, it was no good. Of course, the marriage was broken. The engaged man disappeared without saying any reason. And, of the young men who had been competing with her to dance with her until January, she had the courage to combine her arms with this disabled daughter-(it is reasonable to have courage). There was no one. Then, Modesta, who had been carefree and smiling until then, fell into despair to the point of dying. She didn't even eat, and kept crying from morning till night. Even at night, she was heard mourning on the floor. People didn't know what to do anymore. I had no choice but to mourn with her. Then she was crying more and more. Everyone finally had her complaint. Then I slammed. She said she would throw herself into the canal. Sometimes a pastor came. He talked about God, eternal matters, and the arrangements that can be obtained in his world, while enduring the present suffering. But it didn't comfort her at all. One day, Gottfried came. Modesta once didn't do much to him. She wasn't malicious, but she tended to look down on people. And again, I loved laughing without thinking deeply. She was doing all the nasty things towards him. By the way, he was terribly surprised to find out about her misfortune now. But I didn't show it at all. He went by her and sat down, didn't say anything about her calamity, and spoke calmly as before. I didn't say I'm sorry. It was as if she hadn't noticed her blindness. But he didn't talk about anything she couldn't see. She only talked about what she could hear and notice in that situation. Moreover, it was simply done as a matter of course. He himself seemed to be blind as well. At first she kept crying without listening. But the next day, I started listening a little and even spoke a little ...
"And," the mother continued, "I don't know what he said to his daughter. I had to get rid of the hay, and I had a chance to get caught in my daughter." 》 Wasn't there. In the evening, when we came back from the field, my daughter was talking quietly. Then she got better and better. She seemed to forget her misfortune. But again, sometimes it started again. I shed tears and tried to tell Gottfried something sad, but Gottfried seemed inaudible. My daughter didn't try to leave the house for a while after the disaster, but at last she recommended me to walk outside. She took her with me. At first I only walked a little around the garden, but then he walked a long way towards the fields, and now my daughter is no longer able to see, wherever she goes. I understand and I know everything. I see things that we don't care about. I wasn't interested in things that weren't close to me before, but now I'm interested in anything. At that time Gottfried stayed in our house longer than usual. We couldn't ask him to delay his departure, but he wanted his daughter to be more calm. He stayed with me until I saw it. One day-my daughter was over there in the courtyard-I heard the laughter. What did I feel when I heard it? I can't tell you. Gottfried also looked very happy. Gottfried was sitting beside me. We looked at each other. You, I can tell without any dark feelings. Yes, I hugged him from the bottom of my heart, and he told me.
"I think I can go out. I don't have to be there anymore. 』\
I tried to hold back. But that person said:
"No, I have to go out now. I can't stay any longer. 』\
As everyone knows, that person was like a wandering Jew. I couldn't live in one place. I couldn't force myself to stop. And that person went out. However, he has made it easier for me to pass here than before. Each time, Modesta was overjoyed. After that person came, I'm sure it was better than before. I started to work at home. After my brother gets married, he will take care of the children. Now I never complain and I always look forward to it. I sometimes wonder if my daughter can be so happy with her eyes. Yes, but it's not uncommon for people to think that it's better to be like a daughter and not see the unpleasant people and bad things. The world is getting really ugly. It gets worse day by day. However, I feel that it is okay for God to scold me for such words. And to tell you the truth, no matter how messy the world is, I still want to keep looking at the world ... "
Modesta has appeared again. The story was distracted. Christoph wanted to go out because the weather was getting better. But people didn't realize. He was forced to spend the night with him as a midnight snack. Modesta sat beside Christoph and stayed overnight. He was merciful about the fate of this young girl and wanted to talk to him. But she didn't give her the opportunity. She just asked about Gottfried. When Christoph told her something she didn't know, she was happy and a little jealous. She wasn't willing to talk about Gottfried. Obviously I didn't say it at all. Or to say the least, I regretted it after I said it. Memories were her property and she didn't want to share them with others. In her love, there was a sharpness like a peasant woman who was obsessed with the land. It was unpleasant for her to think that there was someone who loved Gottfried as often as she did. In fact she didn't want to believe that. Christoph read his heart and left her happy. Listening to her, he realized that she had seen Gottfried in the past, but since she was blind, she has created a completely different look. On top of that illusion, she laid down all the demands of love within her. Nothing interfered with the work of the illusion. She told Christoph with the bold conviction of a blind man who was willing to create things he didn't know.
"You look like that person."
He understood that she had been living in a house where the shutters were closed and the true light did not shine for several years. And now that I remember seeing in the darkness that is trapped around me and forget about the darkness, if I meet a ray of light that shines into the darkness, I'm probably afraid of it. Will. With Christoph, she talked about the gentle pieces and brought out all the little things that were pretty childish. Christoph wasn't very excited about that story. He was reluctant to talk about the waste. He couldn't understand why such a terrible sufferer would be amused by such a trivial matter without becoming more serious in his suffering. He sometimes tried to talk about something more important. However, there was no response to it. Modesta couldn't get into the big story-I didn't want it.
People got to the floor. Christoph couldn't sleep for a long time. He thought of Gottfried and tried to separate it from Modesta's childish memories. But I was frustrated because I couldn't do it easily. I was deeply moved to think that my uncle died here and that his body must have rested on this sleeper. Unable to speak to his blind daughter, he closed his eyes and died, trying to remind him of his dying agony. He wanted to open his eyelids and read somehow the secrets of this soul that had left without anyone knowing, and perhaps even himself, the thoughts hidden beneath them. !! However, this soul itself did not ask for such a thing at all. All that wisdom was in not wanting wisdom. I didn't want to force my will into things, but I left myself to the course of things and accepted and loved them. Thus he was assimilated with the mysterious essence of things. And doing so good to this blind daughter, Christoph, and many who are surely unknown, instead of bringing the conventional word of human rebellion against nature, the peace of nature itself. Because it brought about a reconciliation. He was giving grace to people like fields and forests. ... Christoph remembered the night he spent in the field with Gottfried, the walk he was taken to his child's cage, and the stories and songs he heard in the middle of the night. On a winter morning of despair, I remembered the last walk I tried with my uncle on a hill overlooking the town. And tears came to my eyes. He didn't want to sleep. Now that I happened to arrive in this countryside full of Gottfried's soul, I didn't want to waste this sacred night at all. However, while listening to the sound of the springs flowing irregularly and the sharp cry of bats, the tough fatigue of youth overcame his will. And he fell asleep.
By the time he woke up, the sun was shining and the farmers were already working. There was only an old woman and children in the lower room. The young couple was out in the field. Modesta was out to squeeze the milk. I couldn't find it when I searched. Christoph didn't wait for her return. I didn't even want to see her. And he said he was in a hurry. After asking the old lady to say hello to everyone, he went out.
When he leaves the village, at the corner of the road, on the slope at the base of the mountain * [# "tree + inspection", 3rd level 1-85-84] child "Sanzashi", the "Magaki", the blind daughter I saw him sitting.
She listened to his footsteps, stood up, approached with a smile, and took his hand and said.
"welcome."
The two went up across the ranch and went out into a small field with flowers. There was a cross standing on the people, and the village was looked down on. She took him to a grave and said.
"This is it."
They knelt down. Christoph remembered a tomb that once knelt with Gottfried. And thought.
"Soon it will be my turn."
However, at that time, there was no sadness in this idea. The spirit of peace was rising from the land. Christoph embarked on the tomb and shouted very low to Gottfried.
"Enter me! ..."
Modesta prayed while combining her hands and silently moving her lips. Then, while groping for grass and flowers, I went around the grave with my kneecap. She seemed to caress those grasses and flowers. Her grievous fingertips were recognizable one by one. I gently pulled out the trunk and color of the withered ivy, such as the fading violets. As she stood up, she put her hand on the stone slab. When Christoph saw, his finger was gently stroking every single letter of the name Gottfried. she said.
"I feel good on the ground this morning."
She extended her hand. He helped. She touched him to the damp, frosty ground. He kept her hand. The two entwined fingers were in the soil. He embraced Modesta. She kissed him.
The two stood up. She offered him the momentum of the violets she had picked, and put the wilted violets in her chest. After dusting their knees, they left the graveyard without a word. A skylark was singing in the field. A white butterfly was flying around their heads. The two sat down in a ranch. The smoke of the village was rising straight into the rain-washed sky. The quiet canal was shining among the white Yang trees. The haze of blue light was lightly wrapping the ranch and forest.
After being silent for a while, Modesta talked low about the good weather, as if he could see. I opened my lips a little and breathed in the air. I was listening to the sounds of creatures. Christoph also knew the value of such music. He said a word she couldn't say while thinking. He named the faint cry and warfare that can be heard under the grass and in the depths of the air. she said.
"Oh, do you know?"
He replied that Gottfried taught him to distinguish between them.
"Are you too?" She said somewhat uncomfortable.
He wanted to say this.
"Don't be jealous."
However, he saw the holy light smiling around them, looked at her blind eyes, and felt mercy and mercy.
"Then," he asked, "I taught you Gottfried."
She replied so and said she could enjoy it even better now than before. -(She didn't say what was before. She avoided saying the word blind [# "blind" as an emphasis mark].)
The two talked a little. Christoph looked at her with sympathy. She felt being looked at. He wanted to say that he felt sorry for her and wanted her to confide in her heart. He asked gently.
"You must have suffered."
She was silent and stiff. I plucked the leaves of the grass and chewed it silently. Eventually-(the song of the skylark went far into the sky) -Christoph said that he was also unhappy and that Gottfried helped him. He talked about his suffering and difficulties as if he was thinking aloud. The blind girl shined her face on the story and listened carefully. Watching, Christoph saw her trying to speak. She moved to approach and extended her hand to him. He also embarked on-but already she was back in a cool mood. And when he finished speaking, she just returned a few mediocre words. Behind the high forehead without any wrinkles, I could feel the stubbornness of a countryman like a stone. She said she had to go home to take care of her brother's children. He was smiling, calm and speaking.
He asked.
"You are happy."
She seemed even more happy to hear him say so. She replied that she was happy, insisted on why she should be happy, and tried to convince him of it. She talked about her children, her house, and so on ...
"Yes, really," she said, "I'm very happy."
She stood up to go home. He also stood up. The two were indifferent and cheerful, dodging goodbye. Modesta's hand quivered a little in Christoph's hand. she said.
"Today is a nice day to walk."
And he took care of various turns that should not be mistaken.
The two broke up. He went down the hill. I got down and looked back. She stood in the same place at the top. He shook his handkerchief and signaled him as if he could be seen.
The stubbornness of denying one's misfortune included a tragic and humorous one. Christoph was moved and afflicted by it. He felt how Modesta deserved pity and even praise. And he wouldn't have lived with her for two days. -Following the path between the flowered rattan, he was also thinking of the dear old Schultz and the clear and gentle eyes of the old man. His eyes didn't want to see them, even though many sorrows passed in front of them, and they didn't see the unpleasant reality.
"How does he see me," he asked himself. "I'm very different from what he sees. I'm the person he wants for him. For him everything is in his own right, with himself Also pure and noble. If he sees life as it is, he probably can't stand it. "
He also thought of his current daughter. Surrounded by darkness, she denied the darkness, wanted to believe that there was nothing, and wanted to believe that there was nothing.
At that time, he acknowledged the greatness of German idealism. He hated it so often because it was the source of hypocritical and false princely folly in a mediocre soul. But now he acknowledges the beauty of this belief, creating a different world in the middle of the world, like an isolated island in the ocean. ――But he couldn't bear that belief himself. He didn't agree to evacuate to such a "dead island" ... Just life! Just the truth! He didn't want to be a hero who lied. That optimistic falsehood was probably necessary for the vulnerable to live. Taking away the supportive illusions from those unfortunate people, Christoph also wanted to see this as guilty. However, he himself could not rely on such deception. He wanted death rather than living in illusion ... But isn't art also an illusion? --No, art should not be an illusion. The truth! Truth! Open both eyes wide, inhale the intense energy of life from the pores of the whole body, look at things as they are, look straight at unhappiness--and laugh.
It's been a few months. Christoph lost the hope of leaving his town. Hasrel, the only one who could have saved him, refused to help. The friendship of the old Schultz was also taken away shortly after being given.
He wrote a letter to Schultz once after returning. And I received two loving letters. However, he delayed thanking him for his dear words, especially because of his sullen feelings and the difficulty in transcribing his thoughts. I postponed the reply day by day. And when I finally decided to write, a short stool came from Kuntz, reporting the death of my old friend. According to the announcement, Schultz had a recurrence of bronchitis, which turned into pneumonia. He constantly talked about Christoph and forbade him not to let him know and worry. Although extremely debilitated and prone to illness for many years, it was still a long and painful death. He asked Kuntz to inform Christoph of his death, thinking about him until the end, thanking him for all the happiness he owed, and blessing him from behind the grass while he was alive. I was asking him to tell him that he was there. --The only thing Kuntz couldn't say was that the day he spent with Christoph was probably the cause of the recurrence of the illness and the cause of his death.
Christoph silently shed tears. Only then did he feel all the value of his lost friend and how much he loved him. As usual, I suffered from not saying that well. I wasn't in time anymore. And what was left in his hands? The good Schultz had just appeared to make the posthumous emptiness even more vain. --Kuntz and Potpechimit had no value other than their friendship with Schultz and Schultz's friendship with them. Christoph wrote them once. And that was the only relationship. --He wrote a letter to Modesta again. But she sent me a mediocre letter. Only trivial matters were mentioned in it. He gave up on continuing correspondence. He didn't write anymore. Nobody sent me a letter anymore.
Silence, silence. A heavy cloak of silence hung over Christophe day by day. It was like raining ashes. It seemed like I was in my later years. Moreover, Christoph was just beginning to live. He didn't want to give up anymore. It wasn't time to sleep. I had to live ...
And he couldn't live in Germany anymore. The suffering of his talent, squeezed by the narrowness of a small town, made him desperate and even fraudulent. His nerves were exposed. Everything hurt him enough to spill blood. He was like that miserable beast, trapped in a hole in a park or in a cage and suffering from boredom. Christoph went to see those beasts out of sympathy. He watched over the marvelous eyes of the beasts. A fierce, desperate flame was burning in his eyes-it was disappearing day by day. Oh, how do they want a violent shooting to free them! Compared to the ferocious coldness of human beings who prevent them from living and dying, anything is far more desirable!
What felt most oppressive to Christoph was not the hostility of the people. It was an indefinite nature with no shape or roots in people. What should I do against the relentless opposition of people with narrow, stubborn brains who refuse to understand all new ideas? There are pickaxes and explosives that smash rocks, which are powerful against power. However, there is no way for an amorphous mass that is wet like a coagulum, dents even with a little pressure, and leaves no trace. All thoughts, all energies, all died in the mud. Even if one stone fell, there were only a few ripples on the surface of the abyss. Its chin opened and closed again. And there were no traces of what was there anymore.
They were not enemies. Rather thank you if you are an enemy! They were all powerless people who loved, hated, believed, and disbelieved-in religion, art, politics, and everyday life. All their energy was devoted to trying to reconcile what could not be reconciled. Especially since the German victory, they have planned a conspiracy to hate a compromise between new power and old principles. Old idealism was not abandoned. That is where the liberation efforts that people cannot do are left. They were content to distort idealism because it did not serve Germany's interests. For example, keep calm and look at Hegel on both sides. He waited for the campaign between Leipzig and Waterloo and made the purpose of his philosophy the same as the Prussian state-as interests changed, so did his principles. When people were defeated, Germany said that humanity was the ideal. Now, another way to overcome it is that Germany is the ideal of mankind. In the case where other nations are mighty, along with Lessing, "Patriotism is one brave weakness [#" Patriotism is one brave weakness "], and it is not necessary [#" It is not necessary. It's an emphasis on "things"], "they said, calling me" the citizens of the world [# the emphasis on "the citizens of the world"]. Now that he has won the victory, he despises the fantasy of "French style [#" French style "", world peace, fraternity, peaceful progress, human rights, and innate equality. 》 I was thinking about it. They said that the strongest nation has absolute rights to other nations, and that other nations have no rights to this nation because of their weaknesses. The strongest nation was a living god, an incarnation of ideals, whose progress was made by war, violence and oppression. Now when power was in you, power was sacred. Power became every ideal and intelligence.
To tell the truth, Germany has suffered so much from having ideals and lacking power for centuries that it needs power first and foremost after many hardships. Then, it is something that should be done to make a painful confession. However, how anguish lurked in this confession of the people of Heldel and Goethe! And this German victory was abandonment and corruption of Germany's ideals ... Ah, given the lamentable obedience tendency of the good Germans, such abandonment was nothing more than easy.
Mosel had already said about a century ago.
"Germans are characterized by obedience [#" Germans are characterized by obedience "]. "
Mrs. Staël also said.
"They bravely submit [#" they bravely submit "by the sidelines]. The most philosophical and good things in the world [# the emphasis on "the most philosophical and good things in the world"], that is, the respect for power and [# the emphasis on "the respect for power"], change this respect into praise. Astonishing impressions, etc. [# Emphasis marks on "Amazing impressions that change this respect and become praise"], to explain it [# Emphasis marks on "to explain it"], they Use philosophical reasoning [# "They use philosophical reasoning" as an emphasis mark]. "
Christoph found the right emotion in everyone, from the greatest to the smallest in Germany. Above was Wilhelm Tell of Schiller. This strict little citizen with a muscular bone like a man, as the free Jew Berne said, "in front of His Majesty's hat pillar [# in front of His Majesty's hat pillar"], To prove that he didn't see the hat and didn't disobey the salute order [# "to prove that he didn't see the hat and didn't disobey the salute order" ], While passing with his eyes down [# "passing with his eyes down"], he tried to compromise his honor and fear [# he tried to compromise his honor and fear "]. There was a respectable old professor, Weise, who was 70 years old. He was one of the most prestigious scholars in the town, but when he saw a lieutenant palace [# a lieutenant at the lieutenant palace], he hurriedly surrendered the height of the sidewalk and descended onto the driveway. It was. Christoph remembered the blood spilling when he saw the resident subservient and trivial act. I felt painful as if I was the one who despised me. The arrogant appearance of the officers who pass each other in the traffic, and their arrogant way of Zhuansun Shi, gave him a feeling of secret anger. He didn't show them any way. When I passed by, I looked back with the same arrogant eyes as they did. There was more than one time when I started fighting with a little bit. It was as if he was seeking a quarrel. However, he did not dare to fall behind in admitting the dangerous uselessness of such a vain. But sometimes he felt messed up. I was constantly restraining myself, and I was irritated because I wasn't spending any of my stubborn power. Then I could do anything stupid. I felt like I would be ruined if I stayed here for another year. The barbaric militarism that rests on you, the sword that rings on the pavement, the many fork guns, and the muzzle that is just firing toward the town. He hated the cannons in front of the barbarians, those. There were many obscene novels that were well-received at the time, exposing corruption in all military camps, large and small. The officers are all portrayed as virtuous figures, except for their self-mechanical duties, just spending days on laziness, drinking, gambling, holding debt, They sought help from others, sweared at each other, and abused their power over those below them, regardless of their rank. Christoph felt squeezed in his throat just because he thought he had to submit to them the other day. I couldn't bear to see myself insulting and insulting from them, and I couldn't stand it. He did not know the spiritual greatness of some of them. He didn't know what they were suffering from. Lost illusions, abused and abused, many powers, youths, honors, beliefs and aspirations of sacrifice-a meaningless profession. If it is just one profession, if it is not for the purpose of sacrifice, it is no longer a pathetic activity, an incompetent clown, and It's just an example of chanting without believing in yourself.
Christoph was no longer satisfied in his homeland. At a certain time, like the ebb and flow of the tide, he felt in himself that mysterious power that suddenly and unavoidably awakened in some kind of bird-it was. It was the instinct of great migration. While reading the books of Helder and Fichte bequeathed by the old Schultz, he found the same soul in it-rather than the child of the land obsessed with the clod [# "emphasis mark of the child of the land"]. , The spirit that has no choice but to turn toward the light [# the emphasis mark on the "spirit"], the child of the sun [# the emphasis mark on the "child of the sun"].
Where should I go? He didn't know that. But his eyes were on the Latin country of Southern Europe. And first to France. France is Germany's usual shelter in turmoil. German thought has been taken care of many times while continuing to speak badly about France! What charm has emerged from the big city that was burned and crushed under German fire, even after 1870! The most revolutionary and most retrospective forms of thought and art found examples and inspirations there, either sequentially or sometimes at the same time. Christoph also turned to Parry, just as many of the great German musicians fell into adversity ... How much did he know about the French? --The faces of the two women and some books that I read randomly. But that alone was enough for him to imagine a country of lightness, cheerfulness, and energy, and a country with some goal-like pride for a bold young heart. He believed that France was such a country. Because I had to believe that, and I sincerely hoped that it would be the case.
He decided to leave. ――But I couldn't leave for my mother.
Luisa was getting older. She loved her son. The son was all of her joy. And she was all that he loved most in the world. But they were suffering from each other. She had little understanding of Christophe and was unwilling to understand it. I just tried to love him. She had a narrow, timid and vague spirit, and also had a strong desire to be loved and loved, which somehow moved and oppressed the memorable heart. She respected her son, Musuko, as a great scholar, but he did nothing but choke his genius. I thought he would stay beside him in this small town for the rest of his life. I've lived with them for years and I had to think that they would stay in the same state all the time. Thus she was happy. Why can't he be happy either? Let him marry a carefree middle-class daughter in the city, hear him bounce the organ of the church on Sunday, and stay with her forever, that's her. It was the whole range of my dreams. She always saw her son when she was eleven or two years old. I didn't want it to be any more. And she was suffering from an unfortunate boy who was alive in this narrow heaven and earth, without a bad heart.
However, many of these unconscious philosophies of mothers who do not understand what ambitions are and put all their happiness in life on the love of the family and the fulfillment of their modest duties. There was the truth of-one spiritual greatness. It was a soul that wanted to love, a soul that only wanted to love. Rather than abandoning love, I preferred to abandon life, reason, logic, the whole world, everything! And this love was endless, begging and demanding. It gave everything and wanted it all. It sacrificed life for love, and sought the same sacrifice for others and for those they loved. Oh, the power of simple soul love! Its power is, for example, the exploratory theory of unstable geniuses such as Tolstoy, or the overly refined art of a dying civilization, the life of fierce struggle and devoted efforts-century. When it's over, you can see at a glance what kind of consequences you will arrive at ... However, the arrogant world that was roaring in Christophe had a far different law and demanded other wisdom.
He wanted to tell his mother his decision for a long time. But I was terribly afraid of the suffering I would give my mother. When I tried to put it in my mouth, I felt cowardly and put it off again. Still, a couple of times he hinted at his departure. But Luisa didn't take it seriously-perhaps because he didn't think he was joking himself, he pretended not to take it seriously. Then he couldn't go any further. I was just thinking about gloomy. It seemed to be a secret that was heavy in my heart. And the merciful girlfriend was instinctively trying to delay her confession because she could realize what the secret was. In the evening, when she sat close to each other in the Hokage of the lamp and fell into silence, she suddenly felt that he was ready to say something. Then she was so scared that she quickly said something random and irrelevant. I didn't even know what I was saying. But I had to prevent him from saying it. Usually she instinctively found the best thing that kept him silent. He quietly complained about his health, his limbs that had been swollen, and his knees that were becoming paralyzed. She exaggerated her worries and said she had become a useless and incompetent grandmother. But he wasn't deceived by such childish tricks. He was sadly looking at her with silent accusations. Soon after, he stood up with the excuse that he was tired and would go to the floor.
However, such means could not save Luisa for a long time. One night, when she relied on that means again, Christoph courageously put her hand on the old mother's hand.
"Mom, I have something to talk about."
Luisa was shocked. But as he tried to smile, he replied-squeezing his throat.
"what do you mean."
Christoph said his intention to leave, though he was mumbling. As usual, she joked about it and tried to distract her. But he didn't soften his temper, and he kept saying it in a serious manner, which he thought so much, so there was no doubt about it anymore. Then she grabbed her mouth, stopped the flow of blood, became cold silently, and stared at him with afraid eyes. And the color of Kumon came into her eyes, and he couldn't even speak. And both of them were dead. At last she took a breather and said. -(The lips were shaking.)
"That's you ... That's ..."
Two large tears flowed on her cheeks. He turned aside, disappointed, and hid his face in both hands. The two cried. After a while, he went into his room and stayed in until the next day. The two no longer said it to their lips. And because he didn't say anything, she tried to believe that he had abandoned the plan. Still, I was always worried.
In the meantime, he couldn't keep silent anymore. I had to talk about it, even if it would make her feel like having an intestine. He was too painful. Selfishness towards her suffering overcame the idea of ​​suffering her. He opened his mouth. I went to the end, not looking at my mother for fear of being disturbed. I set it until the day of departure so that I would never argue again. -(I didn't know if I would have the sad courage of today next time.)-Luiza was screaming.
"No, no, don't say that! ..."
He stiffened himself and continued to say with a strict determination. After all-(she was sobbing) -he took her hand and made her understand how it takes a while to go out for life for her art. I tried. She refused to hear, shed tears, and repeated.
"No, no! No ..."
He was useless no matter how much he explained to her, so I thought that her way of thinking might change at night, so I just stood up. But when he was with him again the next day, he began to talk about the plan again without any compassion. She dropped a bite of bread on her lips and said in a sad blame.
"Then I want to hurt me."
He was moved, but he still said.
"Mom, that's what you need."
"No, no," she repeatedly said, "Is that necessary ... to worry me ... it's like madness ..."
The two tried to persuade each other. However, they did not hear each other's words. He realized that the discussion was useless. The debate has only helped to afflict each other more and more. And he started preparing for departure as a stubborn "cancer".
Luisa sank in gloomy grief when she saw that she couldn't hold him back no matter how much she wished. I stayed in the room all day and didn't turn on the lights even in the evening. I couldn't speak anymore and didn't eat. I heard the cry at night. He felt like he was cut off. Being caught in regret, I couldn't sleep all night, and while I was tumbling, I made a bitter voice in the floor. He loved his mother so much! Why did she have to suffer? ... Oh, she won't be the only one suffering. He knew it well ... For what reason did destiny put in him the desire and power to fulfill a mission that afflicts loved ones?
"Oh, if I were free," he thought, "if I try to be what I should be, or if I can't, I'm ashamed and hated of myself." How happy you can be if you weren't bound by this brutal power of dying! But first, live and struggle with me, and I'll be even more I will come back to my side with love. Somehow I just want to love, love, and love! .... "
If the constant accusations of his mother's desperate soul had the power to remain silent, he would never have been able to counter it. However, the weak and somewhat talkative Luisa couldn't set aside her chest-filling heartache. And I talked to the women in the neighborhood. I also talked to my two other sons, Musuko. The two sons couldn't help but take advantage of the great opportunity to blame Christophe. In particular, Rodolph, who has been jealous of his brother for little reason now, secretly, with a low-key idea that he couldn't admit, even though he was frustrated by Christoph's slight popularity. I was afraid of my brother's future success (because he was quite relentless, he felt his brother's strength, and I was wondering if others would feel it as well). Rodolph was extremely pleased to hold Christoph from his head, saying he was better. He knew his mother's plight, had never cared about it, and was well-positioned to help her, but he was solely in the care of Christophe. However, when he learned of Christoph's plan, he immediately showed a lot of love. He resented the idea of ​​abandoning his mother and called it a terrifying selfishness. He came on his own and said it to Christophe. He was admonished by the arrogance, as if he were a child who was equivalent to whipping. He arrogantly explained his obligations to his mother and the sacrifices he made for him. Christoph was almost angry. He kicked Rodolph out of his ass, calling him a cunning Han and a hypocritical dog. Rodolph agitated his mother in revenge. Inspired by him, Luisa began to assume that Christoph was acting like an unfaithful man. I was repeatedly told that Christoph had no right to leave, which she wanted to believe. Instead of relying on tears, her most powerful weapon, she made an unjust blame on Christophe. Christoph was reluctant to do so. The two talked to each other about something unpleasant. The result was just to make Christoph, who was still hesitant, think about rushing to prepare for his departure. He knew that his benevolent neighbors were sorry for his mother, and that his neighborhood's reputation was that he was a victim and that he was a cruel man. He clenched his teeth and was no longer determined.
The day has passed. Christoph and Luisa barely spoken. The two, who were in love with each other, lost the remaining time in a futile moody, which buried a lot of love, without trying to taste the last days they spent together as much as possible. It was-there are often such examples in the world. The two just met at the table. What's more, while sitting face-to-face with each other, they didn't look at each other, didn't talk to each other, and just forcibly ate a few mouthfuls, not to eat, but rather to maintain their appearance. Christoph sometimes squeezed a few words out of his throat. But Luisa didn't reply. And this time, when she spoke to her, he closed her mouth. Such a condition was unbearable for both of them. And the longer it lasted, the harder it became to get out of it. Will the two be separated as they are? Luisa now admits that she was fraudulent and poor. But she was so suffering that she didn't know how to regain her son's heart, which seemed to have been lost, and how to stop the horrifying departure. I didn't know if it would be done. Christoph was blamed for regret when he secretly looked at his mother's blue, sullen face. However, I had already decided to start, and I knew that it was about my life, so I thought that I should have started earlier in order to escape from regret. ..
The day of his departure was the day after next. The time of sad confrontation has passed again. After having a supper without saying a word, Christoph retired to his room. Then he sat in front of the desk, held his head in both hands, couldn't do any work, and was worried alone. I got dandruff at night. It was almost one hour. Suddenly there was a noise in the next room. The chair turned over. The door was open. A barefoot mother in a shirt jumped on his neck, sobbing. She was getting hot. I hugged my son and complained in despair.
"Don't leave, don't leave. Please, please! Hey, don't leave! ... I'm about to die ... I can't stand it! ...... "
He was afraid of surprise and repeated while hugging his mother.
"Mom, calm down, calm down, please!"
However, she kept saying.
"I can't stand it .... I'm all alone. What would happen to me if you broke? I'm sure I'd die. I don't want to die apart from you. I don't want to die alone. Please wait until I die! ... "
He felt that the words were heartbreaking. I didn't know how to comfort myself. For whatever reason, you can often resist this appeal of love and sorrow! He lifted her up to her knees and tried to calm her down with a kiss and gentle words. The old mother gradually closed her mouth and began to cry quietly. He said when she calmed down a little.
"Let's go to bed. I'll catch a cold."
She repeated.
"Don't leave!"
He said very low.
"I won't leave."
She shook herself. And took his hand.
"Really?" She said. "Is it true?"
He was disappointed and turned away.
"Tomorrow," he said, "I'll tell you tomorrow ... Please leave me as it is, please! ..."
She stood up and returned to her room.
The next morning, she became embarrassed to have a bout of despair in the middle of the night like a madman. And I was wondering what my son would say. She sat in the corner of the room and waited. I took the knit and tried to turn my attention to it, but I dropped it because I couldn't get my hands on it. Christoph came in. The two did not look at each other and greeted each other in a whisper. He looked gloomy, stood in front of the window, turned his back to his mother, and shut up. There was a fight among him. I knew the result too much in advance, but I was trying to extend it. Luisa couldn't speak to him and couldn't urge him to give back, waiting and afraid. She was also strong and picked up the knitting. But I was crazy about what I was doing. The stitches were distorted. It was raining outside. After a long silence, Christoph came by her. She didn't move, but her chest was palpitation. Christoph looked at her immovably. Suddenly, I knelt down and buried my face in my mother's robe. And without saying a word, I shed tears. Then she realized he would stay. Her heart has eased from the painful suffering of death. ――But soon, I felt a sense of blame. She felt everything her son had sacrificed. And she began to suffer everything he suffered when he sacrificed her. She bent over him and put her forehead and lips on her hair. The two silently shared tears and sorrow. At last he raised his head. Luisa gazed into her eyes with his face in her hands. She wanted to say.
"Departure!"
But I couldn't say that.
He wanted to say this.
"Let's stay happy."
But he couldn't say that.
It was a situation that I couldn't do anything about. Both of them had trouble with treatment. She sighed in a sad affection. "Oh, if everyone was born together and could die together!"
The simple wish was gently passed through him. He wiped his tears and said with a smile, trying to smile.
"Let's die together."
She still asked.
"Are you sure? There is no departure."
He stood up.
"It's a rule. Let's not say that anymore. It's not enough to go back."
Christoph did not make a mistake. I didn't say anything about departure anymore. But I couldn't help thinking about it. He stayed. However, in return for the sacrifice, she suffered from sadness and sullenness. And Luisa was so poor in her way-knowing that she was poor, but so poor that she always did what she couldn't do-while knowing too much about the cause of his troubles, he persistently did it. I tried to make him say it from his mouth. He scorned him with a restless, annoying, rational affection, and reminded him all the time that he was trying to forget that they were of different qualities. How many times he wanted to give her a heart! However, when I tried to open my mouth, a wall that I couldn't do anything about stood in between. And he lurked his inner feelings in his chest. She was aware of it. But he couldn't ask for a dawn, and he didn't know how to ask. Even if I tried my best, it only kept the feeling that he was eager to say in his chest deeper and deeper.
Because of many trivial things, and because of her innocent habit, she was also annoyed and annoyed by Christoph. This nice old mother was a little out of focus. She wanted to repeat the rumored story of her neighborhood. In addition, he had a childcare worker's affection, and he constantly brought out the silly things of his childhood that connect people to the cradle. However, to escape from that, it must have been very difficult to become a full-fledged man. But nowadays, Juliet's nurse, like Uba, appears, and it's a nuisance that resists the filthy diapers, crappy thoughts, and the pressure of the young soul between the lowly substances and the stuffy environment. Do we have to describe the times one by one!
In between those things, she showed a bout of tender affection-as if she was dealing with a baby. He was captivated by it and had no choice but to leave himself-as if he were a baby.
The worst thing is to live alone like them from morning till night, and isolated from others. When two people suffer, and when they cannot treat each other's suffering, it is inevitable that it will be exacerbated. They pass on the blame for their suffering to each other and believe that it is. Rather, it is better to be alone. I'm the only one who suffers.
The two of them had days of distress every day. If, as is often the case in the world, accidents happened and they didn't cut off the brutal, uncertain state they were struggling with in a seemingly unfortunate-actually clever-way, they Would not have been able to escape from it for a long time.
It was a Sunday in October. It was 4 pm. The weather was sunny. Christoph stayed in the room all day and thought, "Looking at his melancholy."
He couldn't stand it anymore. I was dying to get out, walk around, spend my energy, get tired, and stop thinking anymore.
It was awkward with my mother from the day before. I tried to go out without saying anything. But as she reached the top of the stairs, she thought she would be worried all night alone. He made the excuse that he had something left behind and returned to the room. The door of my mother's room, Tobira, was half open. He looked into it in the meantime. And I looked at my mother for a few seconds ... What place will those few seconds occupy in his lifetime! ......
Luisa had just returned from the evening prayer at that time. I was sitting in my favorite place in the corner of the window. A dirty white wall with cracks in the front house blocked the view. However, from the corner where she was sitting, on the right hand side, beyond the two courtyards of the neighboring house, a corner of a handkerchief-sized lawn was seen. On the edge of the window, the morning glory of a bowl was entwined with a sword, and its fine vines were spread on a hanging ladder. A ray of light hit it. Luisa sat on a chair, curled up, and opened a large Bible on her lap, not reading it separately. Both hands-both hands with thick, bulging, slightly bent square claws like a worker-flattened on the Bible, a small plant and a corner of the sky that looks diagonally I was staring at it. The reflection of light from the golden-green morning glory illuminates a tired face with a slight bruise, very fine, not-so-dark white hair, and a smiling, half-open mouth. She was enjoying this time of rest. It was the best moment of her week. It was a lot of fun for those who were suffering, she was soaked in a state where she was just mesmerized as it was, with only a half-sleeping heart speaking.
"Mom," he said, "I'd like to go out a little. I'll go around the buoy. It may be a little late to return."
Luisa, who was drowsy, shook herself lightly. Then he turned to him and looked at him with a peaceful and gentle eye.
"Come on," she said. "It's really nice weather."
She smiled and showed her. He also smiled back. The two were looking at each other for a while. Then, with each other's head and eyes, I evaded a gentle bow.
He quietly closed the door. She also dreamed about Xu. Color | Fading Like the rays of the morning glory, my son's smile cast a shining reflection on his fantasy.
Thus, he left his mother behind-for the rest of his life.
October evening << last night >>. The pale and frosty sun. The rugged countryside is dozing. The little bells of the villages are ringing slowly in the silence of the field. Several smokes are slowly rising from the center of the cultivated land. A delicate haze is floating in the distance. The white fog that covers the wet ground is about to rise waiting for the night to come ... A hunting dog was running around in the sugar beet field, with his nose slipping on the ground. A flock of small birds was flying in the dim sky.
Christoph was instinctively walking in a certain direction, instinctively, without setting a goal, while indulging in dreams. Since a few weeks, his walks have tended towards a village. If I went there, I would surely meet a beautiful girl. He was fascinated by the daughter. It was just a liking, but a very strong and somewhat anxious lover. Christoph could hardly help without loving someone. His heart was rarely empty. There was always a beautiful image of something that should be an idol. Whether or not the idol knew what he loved was often irrelevant. All he needed was to love. It was necessary that my heart never became blank.
The target of this new flame was the daughter of a farmer. He met her by the fountain, just as Eliezel met Rebecca. But she didn't tell him to drink water. He splashed water on his face. In a hollow on the shore of a stream, between two willows rooted like a nest, she knelt on her knees and bravely washed her shirt. His tongue was as active as his arm. I was actively chatting with other village girls who were doing laundry on the other side of the stream. Christoph was lying on the grass a few steps away. And he was looking at them with a chin on his hands. They didn't do much bad things. Sometimes he kept talking in a cheeky tone. He didn't listen too much. I heard only the sound of their laughter mixed with the sound of the laundry board and the distant bark of the cows on the ranch. And he kept an eye on one beautiful daughter and was vaguely dreaming. --The daughters soon identified what he was paying attention to. He said each other the nasty words. His favorite daughter threw a very sharp swear at him. Still he didn't move, so she stood up, picked up a squeezed object, began to spread it over the plexus, and approached to get an excuse to look at his face. It was. As he passed by, he acted as if he was splashing water with a wet cloth, and laughed and gazed at him. She was thin but sturdy, with a slightly crunchy chin, a short nose, rounded eyebrows, and a brilliant, harsh, bold, very blue color. He had eyes, a beautiful mouth with thick Greek lips, a bunch of chins on his neck, a bushy blonde, and a tanned complexion. He walked like a man, straightening his head, sneering at each word, waving his exposed hands. Looking at Christoph with a challenging look-waiting for him to speak, he continued to spread his sword. Christoph was also looking at her. But he didn't want to talk to her at all. At the end she burst into laughter at his nose and returned to her companion. He lay there forever. In the evening, she leaned forward a little, with her back in her basket, with her arms folded, and walked away, constantly chatting.
A few days later, he saw her again in a pile of carrots, tomatoes, cucumbers, cabbage, etc. at the town market. At that time, he was walking around, looking at a flock of female merchants lined up in front of a basket, like a slave for sale. A policeman with a gold bag and a bundle of tickets passed in front of them, picking up money and handing over the ticket. A coffee-selling woman was walking from line to line with a basket full of small coffee jars. A cheerful, fat old nun went around the market with two big baskets on her arms, talking about God and asking for the donation of vegetables without embarrassment. People were yelling. An old scale with a green plate was squeaking with the sound of chains. The big dogs in the little cars barked happily, proud of their important role. In such a hustle and bustle, Christoph admitted that Rebecca. ――The real name was Rollhen. -She had a white and blue cabbage leaf on the back of her blonde hair. It was just like a hat chopped into teeth. She sat on a basket, biting an apple without even trying to sell it, in front of mountains of yellow onions, small light red turnips, blue beans and bright red apples. .. She didn't stop eating. From time to time, I used to wipe my chin and neck with my apron, brush my hair with my arms, rub my cheeks against my shoulders, or rub my nose with the back of my hand. Or he put his hands on his lap and moved a handful of peas from hand to hand endlessly. And he was looking at the left and right in a quiet manner. But I didn't overlook anything that happened around me. While pretending to be unaware, I was looking at the eyes that were directed toward me. She fully admitted Christophe. While talking to the buyers, he was observing his admirers with his eyebrows over his head. She was as dignified as the Pope. But in my heart I was mocking Christophe. He was equivalent to being ridiculed. He stood a few steps away and stared at her as if he was greedy. Then he went away silently.
After that, he wandered around her village several times. She used to go back and forth between farmhouse courtyards. He stopped in the traffic and looked at her. I didn't admit that I came for her. And in fact, I didn't really think about that. When he was absorbed in a composition, he became like a sleepwalker. While the conscious soul pursues musical thought, the other part of the body becomes the unconscious but one soul, and that soul has a slight gap of absentmindedness and is free. I was trying to escape. He was often distracted by the whispers of his music, even when he was in front of her. And I kept dreaming while looking at her. He couldn't say he loved her. I didn't even think about that. It was fun to see her, that's it. I was unaware of the desire to lead myself towards her.
Such a relentless method became the seed of rumors. The farmers were laughing at it. I knew who Christoph was. People laughed and let him go. Because he did no harm. In short, he looked like a fool. And I was fine myself.
It was a village festival. The mischievous children were screaming "Her Majesty the Emperor!" While crushing the tantrum balls among the pebbles. I heard a cow barking in the hut, and a drunken song in the tavern. A kite with a tail like a comet was moving high in the air above the field. A chicken was crazy stirring the yellow straw. The wind was blowing its wings like it was blowing into an old lady's robe. A light red pig was lying comfortably in Hinata and sleeping.
Christoph went toward the red house root of a restaurant called Sannoboshi [# "Sanousei" as an emphasis mark]. A small flag was fluttering on it. Onion beads "Juzu" were hung on the front, and red and yellow gold lotus flowers "Nasturtium" were displayed on the window. He entered the hall. Cigarette smoke is in the air, yellow colored lithographs are lined up on the wall, and the most honorable place is the emperor's colored statue, and the oak leaf decoration. It was bordered by. People were dancing. Christoph thought that beautiful girl must be there too. And in fact he admitted the face first. He sat in the corner of the room. From there, the movements of the dancers were slowly watched. He was very careful not to be noticed, but Rollhen found him over there. While dancing the waltz without sticking, she glanced sideways over the other man's shoulder. And to still stimulate his heart, he opened his mouth and laughed, playing with the young people in the village. He was terribly talkative and said something boring. In this respect she was the same as the young girls behind the scenes. They think they have to laugh and move around when they are stared at by others, and they have to be stupid not only for themselves but for the onlookers. -But in this regard, they are not so stupid, because they know that the onlookers are looking at themselves but not listening. --Christoph put both | elbows on the table and put a chin on his fist, watching his daughter's behavior with enthusiastic eyes. His spirit was so unobtrusive that she wasn't deceived by her cunning. But then it wasn't too free to be attracted. And then, with a angry voice or a secret laugh, he was flirting when he was caught in a trap.
One person was watching him. It was Rollhen's father. Short, full, with a big face with a short nose, a bald brain tanned, and the old blonde that remained around was thickly curled up like St. John of Durer, and a skeleton. The beard was completely shaved, had a calm look, and had a long pipe in the corner of his mouth, and he talked very slowly with the other peasants, screaming Christoph's silent gesture. I was waiting. And he was secretly smiling. Eventually, I coughed a little. In his tiny gray eyes, shining a malicious light, he came to the side of Christoph's table and sat down. Christoph became uncomfortable and turned his frowning face. Then I met the old man's cunning eyes. The old man, with the pipe in his mouth, spoke in a familiar and familiar way. Christoph knew him. I thought he was an old man with a bad nature. However, because of his weaknesses towards his daughter, he was generous with his father, and even felt a strange joy when he was with him. The noisy old man noticed it. He talks about the weather, and it's justified that he doesn't take the effort to dance after making a roundabout way of talking about the beautiful girls over there and Christoph's failure to dance. He concluded that it would be better to sit at the table with his elbows. And don't hesitate to have a drink | It was a treat. While drinking, he still spoke slowly. He said things that were complicated, difficult things to live in, bad weather, high prices, and so on. Christoph just returned a few moody words. I wasn't interested in that. He was just looking at Rollhen. Sometimes the silence came down. The peasant waited for his word. But there was no answer. So I started talking quietly again. Christoph was wondering why he was honored to hear the confession of the old man. However, I finally understood. After complaining, the old man moved on to other issues. He boasted that he was good at what he could do, such as vegetables, domestic birds, eggs, and milk. Then he asked if he could make the official residence a customer. Christoph was shocked.
――Why do you know? ...... Do you know me?
――That's right, the old man said, everything is known …….
However, I didn't say the following.
―― …… When you break your own and investigate.
Christoph felt a nasty joy, and despite "knowing everything," he had a relationship with the small court. Even if there was a pride that he had earned the credit of the palace- (I was skeptical of that too) -that credit has now fallen, etc. I told him that it was easy to be known. The old man frowned slightly. Still, I wasn't disappointed. After a while, I asked if I could at least introduce him to a certain family. And Christoph listed all the families involved. I just heard it exactly in the market. Christoph was supposed to get angry at such a search, but he wanted to laugh, thinking that no matter how cunning the old man was, he would end up looking at a fool. (The old man was barely aware that the referral he was looking for was a referral that helped reduce the number of traditional customers rather than getting new ones.) So Christophe said that the old man was a crude mess. I left Kankei squeezed out of my head in vain. And he didn't answer. But the peasant was persistent. He turned his halberd "Hokosaki" toward Christoph himself and Luisa, and tried to force milk, butter, and cream. Christoph is a musician, so he added that nothing is as loud as a new raw egg in the morning and evening. I actively encouraged him to give him a freshly made warm egg. Christoph laughed, thinking that the old man thought he was a singer. The peasant took advantage of it and ordered a bottle of sake. Then he pulled out everything that could be pulled out of Christophe for the time being, so he went straight to the stick.
It was night. The dance is becoming more and more lively. Rollhen was no longer paying attention to Christophe. I had to turn to "frequently" frequently toward the stupid young man in the village. It was the son of a wealthy farmer and was the subject of conflict for all his daughters. Christoph enjoyed the competition. The girls smiled at each other and were happy to scratch each other. The boy Christoph was crazy about it. And I was hoping for Rollhen's victory. But when I got that victory, I felt a little sad. I blamed it myself. He didn't love Rollhen, and it was natural for her to love her favorite. --Of course it is. However, the feeling of being alone was not pleasant. All the people here were only interested in him to take advantage of him and then mock him. He sighed. I smiled while looking at Rollhen. Rollhen was much more beautiful than usual, with the joy of resenting the other daughters of the competition. He decided to go home. It was almost 9 o'clock. I had to walk a lot about two ri to get back to town.
When he stood up from the table, the door 《Tobira》 opened. About ten soldiers rushed in. For that reason, the inside of the room was white. People started whispering. Some of the men and women who were dancing stopped the dance and looked anxious at the newcomers. Standing near the door, the peasant turned his back to the soldiers and started talking on his own. However, he didn't show it to him, and he cautiously avoided himself and let the soldiers pass. --From recently, the guards of the fortress "Yosai" around the town and the locals had a dark battle. The soldiers were bored and irresistible, so they were relieving their indignation toward the peasants. He reluctantly ridiculed the peasants, bullied them badly, and behaved as they did in the conquered lands. Last week, drunken soldiers made a noise at a festival in the neighboring village and half-killed a peasant. Christoph knew about them, so he had the same feelings as the peasants. Then I sat down again and waited for what would happen.
The soldiers went noisily to the occupied table without worrying about being greeted with a disgusting appearance, pushing people away and taking their seats. It was a short while. Many people mumbled and avoided themselves. An old man sitting on the edge of his stool couldn't retire so quickly. He was lifted by the soldiers and turned over in a laugh. Christoph stood up indignantly. However, when he tried to speak to the general, the old man got up and instead of complaining, he just apologized. Two soldiers came to Christoph's table. He clasped his fist and watched them approach. But there was no need for defense. The two soldiers were good guys, big guys like fighters, who followed one or two gunmen and tried to imitate them. They were fascinated by Crest's stunning appearance. Christoph said in a chilly tone.
"It's my seat."
Then they hurriedly apologized and retreated to the end of the stool so as not to get in the way. Christoph's voice had a chief-like intonation, so his original obedience worked strongly. They often saw that Christoph was not a peasant.
Christoph was a little calm by his obedient attitude and was able to observe with even more calmness. It was easy to see that the soldiers were led by a non-commissioned officer. He was a little bulldog-like man with stern eyes, and had a hypocritical, mean, servant face. He was one of the great heroes who had a big fight last Sunday. He was sitting at the table next to Christoph, drunk, staring at people's faces and throwing a terrible poisonous tongue. People were pretending to be inaudible. In particular, he turned his halberd to the dancing men and women and described the beauty and weaknesses of his body in shameless words. They laughed at it. The girls turned bright red and had tears in their eyes. The young men clenched their teeth and were silently indignant. The attacker's eyes gradually circled the room and did not miss any one. Christoph saw it his turn. He grabbed the cup. I put my fist on the table and waited with the intention of throwing a cup at my head if I made any insults. He was saying himself.
"I'm a madman. It's better to go out. You'll be hungry. And if you get away, you might be thrown into a prison. No story. Let's go out before we can fight. "
However, his arrogant heart refused to do so. I didn't want to pretend to run away from these guys. --Insidious | Rebellion "Borei" eyes were set by him. He became stiff and looked back indignantly. The servant looked at him for a moment. I'm crazy about Christoph's face. He stuck to the soldier next to him with his elbow and pointed at the young man with a sneer. And as soon as he opened his mouth, he tried to poison him. Christoph was angry and tried to stop and throw the cup. ――This time, I was helped by chance. As soon as the drunkard tried to speak, a pair of sly dancers bumped into him and dropped the glass down. He turned around fiercely and scatterd vigorously. His attention has been distracted there. He wasn't thinking about Christoph anymore. Christoph still waited for a few minutes. Then, when I saw the other person no longer trying to speak badly, I stood up, quietly took off my hat, and walked slowly toward the door. He kept his eyes on the seat he was sitting on and tried to make him feel that he wasn't running away. But the servant completely forgot about Christophe. No one was attentive to Christophe.
He turned the door handle. I was about to go out. However, he was destined not to come out safely. There was a fuss in the back of the room. After drinking alcohol, the soldiers were about to dance. Each of the daughters had a man, and the soldiers drove them away. The men were left to be done. But Rollhen didn't know what to say. She wasn't wasting Christoph's favorite brave eyes and strong-willed chin. When she was dancing like madness, the servant who chose her came to rob her of the other man. She stepped on, screamed, pushed the servant away, and asked if she would dance with such a rugged man. The servant chased. When she hid behind the people, he struck them. At last she ran behind the table. When he got out of his hand for a moment, he took a breath and began to swear. She knew that resistance would be of no use. Tantrum, spilling over into the ground, finding and pouring the worst words, likening his face to the faces of various animals in the livestock farm. He leaned towards her from the other side of the table, with a creepy smile and angry eyes. Suddenly he jumped over the table and caught her. She struck and kicked according to her true nature as a strong woman. He wasn't standing upright, so he was about to lose his physical average. Then, indignantly, she pushed her against the wall and ate a flat blow on her cheek. I tried to hit it once more. At that time, someone jumped on his back, slammed him with force, and kicked him in the middle of the drunkards with a single kick. The man who pushed him away from the table and people was Christophe. The servant was madly angry and turned around, pulling out his sword. Without giving him while using the sword, Christoph knocked him down with a shogi. Everything went so quickly that none of the onlookers came up with the idea of ​​arbitration. But when he saw the servant fall on the floor like a cow, a terrifying uproar arose. The other soldiers pulled out their swords and rushed to Christoph. The peasants jumped at the soldiers. It was a general struggle. The cup flew to the people and the table turned over. The peasants became serious. I was trying to get rid of my grudge. People lay on the floor and grabbed fiercely. The dance partner who was intercepted by Rollhen was the younger son of a tough farmer, but he grabbed the head of a soldier who had insulted him earlier and slammed it against the wall. Rollhen took the stick and pulled it mercilessly. The other daughters ran away while screaming. Only a few energetic people were amused and joined the struggle. One of them, a fat blonde puss, saw a big soldier-a soldier sitting at Christoph's table earlier-turning over and squeezing his chest with his knees, at the furnace. He ran to, came back, turned the thug's head back, and sprinkled a handful of burnt ashes on his eyes. The soldier groaned. The daughter was delighted at the enemy who had lost her resistance. He was now struck by the peasants at will. At last, the soldiers couldn't be enemies and retreated to the open air, leaving three companions on the floor. The struggle continued with the traffic of the village. The soldiers screamed for slaughter, broke into every house, and tried to work every wolf. The peasants were chasing after holding a stick and slamming a rough dog. A third soldier was stabbed by a three-pronged "Mitsumata" and collapsed. The other soldiers had no choice but to flee from the village. As he ran across the fields, he shouted from a distance that he would gather his friends and come back soon.
The peasants got their position and came back to the restaurant. They were delighted to dance. It was now that I had been expecting the persecution that had been suffered for a long time. I hadn't thought about the outcome of the struggle yet. Everyone spoke at once and was proud of their courage. They showed Christophe an intimate appearance. Christoph was happy to get close to them. Rollhen went to him, took his hand, laughed at his nose, and held his hand in his hard hand for a while. She no longer considered him humorous.
People were taken care of by injured people. Some of the villagers had teeth, broken ribs, humps and bruise, and did not suffer much harm. It was. But the soldiers were not. The three were seriously injured. A big man whose eyes are burned and his shoulders are cut off with an ax, a man who is gasping for his belly, and a servant who is knocked down by Christophe. People laid the three by the furnace. The most minor injured servant opened his eyes. He stared at the peasants who were looking into him with his hatred eyes. And as soon as I remembered the event, I began to curse them. He asserted that he would take revenge and be aware of it, and was angry with his throat. I felt that I was going to do it if I could. People worked hard and laughed. But it was a strong, disguised laugh. A young peasant shouted at the injured.
"Shut up, I'll kill you if you don't shut up!"
The servant tried to get up. He said, looking at the man who spoke with his bloody eyes.
"Don't kill me! I'll take your neck too."
He kept yelling. The hungry man screamed as sharp as a blood-squeezing pig. The third man did not move and was stiff towards the dead. A heavy horror fell on the peasants. Rollhen and several women carried the injured to another room. The yelling of the servant and the roar of the dying soldier disappeared far away. The peasants have shut up. The three bodies were lined up in a circle in the same place, as if they were lying under their feet. I was so scared that I couldn't move or see each other. Finally, Rollhen's father said.
"You guys did a great job!"
A whisper of anxiety happened. They were sighing. Then everyone started talking at once. At first, I was sneaking around as if I had noticed that I was being heard, but soon I got better and more intense. They blamed each other. They quarreled with each other for what they had struck. The quarrel has become fierce. I was wondering if it would become a strength | Rollhen's father soothed everyone. With his arms crossed and facing Christophe, he pointed with a chin.
"And he," he said, "Why are you here?"
All the anger went to Christoph.
"Yes, that's right!" Cried people, "He started to scream. Without him, nothing happened."
Christoph was stunned and tried to answer back.
"What I did was not for me, but for you. You guys know it well."
However, they replied that they were fierce.
"Is there something we can't prevent alone, or is it something that the townspeople tell us what to do? Who heard your opinion? First, who asked you to come. Did you not be able to stay at home? "
Christoph fluttered his shoulders and proceeded toward the door 《Tobira》. However, Rollhen's father shouted sharply, blocking the way.
"Sora, Sora! I'm going to put a hard time on us and run away. I don't want to go home!"
The peasants were screaming.
"Is it something to return! It was him who originally happened. It is his role to get rid of everything."
They surrounded him with a fist. Christoph saw the threatening ring of faces narrowing. They were so frightened that they were furious. Without saying a word, he frowned upon his disgust, threw his hat on the table, went to the back of the room, sat down, and turned his back on them.
However, Rollhen was indignant and jumped into the middle of the peasants. Its beautiful face turned bright red and wrinkled with wrath. She roughly pushed the people around Christophe away.
"A gathering of cowardly people, brutes!" She exclaimed. "Are you not embarrassed? I wanted to make you think that they all did it! They looked like no one was watching! Those who struck hard Pretending to be no one! ... If there was even one person with his arms folded and vague while everyone was struggling, I would spit on his face. I should have said, coward, coward ... "
The peasants were surprised at this unexpected rebuke, and said a little. Then I started screaming again.
"He started. Without him, nothing would happen."
Rollhen's father was signaling his daughter, but to no avail. she said.
"Maybe that person started! That would be your pride. Without that person, you would have been ridiculed and we would have been ridiculed. No, a timid person! "
She called on the other man.
"And you didn't say anything, you went out and asked me to kick you. I would say thank you a little. Isn't it embarrassing? ... ... aren't you embarrassed? You're not men. Courage is like a lamb who always has a nose on the ground. It's fair to say that he set an example. -And now, you want to put that person on your back .... Is that the case? I won't let you. That person has a fight for us. He did. I really want to help him or celebrate with him. I say so once and for all! "
Rollhen's father was pulling her arm. I was absorbed in yelling.
"Shut up, shut up! ... Don't shut up, come on!"
However, she pushed her father away and asked more and more. The peasants were screaming. She shouted even higher with a sharp, tearing voice on her eardrum.
"What do you say to you first? I didn't see you kicking that man who was half dead in the next room earlier." But do you think? Then, show me your hand for a moment .... I still have blood. Do you think I couldn't see you holding the knife? If you guys If you do something awful to that person, I will tell you everything I see. I will blame you all. "
The peasants were in a rage, bringing their angry face closer to Rollhen's face and yelling at the tip of their nose. One of them seemed to try to beat her. A man who fell in love with Rollhen grabbed the man's neck. Then the two became just flirting with each other and set themselves up. An old man said to Rollhen.
"If I were all in punishment, you would be."
"I'll be there too," she said. "I'm not as cowardly as you guys."
And she was talking again.
They didn't know what to do. And he turned his words to his father.
"Why don't you silence your daughter?"
The old man knew that it was careless to run Rollhen extremely. He signaled everyone to calm down. The silence has fallen. One Rollhen continued to speak. Then she didn't get an answer anymore, so she calmed down like a fire without firewood. After a while, my father coughed and said.
"Then what do you want to do? You don't want to destroy us."
 she said.
"I want that person to help me."
They started thinking. Christoph was still in the same place. It seemed that he was stiff and didn't think it was about himself. However, I was impressed by the mediation of Rollhen. Rollhen also pretended not to know he was there. He leaned back on the table he was sitting on, and was looking at the peasants with a fight. The peasants were looking down and smoking. Finally, her father bit the pipe and said.
"No matter what allegations I make, as long as I stay here, the man's sins are clear. I can't forgive him because the sergeant remembers it. There's only one way for him. Escape to the other side. "
In short, they thought that Christoph's escape was a benefit to them. Escape is a self-confidence of sin. And unless he's here and excuses, it's easy to blame him for the main responsibility of the case. Other peasants also agreed. They understood the idea well. ――When I decided to do so, I wanted Christoph to go out early. The words he said a moment ago had a lightly forgotten look, and they approached Christoph and seemed to be terribly worried about his danger.
"My husband, I have to give up for a moment," said Rollhen's father. "They will come again. Half an hour to go to the fortress, half an hour to come back ... There is no time to escape."
Christoph was standing up. He also thought about it. He knew well that if he stayed, he would be ruined. But go out, go out without seeing my mother? ... No, that wasn't possible. He said he could afford to go back to town and leave in the middle of the night to cross the border. But the peasants shouted. Earlier he blocked his escape and closed the door, but now he opposes not escaping. If you go back to town, you will surely get caught. By the time he arrives, the news has already arrived. You will be caught when you get home. --But Christoph was stubborn. Rollhen understood that intention.
"You want to see your mom .... I'll go for you."
"when?"
"tonight."
"Really? Can you do that?"
"I will go."
She took a shoulder strap and wore it.
"Write something. I'll bring it .... Come here. I'll give you some ink."
She pulled him into the back room. I turned around at the entrance and called out to a man who was interested in me.
"And you want to get ready. I'll guide you. Don't leave until you see him off the border."
"Good, good," said the man.
He was no less in a hurry to see Christoph enter France and, if possible, farther.
Rollhen went into another room with Christoph. Christoph was still hesitant. I couldn't stand the sadness when I thought I might hug my mother anymore. When will we meet again? I'm so old, tired, and alone. You may be hit by this new blow. What would happen if I weren't there? ... But what happens to my mother if she stays, is executed, and is imprisoned for years? It must be lonely and miserable for my mother. If you are at least free to stay far away, you can help your mother, or you can come from her. --He didn't have a chance to clearly distinguish his thoughts. Rollhen took his hands and stood beside him, staring at him. The faces of the two were almost touching. She threw her arms around his neck and kissed his mouth.
"Fast, fast!" She said very low, pointing at the table.
He didn't think about it anymore. I sat at the table. She tore a piece of paper with a red phimosis from a book.
He wrote.
[# Indent two characters from here]
Please forgive my mother. I am very worried. There was no other choice. I didn't do anything wrong. But now I have to run away and leave the country. The person who delivers this letter will tell you everything. I wanted to say goodbye. But not everyone knows. He says he will be caught before that. I'm really sad and I don't have the power of will anymore. I will cross the border from now on. However, I stay in the immediate vicinity until I receive the letter. The person who delivers my letter will bring me a reply. Please tell me what I should do. No matter what you say, we will do exactly that. If you want me to come back, please tell me to come back. Leaving you alone is irresistible. How can you live? please forgive me. Please forgive me. I love you and hug you ...
[# End of indentation here]
"Let's be quick, my husband. Otherwise, I won't be in time," said a man who was enthusiastic about Rollhen, opening the door halfway.
Christoph hurriedly signed and handed the letter to Rollhen.
"Can you hand it over to me?"
"I'll go by myself," she said.
She was about to go out.
"Tomorrow," she continued, "I'll bring you a reply. Wait at Leiden- (the first stop out of Germany) -on the platform of the stop."
(She was curious, and while she was writing a letter, she had read it over her shoulder.)
"Please do it all at that time, everyone what my mother was like and what she said when she met this blow. You won't hide anything," Christoph pleaded.
"I will say it completely."
The two couldn't talk freely anymore. At the entrance, the man stood and looked at them.
"And Christoph," said Rollhen, "I'll visit my mom from time to time. Let me know what she's doing. Don't worry."
She gave him a cheerful handshake like a boy.
"Let's go," said the peasant.
"Let's go!" Said Christoph.
All three went out. I broke up on the way. Rollhen went to one side and Christoph went to the other with a guide. The two didn't talk at all. The crescent moon wrapped in haze was hidden behind the forest. A faint light was floating above the field. In the lowlands, a thick fog like milk was rising. The trembling grove was immersed in the moist air ... Just a few minutes out of the village, the peasant suddenly jumped back and signaled to stop at Christophe. The two listened. From the front of the highway, the sound of the pace of a group of soldiers approached. The peasant crossed the matagi and entered the field. Christoph did the same. The two went away across the cultivated land. I heard the footsteps of a soldier passing through the highway. In the darkness, the peasant offered them a fist. Christoph felt heartbroken, like a hunted beast. They went out on the highway again, but they avoided villages and single-family homes because they were barked by dogs and known to people. Beyond the deep hills, I saw the red fire on the railroad tracks in the distance. I made a guess with the light and decided to go to the first stop. It wasn't easy. As I descended into the valley, I sank into the fog. I had to jump over a few rivers. Next, I went out into the spacious area between the sugar beet field and the cultivated land. I felt like I couldn't get out of it. The plain was bumpy. The heights and dents continued, and it seemed to be a mess. Finally, after walking around blindly and drowning in the haze, the two suddenly found a railroad track light on the bank a few steps away. The two climbed up the bank. At the risk of being hit by a train, I proceeded along the railroad tracks to a distance of about 100 meters from the stop. So I went back to the highway again. I arrived at the station 20 minutes before the train passed. Despite Rollhen's request, the peasant left Christoph behind. I wanted to go home early to see what happened to others and what happened to my property.
Christoph bought a ticket to Leiden. I waited alone in the quiet third-class waiting area. A station employee who was drowsy on his stool came when the train arrived, looked up Christoph's ticket, and opened the door. There was no one in the cabin. Everything on the train was asleep. Everything in the field was asleep. Christoph alone was tired but couldn't sleep. As he was carried closer to the border by heavy iron wheels, he felt anxiety about getting out to a safe place. It should have been free after an hour. But in the meantime, he must have been arrested for just one word of notice. ...... Capture! Just thinking about it made me feel rebellious all over my body. You will be suffocated by the violence that you should hate! ...... I couldn't breathe when I thought so. Neither his parting mother nor his homeland came to his mind. In the selfish idea that my freedom was threatened, I only thought about the freedom I wanted to save. No matter what price you pay! Yes, even if you commit guilt ... He bitterly blamed himself for riding the train without continuing to walk to the border. I just wanted to save a few hours. What an addition! It was like trying to jump into the mouth of a wolf. It must have been netted at the border station. The order must have been issued ... At one point he wondered if he would jump off the ongoing train before arriving at the stop. I even opened the door of the passenger compartment. But it was too late. I was about to arrive. The train stopped. 5 minutes. It seemed eternal. Christoph jumped into the back of the room, hiding behind the window and looking at the platform with anxiety. A gendarmerie stood still there. The stationmaster picked up a telegram, came out of the stationmaster's office, and rushed toward the military police. Christoph didn't doubt it was about him. He searched for a weapon. There was nothing more than a sturdy knife with two blades. He opened it in his pocket. A station employee with a square light on his chest passed by the stationmaster and ran along the train. Christoph saw the station employee coming. He clasped the handle of the knife in his pocket and thought.
"No more!"
He was so excited that he might have stabbed a knife in his chest if the station employee was there and he was bad, but if he came to him and tried to enter his cabin. However, the station staff stopped in the next cabin and checked the ticket of the passenger who was on board. The train started moving again. Christoph calmed down the heart palpitations. I didn't move. I still couldn't think it was saved. I didn't want to think so until I crossed the border. ...... The dawn has begun. The figure of the grove came out of the darkness. A carriage passed through the road like a ghost, making a bell sound and flickering lights. Christoph stuck his face to the window and tried to see the pillar with the imperial emblem, which marks the boundary of the print. He was still searching for the pillar in the light of dawn when the train honked the whistle arriving at the first station in Belgium.
He stood up. I completely opened the door and let it go. I breathed in cold air. freedom! All lying ahead ｜ Lifelong << Shogai >>!  joy of living! …… ――And soon, the sadness of what he had left, and the sadness of what he was about to find, struck him at one point. The tiredness of passion all night overwhelmed him. He fell down on his stool. It only took a minute to get to the stop. One minute later, a station employee opened the door of the cabin and found Christoph sleeping. Christoph shook his arm and woke up, feeling weird as if he had slept for an hour. I got off the train heavily and went to customs. Then, I had already entered the territory of another country and no longer needed to protect myself, so I lay down on the stool in the waiting room for a long time and fell asleep soundly.
He woke up around noon. Rollhen couldn't have come before two or three o'clock. He walked a hundred steps on the platform of the small station, waiting for the train to arrive. Then I went straight into the ranch. It was a gloomy gray day reminiscent of the coming winter. The sunlight was sleeping. Only the sound of the lonely whistle of a train being driven broke the sad tranquility. Christoph stopped a few steps from the border in the Depression field. There was a tiny swamp in front of him. The pure water | Tama, the gloomy sky was reflected. A fence was laid around the swamp, and two trees stood on the shore. On the right was Hakuyoju, and the leaves of Kozue were calm and trembling. Behind it was a large walnut tree, dressed like a great octopus with bare black branches. The black fruit became a bunch and shook heavily. The leaves of the withered and scattered leaves naturally left the branches and fell into the quiet swamp one by one.
He felt like he had seen them before, the two trees and the swamp ……. -And suddenly he fell into a state of dizziness. It is occasionally opened in the plains of life. It is a hole in time. You no longer know where you are, who you are, when you live, or how many centuries you have been doing this. Christoph felt that this was what it used to be, and that it wasn't now, but at other times. He was no longer himself. He looked at himself from a great distance from the outside, like someone else who once stood here here. I could hear the buzz of various strange memories. His arteries were making noise ...
――Like this …… Like this …… Like this …….
Centuries of groaning voice …….
Many of the craftsmen before him also suffered the trials he was undergoing today and experienced the grief of his last time in his hometown. A pedigree that constantly roams, a pedigree that is driven away from everywhere because of independence and anxiety. A pedigree that is always scorned by the inward demons who do not allow them to settle anywhere. Moreover, he was a pedigree who was obsessed with the land to be separated and could not abandon it.
It was Christoph's turn, and he was following the same path. And on the way, he found the footsteps of those who were ahead. With tears in his eyes, he watched the land of his homeland disappear into the haze. I had to say goodbye to it. … Isn't he eager to leave his country? --That's it. However, now that I'm really leaving my country, I feel like I'm squeezing myself into agony. Nothing but the heart of an animal can part from the land where it was born without any emotion. Whether happy or unhappy, he lived with the land he was born in. It was my mother and companion, Hanryo. I slept in it, slept on it, and was immersed in it. In my heart, my precious dreams, my entire past life, and the holy dust of my loved ones are stored. Christoph imagined his daily life and the dear remnants he left above and below the land. For him, suffering was as precious as joy. Minna, Sabine, Ada, Grandfather, Uncle Gottfried, Old Schultz-everything came to his eyes within minutes. He couldn't get away from those deceased (and he counted Ada among the deceased). It was even more unbearable when I thought about leaving my mother, the only surviving loved one, among those ghosts. He also tried to cross the border. It seemed cowardly to ask for escape. If the mother's reply that Rollhen was supposed to bring was too sad, she decided to go home no matter what. But what if you didn't receive anything? What if Rollhen couldn't get to Luisa or bring a reply? Let's go home after all.
He returned to the stop. After waiting terribly, the train finally appeared. Christoph awaited Rollhen's fearless look at which doorway in the cabin. She was confident that she would keep her promise. But she didn't show up. He became anxious and ran from cabin to cabin. Then, as he ran into the crowd of passengers and bumped into it, he admitted a face that seemed familiar to him. A thirteen- and four-year-old girl with puffy cheeks, fat, bright red color like an apple, thick short nose, big mouth, and dark curly hair. I was bundling it in my head. Looking closer, I found that I was holding an old bag that looked a lot like my own. She was also looking sideways at him like a sparrow. And when he saw that he was looking at him, he walked a few steps towards him. But while standing in front of him, without saying a word, he looked into his face with a small eye like a mouse. Christoph remembered. It was a cowherd girl at Rollhen's house. He said, pointing at the bag.
"To me, right?"
The girl did not move. And he answered with a blurry appearance.
"How is it? Where did you come from?"
"From the buoy."
"Who sent the bag?"
"Rollhen. Give it to me."
The daughter presented her bag.
"Okay!"
And she added.
"Oh, I knew you right away."
"What were you waiting for?"
"I was waiting for you."
"And what about Rollhen?" Asked Christoph. "Why didn't you come?"
The girl did not answer. Christoph realized that he didn't want to say anything in this philtrum. I had to have my luggage inspected first. After that, Christoph took the girl to the tip of the platform.
"The gendarmerie have arrived," said the girl, already very talkative. "As soon as you went out, you came in the wrong place. I went into people's homes, asked everyone, and caught Zami, Christian, and Kasbal's uncle. And Melanie and Gertrude. I grabbed it. I couldn't even scream that I didn't do anything. I was crying. Gertrude scratched the gendarmerie. I didn't. "
"What am I!" Exclaimed Christoph.
"Yes," said the girl calmly. "You've run away, isn't it okay? The gendarmerie searched for you and chased you here and there."
"And what about Rollhen?"
"I didn't have Rollhen. I went to town and came back later."
"I wonder if I met my mom."
"Yes. This is the letter. I wanted to come by myself, but I got it."
"Why did you come?"
"Let's do this. Rollhen wasn't found by the gendarmerie, so he came back to the village and then tried to go out again. But Gertrude's sister Illumina complained, so a catcher came. When I saw the gendarmerie coming, I went up to my room and immediately got off, saying that I was wearing a kimono now. I was in the back vineyard Rollhen calls me Lydia, Lydia from the window in a whisper. When I go, I give me the bag and letter I got from your mother and give me a place to meet you. He told me. I was told to run and not grab me. I ran and then came here. "
"I didn't say that!"
"I told you, give me this shoulder as a sign that you came for me."
Christoph remembered the embroidery of flowers and the white shoulder with a red ball. When Rollhen broke up with him the night before, he was wrapping his face. He couldn't laugh when he heard the innocent and innocent excuse she used to give it to her love memorial.
"Oh," said the girl, "another train has arrived. I have to go home. Goodbye."
"Well wait," Christoph said. "What's the train fare when you come?"
"I got it from Rollhen."
"But come with this," Christoph said, holding a few coins in her hand.
He took the arm of the girl who was about to go and stopped him.
"Then ..." he said.
He bent over and kissed her cheeks. The girl had a look that refused.
"Don't be afraid," Christoph joked. "It's not you."
"Yes, I know it well," she said in a whispering manner. "It's Rollhen."
Christoph kissed the cowherd girl with both cheeks, not just Rollhen. It was my whole Germany.
The girl ran away and ran towards the train that was about to depart. She remained at the entrance to the cabin, waving a handkerchief at him until she disappeared. He stared off the messenger's countryside daughter, who finally brought the breath of her homeland and her loved ones.
When she disappeared, he became a completely different lonely guest. He had a letter from his mother and a shoulder bag he missed. I hugged my shoulder in my chest and then tried to open the letter. But his hands trembled. What can be read? What kind of suffering will you find there? ... No, I can't stand the sad blame that I already hear. Let's turn back and go home.
He finally opened the letter. And read.
[# Indent two characters from here]
Don't worry about me, my merciful child. Let me be clear. God has punished me. I shouldn't hold you back just for my own sake. Go to Parry. Maybe that's better for you. Don't worry about me. I can manage to do it. The most important thing is that you are happy. I hug you
[# End of indentation here]
[# Two letters up from the ground] From my mother
[# Indent two characters from here]
Please give me a letter when you can.
[# End of indentation here]
Christoph sat on a bag and cried.
The station husband was calling passengers for Parry. A heavy train was arriving with a roaring noise. Christoph wiped his tears and stood up and said himself.
"It is unavoidable."
He looked at the sky in the direction of Parry. The dim sky on one side was even darker in that direction. It was like a dark abyss. Christoph felt sick. However, he repeated himself.
"It's unavoidable."
He got on the train. Then, looking through the window, I kept looking at the creepy horizon.
"Oh Parry!" He thought. "Parry! Help me. Save me. Save my thoughts!"
The dim fog became thicker. Behind Christoph, above his leaving homeland, there is a corner of the light blue sky, about the size of both eyes-as much as the eyes of Sabine-from the heavy cloud breaks. He smiled lonely and began to smile and disappeared as it was. The train came out. It rained. It's night.
Bottom book: "Jean Christoph (2)" Iwanami Bunko, Iwanami Shoten
Issued the first revised edition on July 16, 1986 (Showa 61)
Input: tatsuki
Proofreading: Tokiya Ito
Created January 27, 2008
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
