I book Taiheiki
Chihaya Tatami
Eiji Yoshikawa
-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]
"":ruby
(Example) Game 《Shobu》
｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Domyoji |
[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Numbers are JIS X 0213 area area number or Unicode, base page and number of lines)
(Example) * [# "Mouth + Ear", Level 3 1-14-94]
-------------------------------------------------- -----
[# 3 indentation] The stage of the game "Shobu" "Dan" [# "The stage of the game" is the middle heading]
Masanari wore a bow cane and pulled a little lame.
However, there are few Chihaya castle soldiers who are satisfied with the five bodies now. All the generals were injured or injured somewhere.
Otherwise, he is sick.
"... but Ryogen"
Masanari, who came out after visiting the ward, looked back at Ryogen Yasuma, behind him.
"Unexpectedly, everyone is fine. Tree buds and grass have finally sprouted on the mountain, and there is no shortage of blue food to give to the sick."
I looked around the color of the treetops and the power of the ground, and told them to hang out with my allies.
"Yes. Morale is just as sick as it is. But the food we have in stock is about to run out."
"Cereals, first"
"Hie, millet, rice, I can't afford any of them, but the salt in Shiokura is no longer ..."
"Did you look it up?"
"Ha"
Ryogen immediately took out his memory from the armor sleeves and turned the approximate quantity to Masanari * [# "mouth + ear", 3rd level 1-14-94] << whisper >>. The isolated endurance siege here is a policy that Masanari has consistently maintained from the beginning.
It was not the enemy's neck [# "emphasis mark"] but salt, millet, and dried fish that broke that policy and initially carried out a surprise attack with a small number of soldiers to Tennoji and Sakai. The main purpose of the operation was to bring seaweed and other items home.
Of course, from that point on, I was trying to save everything on the mountain.
Grilled rice, Domyoji |
Kawachi's famous mud potato.
The stalk 《Kuki》 was dried [# "Zuiki" as an emphasis mark].
In addition, plum pickles, dried persimmons, chestnuts, and anything else that can be preserved were found in the barn, but if you think of the daily food of the castle soldiers as rice six go, a thousand people will have six stones a day. It is a volume of more than 17 bales with 3 to 5 bales. The food with side dishes will disappear until night.
Of course, even in the battle, I continued to follow the ridges of Katsuragi and the ridges and bring ants into the holes from the outside, but the back of Yamabushi and the ninja corps were brought in. Etc. are only about the amount of [# "Taka" side point]. ――It was natural for Ryogen Yasuma to cloud his eyebrows every time he remembered it.
"... Mu .... Mumu .... I'm getting scarce. But from now on, I can eat tree buds, grass, insects, birds, beasts, anything. And support the siege here for a day. If you win one day. If you have ten days, you can win ten days. If you have another hundred days | Absent"
Masanari said.
However, Masanari's words are somewhat familiar to Ryogen Yasuma, and now I can't remember the inspiration, but I'm even sick of saying, "... Is it the same word again?"
"Oh, it's Masasue."
At that time, Masanari stopped and suddenly looked into the valley Kodama [# "Tani Kodama" as an emphasis mark] screaming under the Chihaya valley.
Masanari became unhappy.
"Oh, that's the voice of a warrior who slammed into the enemy without permission."
"Maybe goodbye"
"It's a top"
And tongue out,
"Isn't it dripping?"
Then, raise your hand to one of the Negoya in the distance, and from there you can see Yajiro Usami coming.
"Yajiro, go down to Higashi Valley and call for the season. I'll order you to pull it up right away."
"Huh"
Yajiro jumped down to the game stage and disappeared to the bottom of the valley as if sliding on the skin of a cliff.
The game nodan is a small bastion of a warrior scaffolding that is built in a convex shape from a cliff to the avalanche of a valley.
There are dozens of them.
If the enemy army fills the three-sided cliff with its own human wave tactics, seven or eight people will form a group to prevent it first.
First, aim at the remarkable enemies who are climbing up, and stab the approaching enemies. ――However, when he pulled out enough enemies to cling to the corpse afterwards, he threw rocks and large stone bullets from the top of the home plate for the first time. ――But there are still some enemies who don't frighten while sticking to the skin of the cliff. To get rid of it, then roll a huge timber on its side and drop it.
Kusunoki's tactics have generally been repeated to this day.
The Kanto samurai's long skills are horses and bows, but neither of them was used here.
Also, there is no way to utilize the large soldiers who are hundreds of times larger than Kusunoki in this area. Sometimes there are even many disadvantages due to being a large army. ――Even in the several all-out attacks that have been carried out so far, the deaths and injuries of the siders were not comparable to those of the castle soldiers. Although it is a Taiheiki style as usual,
[# Indent two characters from here]
――Yokata Nosaka Yori 《Koro》 Bi-fall, fall-heavy Natsute dead, 5 or 6,000 people a day, Nemo and Beri
Military magistrate, Shirozaemon Nagasaki 《Jiyou》, actual inspection Shikeruni, writing twelve people Nite, day and night three days noma mo, brush wo measures 《O》 Kazu, dead no name wo note 《Sil》 Seritozo
[# End of indentation here]
It's even exaggerated. And after such a war, I could hear the cremation of the dead at the Dabisho in Higashisakashita every day and night, and even Chihaya wanted to burn the dead corpse every day.
So, the side who made many mistakes was rarely reckless. Even issued a military decree,
"Unauthorized movement Kiarubekarazu"
Forbidden,
"The number of strange gongs" Kazo "Hez, pioneering Keha severe punishment"
And, the person who sought to tell the castle that he was holding it firmly.
Masanari was rather terrified.
I was thinking about what would come next. In addition, it was painful to eat up the troops of the day.
In particular, the psychology of Siege is scary because it is boring.
Already, his younger brother, Masaki, couldn't stand it, and he seemed to be the one who was going to the trap [# "trap"]. -Soon, the season came up in front of him from the bottom of the valley.
"Brother" Anija ""
The season was immediately told by me.
"I'm worried about something, but needless to say, the soldiers immediately pulled me out of the valley. Don't worry."
"Tsukushime"
And Masanari scolded.
"Why do you break the military rule" Gunritsu "by yourself, even though it is said that you should just measure your endurance and keep it firmly and defeat it?"
"No, I won't challenge you. However, it seems that a small group of enemies have often entered the Gorge of the Higashi Valley and are constantly searching for their ally's water hands, so I just chased them away. "
"Even if one or two places are cut off, I'm not afraid that the drinking water in the castle will run out. Rather, I'm more afraid to lose it to one soldier now. [# Emphasis mark on "small movement"] etc., leave it alone. "
"But today, I saw about two enemies riding horses, not just the soldiers, on the lower stream. So, I just ran into the horse and shot it home. That's why. "
"Horse corpse" Kabane ""
"Yes. I'm trying to loosen the meat, salt it, and add it to my troops.-Anyway, even though I have a bow, the arrow is exhausted and the bow is crying." Even if I blame you, I have no choice but to ask the enemy's salary to be sent to me a little. Please look forward to it today .... hahaha. "
Masasue's joke-like excuse for the season was rather like having his eyelids hot.
"Is that so?"
And nodding,
"Hahahahaha"
I laughed together.
Such a way of thinking has been done by Masanari.
As an example, around the time when there was no onslaught of the swordsman day and night, he often used a straw doll, Straw Ningyo, to earn an enemy's arrow.
Make innumerable straw dolls, resemble them as samurai, and stand them on the scaffolding of the cliffs at night.
Because there are many narrow fog 《Sagiri》 in the morning of the mountain, the enemy does not know that it is a straw doll and shoots it. ――How much arrow money can you earn with this? He even picked up a broken arrow and used it as a sedge for a raw shinobi, so he was like a human being with the military service of a straw doll.
However, the troupe soon learned that he had eaten a lot, and nowadays he doesn't even come up with a strategy that is similar to such a child's play "Jigi". No, Masanari has now been denied the approval that he has reached the limit of human mental power as well as food. Suddenly, with the season, the current dry laughter came out.
Then, there was a messenger from the Buddhist temple at the top. Takasuke Shijo, who is in the temple, wants Masanari to come soon.
"The season. I'm going to enjoy here. I'm going."
Masanari was heading right there with only Ryogen Yasuma and a few Roh parties.
To get to the top of Mt. Kongo from Chihaya's Honmaru, go down the road, cross the narrow neck of the mountain, and climb the rugged mountain slope again. is there. Then, you can see the large roof of the Souko Taruhorinji Temple and the nishiki no mihata of Ichi | Ryu, and there is no peak above it.
Takashi Shijo was a legal body "Hotai".
This head was mellowed after Kasagi Ochi.
At that time, after the Emperor Go-Daigo, the lord's outline was taken prisoner, but only he was hidden in the natives and changed his head to a sled appearance, and after a little sledding, he entered Kusuki Castle and was the only lord general. It was attached to the position of.
"Oh, is it Hyoe?"
As he was waiting, Ryusuke welcomed him into the camp that was stretched around the inner gate of the Houhorinji Temple.
"Sa. Use it for shogi."
"Itadakimasu," Masanari sat down on it-- "What do you want me to do?"
"It's nothing else, but now I have a messenger from Awa Katsuura Nosho."
"From Awa?"
"You know that, too. The pirate Iwamatsu Tsuneie's hand seemed to bring the Tsuneie's secret book to this. According to it."
Ryusuke screamed.
It was a burning and fighting spirit of the skin that could not be seen as a lord. Bend one of your armed shoulders forward.
"It seems that Oki no Mikado isn't going to Oki no Shima anymore. Harima Hoki, who was protected by the Miyakata and the pirates there, and had been cherished by Sir Fujifusa for some time. There is a broom at Daisenji Temple in Oki, and it is written in writing that there is no mistake about the island. "
"Huh. That's good news these days, but it's been successful."
"I still don't know if it's safe or not, but I'm sure there will be two, three, and subsequent good news. No ... Bei, a long siege. But now I can see the dawn light. "
"Really"
There was something in Masanari's chest that seemed to raise it. But it's not like the lord's royal capital is rejoicing without a hand. It was rather the opposite.
Recently, the ten-fold and twenty-fold "Hatae" of the "Yosete" are not fragile, and they seem to wait for the castle soldiers to get tired, but if Mikado's escape is successful. If so, the Kanto decree is not to allow such a large soldier to be nailed to this Chihaya Ichijo for a day. That's what you make at any cost
"Tread on one and three"
It must be annoying the big command to say, and repeat the total attack that is better than before. For Masanari, I thought that the last death guard who would endure it would soon be more enthusiastic about the bones [# "Noshi").
"By the way, I would like to tell this good news to Otonomiya immediately, but after the fall of Yoshino, the palace was only Takano, and I couldn't get in touch with his whereabouts. Is there a person? "
"The ceremony is left to Masanari."
"But I'm worried about the raw messenger. When a human being who has been hungry for a long time suddenly goes out to the village, he will be intrigued by what he sees, what he eats, and his asexual desire. Probably. For those who suddenly change their minds. "
"Don't worry about it. I will scrutinize it and send a man who can ask for it."
Soon after taking a book to the palace, he came out of the outer gate 《Gemon》. ――There was a middle-aged warrior who seemed to have been waiting for that figure, and when Masanari was called by that person, he made a strange face.
Although it tends to be reluctant, the samurai was asking Masanari.
"Military affairs, let's be in a hurry, but could you drop in at a little boy over there?"
"Oh, Jiro left."
The samurai made the most complaints to Masanari, who was fooled by just such a thing.
"Never, it's not my wife's favor, but from the beginning, Tamonmaru-sama tells everyone that his father has entered the temple, and that he has come. He said that he would stop by on his way home, and he was very happy to be alone. Therefore, despite the fact that it was difficult to send, I asked him to do this. "
“…………”
Masanari seems to be at a loss.
The eyes were looking at the other hospital.
Chihayamura, where his wife and children were located, was also under the occupation of the enemy, so he was suddenly moved to a temple on the mountaintop. Not meeting his wife and children on a daily basis was similar to other generals.
But now, suddenly
"Let's meet"
It seems to have been reconsidered.
If the inevitable gathering of stakes begins, or today may be the only opportunity today. So he left his followers in front of the Buddhist temple, and with Jiro left, he walked toward the Ichibo of Asahara temple.
For the first time, Masanari showed his personal familiarity to the person who greeted him.
"Jiro left. I heard that Utsugi is pregnant, but what about living in this camp and his body?"
I was asking.
"Ha is moving to Mame [#" Mame "emphasis mark]. I can't do anything, but I hope I can help my sister even a little, and I'll take on the role of a young child's guardian, Mori.
"That's good"
Masanari nodded,
"that is okay"
I muttered again.
From around winter, the whole country of Iga was not calm, and the couple of Jirozaemon Hattori and Uki were said to have Masanari as their brother-in-law, and they couldn't stay in Komata Nosho. By the way, it fell to the fortress of Mt. Kongo. ――And he was in the family of Masanari, and he was also a member of Karame, along with his grandfather, Sakon Onchi and Masatada Minamie.
"Oh, my father."
Tamonmaru (later Masayuki "Masatsura"), who quickly found his father's appearance as to where he was playing, showed a quick back view with his little brother, and the wet edge of the temple in the distance. I ran away with a loud voice.
"Mom. My father has come. My father has been waiting for me."
However, since there was no mother's voice inside, the same scream was repeated from the corner to the Kuri.
Then, around the well, weeds that could be eaten were selected and mixed, and among the women who were attached to Hiemochi, only Hisako hurriedly escaped from the kitchen of the temple. I hid in Kuriya. Hisako, like the other samurai women, looked like a peasant wife.
Hisako rushed into the dark corner of the kitchen, hurriedly lowered the sash, removed the sash, and wiped the dust off her shoulders and skirt.
Outside, Tamon Maru
"Mom, come early"
He said while showing the small ground [# "emphasis mark" on the ground].
"Hattori's uncle has already come over there. What are you doing, mom?"
"I'll be there soon"
Hisako finally answered the child.
"Tammon should go over there first and say hello to his father."
After that, she washed her hands, got her hair wet, put a comb, etc., and in the back of the small room, she quickly used red and white powder on her face.
Siege is also over 100 days. Not only the warriors but also the girls and children have become a "starving demon" nokan "yakata" with only bones and skin. For that reason, she doesn't want to make her "woman" look shallow to the good guys after a long absence. It seems that she will try to welcome her with a smile without losing the smell of a woman at least.
From a while ago, the old man Sakon and Hattori Jiro left
"Let's bend and bring me"
Hisako intentionally pretended not to know, even though he was consulting with him. ――Because of military affairs, just because you've just come to that point, you're not a good person who stops by to peep at your wife and children.
The enemy approached Shimochihaya, and the shelter there became unsuccessful, and Masanari was able to bear the young children, withdraw, and even on that day when he escaped after the arrowheads. He didn't even show up to his wife and children. ――No, seventy days after that, I have never even come here to speak to you.
If you go to the old man's Sakon, it's not difficult to guess how you feel. The other soldiers and generals in the siege are all doing their cute wives and children far away and enduring the tears of parting. The interpretation of the grandfather was, "... I'm the only one who puts my wife and children by my side, and it's very painful for him to meet with his wife and children." .. It is also something that Hisako understands too much.
For that reason, she also abandoned the spoiled way of being in Masanari's room, thinking of herself as a female soldier with children, and searched for a job that she could do as a woman. From the nursing of the wounded and sick soldiers brought from the major ｜ Emphasis mark, you can pick up the grassroots that can be eaten, and at night, with the needles with the samurai women The woman had a siege of a woman, such as sewing [# "emphasis mark"]. And it seemed that even the dream of a good man had forgotten during Kuta Kuta Natsuka [# "Tsuka" ni Emphasis Mark] who slept with his child in his clothes.
――But when I heard that the good man had come to this place, she remembered a fire like a new wife. In addition, it seems that there is something behind the fact that good people came to show their wives and children, saying, "... this is the only thing about this life." However, the scary premonitions made me squeeze my chest for no reason.
She finally got up.
For some reason, it was scary that I should go even if I started running. And as I turned around the wet edge, I immediately saw a good man. Masanari was still standing outside, hugging Tamon and Saburomaru.
It seems that the father's hand that I happened to meet feels the thickness, familiarity, and reliability that the child can't resist.
"Father"
Maybe I'm happy just to call it that way, both Tamon Maru and Saburo Maru grabbed Masanari's hand and didn't let go. He puts his hand on his cheek, hangs on his shoulder, and makes the parent chicken at a loss.
Grandfather Sakon Onchi, Masatada Minamie, and other soldiers who were kneeling in the distance also heated their eyes. It can be said that each * [# 2 character dot, 1-2-22] was looking at it with their wives and children overlapping.
"Well, sir .... Kazuko and his friends don't stop by here."
The old man came up and kept Tamon and Saburomaru in both hands. And to Masanari
"First, go to the inside"
I was prompted.
After seeing only Makoto, Hisako immediately turned to the ceremony table. However, "No," he recalled it, and Masanari just approached the wet edge and sat down. And
"I don't have time to go inside. It's good here. Hisako, it's good here."
And, I started to show a temporary relaxation.
"How is it?"
With eyes that look like he is looking under his wife's skin.
"It's great. However, it is the siege that has the body of each * [# 2 character dot, 1-2-22] well. Will you and the other women all change? "
"Yes .... Please think about your life here, because Kazuko and his friends are like that."
"Children are strong. I can't beat children. Adults are tired just by delusions .... Speaking of children, Utsugi is pregnant."
"But I'm fine. I'll take care of my youngest child, so I'm very helpful."
"You gave birth to and raised many people, but Uki seems to have lost two people so far. Please take good care of yourself."
The good man of Uki, Jirozaemon Hattori, knelt down a little away with other people, but when he heard that, he showed a slight hyperemia on his face and bent to that side. 》 Was correct.
"The flag here, the fort here, no matter what you lose, the first thing you have to protect is the child. Adults have just caused this kind of Ranma to the world. It's not a world like this. It's like fighting can only be fought if you hope for the sprout of the next life, Tamonmaru, Saburomaru, all of them. "
There must be a deeper story only about the couple << two >>. Suspecting that, Sakon of the old man glanced at those around him. Then, all of us gently left.
When he was alone, Hisako suddenly felt an avalanche in his chest. I unconsciously leaned near the good man and gently put my hand on the good man's hand on the edge of the board and spit. The good man's hand was a leather gauntlet, and although her hand was rough like a peasant wife, she had a warm wrist pulse and pulse. ... And for a while, both she and Masanari were in the voice of a little bird, aside from Makoto.
Soon. With Hisako's voice
"I'm back"
I heard the touch there.
People, including the old man,
"Maybe?"
It seems that I thought it was a shame. From the sleeves of the distant Jinmaku, I came out there.
Wearing sandals, Hisako's eyelids, who came outside to see off the good guys, saw a clear cry. People consciously turned their eyes away, and even to Masanari's face, they could only do the same etiquette.
"Hello, are you returning to the Imperial Palace? It's been a long time."
"No, it's not short"
Laughing lightly.
"I felt like I was thinking about this life. It was a luxury here to see the faces of my wife and children. I'm sorry for everyone."
"It's not so bad. To be honest, we were happy. That's why we can see the joy of Kazuko and his friends."
"Tamon, come here"
Masanari once again brought Tamon Maru and Saburo Maru to both sides.
"How many times did Tamon become?"
"Ten"
While giving his father's hand to his head, Tsumuri, when he was looking at his adorable face, Tamon's eyelids also responded red.
"Be a good boy. I'll love my brother."
"Okay"
"Go to my mother's side"
Actually, I was pushing myself away. Masanari started to move forward as if he was sick.
Then, from the annex of the other building, Mune, some people who had bandages occasionally came out with legs like barrels and could finally walk, and they stood in front of him.
"Oyakata. I'm looking for a companion! I'm going to take you to the team!"
"No, you guys"
"This is Masayasu Sabi."
About that, talk about it.
"I'm sorry for Tsunemasa Yao."
"I'm Juro, the younger brother of Kuro Sagihira."
"I'm Shinsuke Yao"
Masanari interrupted to scold.
"Wait, wait. Are you all seriously injured? Heal your body quickly."
"No, all the other people have said that it was the last time I was prepared to see my family at Tenhorinji Temple today."
When I looked at it, it seemed that dozens of people were still lining up pillows and looking at me in the hall.
"So do you tell me to take you? Do you say it's a day of preparedness? What do you mean. Like now."
Masanari struggled to soothe.
"I was prepared for the enemy every day. Perhaps in the near future, there will be a total of unseen enemies, but this is also the key point of Kusunoki Masasue. Don't worry, there are a lot of masters. Masanari and Masasue are also there. Until you see the enemy in Kusunoki, you should sleep carefully even for a day. Don't take care of yourself like a child. "
Then he immediately called the name of his companion soldier and Ryogen Yasuma, and hurried to the original downhill road. However, he himself was wearing a bow cane and was trying to avoid the painful walking.
Ninomaru, Honmaru. Such a name was not yet known at that time.
Although the word castle was used, that style was created in posterity.
However, it is the old knowledge of the Bukemon that the thousand guards have endured the severe winter on the mountain while resisting the large army of ten-fold and twenty-fold. Habits alone must not have met.
Therefore, new wisdom was sought, and it seems that the primitive type of so-called Kusunoki-style fortification came from necessity.
It is said that the Kikuchi Yari of Tsukushi's spear was the first to be used, but the master of the spear can be seen in the Song Asamizu Koden, and it became a Japanese "Gosannen War" Weapons that seemed to be spears were already used. -So, of course, it would have been a new weapon next to the bow to prevent Chihaya Castle, and it is unprecedented that even stones and large trees were used in large numbers above the enemy's head as such effective bombs. ..
It was all wisdom created by eating or eating. Of course, even the side of the hand squeezed the wisdom and did everything. The onslaught has ceased in a hurry these days, but a large group of indigenous people and engineers have been digging out the skirt of Chihaya Valley from a few days ago among the people on the other side of the castle.
"What did you start doing?"
In the castle, it is difficult to judge the intention of the enemy.
As I learned later, this was going under Chihaya's major turret, Ote Yagura, and digging a tunnel. It was the basis for the action of piercing the mine, escaping to the deadly point of the castle soldiers, and attacking the major turret.
The fact that such a large-scale operation was carried out can be proved by looking at one of the notices in the "Wada Document".
[# Indent two characters from here]
Gokenin of Izumi Province
Wada Repair Nosuke "Suke" Assistant
When digging the shore of the major Yagurashita of Chihaya (Chihaya)
The young party Shinsaburo | Akimune, a little to the right of the hipbone
I can't finish being shot
Note: 《Chushin Kudan no Goto》 Sadakane (size)
[# End of indentation here]
 other than this.
At night, the hand was shooting a fire pit 《Hiya》 into the castle without interruption and from nowhere.
It is a product filled with oil and fat "Yushi" in a firehouse "Hoya" with the tip of an arrow "Saki" as a basket. When the master of the strong bow shoots something similar to the Kabura-ya, the arrow pulls a whistle-like cry and a fire brim, and shoots the dark night, the castle tower, the soldier's root hut, where. Even if it goes down, it will drop the fire. A dry forest with little rain can cause a forest fire.
This was a night out, so I wasn't careful. And the aim of the fire extinguishing was to keep the castle soldiers from falling asleep every night and to use the small amount of water stored on the mountain to extinguish the fire.
"Sauce"
Masanari was finally lying in one of the rough wall partitions of this Kuruwa, but he couldn't sleep because of the cry of the fire pit.
"It's the season, I'm sorry for the season."
You can hear it in a dark place outside.
"Did a fire pit fall nearby?"
"Ha. I've erased it now, but I'd like to see Shinobu Ozo Daizo coming in at midnight."
"What is Okura?"
Okura was standing by Nakakido in the castle with his companion, Gonzo.
Soon, the voice of the soldiers
"Okura, go through"
I heard it in the dark.
Answer "Hey". "Gonzo, wait here."
"Boss and what should I do?"
"Sometimes, that's exactly what I said. If I call you, come and come. If things change, I'll come back."
After saying that, he alone followed the shadow of the soldier and went around the alley of the back Kuruwa.
There were many holes like the hut of Habu, which was painted with rough soil. Above is a high turret group to the night sky.
When I entered one of the clay mats, there was a light of a short cage 《Tankei》, and I could see Masanari on the rough, and Masasue was sitting next to it.
"Okura, master?"
"Thank you. First of all, there is no change for both of you."
"No, it's hard"
Said Masaki.
"All the castle soldiers are about to become only bones and skins. Moreover, it is strange that only Kihaku is finally full of bones. You came. "
"Because your predecessor is the predecessor, why should you be careful that this guy is suspicious?"
"Say an idiot"
In the season, he gave me a laugh.
"If you're suspicious, don't go here. I heard that Kagata's hermit, Inja, who I don't respect, replaced the fee, and now I believe that I'm on my side. . And what about Kagata's teacher? "
"As usual, I sit at my desk, spread the mountain picture of Kongo and the soldier's book, and I'm pulling my head every day."
"Then, is it a teacher's errand?"
"Hey. Actually, I had been to Yoshino before that, but finally Yoshino was a fallen castle. When I came back there for the time being, the hermit told me to tell Kusunoki-den for the reason, and immediately. I came to this. "
"It was a good idea"
Masanari took over.
"Then, I'm also familiar with the Tenmatsu of Yoshino Ochijo and the fall of the palace."
"Hey, outline, I've seen it with my eyes, and I've been listening to my ear bags."
"I want to hear that"
According to Masanari, Okura silently began to search for a different inner part. Then, put out the documents of "Mizu no Teken", which will be in the hands of the enemy in the example taken from Gonzo, before the season.
"First of all, please have a look from here. I'm planning to make it a souvenir, but I got it on the way."
The season was widespread, but Yoko was surprised at the details. What if this went to the enemy general in the castle? I showed it to my brother while muttering.
Masanari looked at it again, comparing it with Okura's eyes, but before long he said with a heartfelt head.
"I can't stand it, Okura, thank you."
I think Okura had a hard time.
On the face of Masanari, we can see gratitude, not just words. That alone was enough for him.
――In the world, a prize called Ichigun is widely spread around the neck of this person at Tango Funainosho.
The neck was in front of him.
However, originally, I knew that aiming at Masanari's neck was not the true intention of Okura, and I couldn't do it again.
Previously, he was a hunting dog in Rokuhara, but after being kept by his parents when he was a military scholar, he turned into a palace like a human being pointed to by the prophet Jumon. It has happened. That hermit must have been easy to turn around such a man. But he himself suddenly felt a fresh sense of motivation. The rebellion against the old powers was all right, the weaknesses, and the justice in his heart, all in line with his simple morale.
"Useful"
And unlike a samurai who is proud of his achievements, he says with great humility.
"It was a terrible thing that the unexpected pick-ups received such a joy."
"Is Okura. It's an important secret for the enemy and deadly for the ally. Why did this come into your hands?"
In response to the question of the season, Okura talked strangely about the encounter with his former subordinate Gonzo and the case of Kosatsu, a kosatsu.
"How"
Masanari smiled, drawing eye wrinkles on his face, which was buried in dirt and whose skin was invisible.
"No Masaki. It is an honor to have the Tango Ichigun prize on one of my necks. Nothing is bet on your neck. "
Is this the owner of the neck that is being targeted so much by the anti-miyakata of the world? To Okura, the person looked like something strange.
Is it a great master? No, he's not such a strong general, and he doesn't look like a wise man. That Kagata hermit seems to be more academic and more eye-catching.
What is this person?
Even if he faced this, he didn't have the dignity to overwhelm people, he was rather silent, and he was elusive. But when I was with something, it was warm. I didn't feel like I was in a terrible hunger and siege of the enemy, and I just felt like I was spending the night with a calm and honest person who didn't need to hide. ――Since Okura has been suspicious of all kinds of human beings and has sniffed them, I can be confident only in his intuition.
"Mr. Masaki. I'll be in the middle for a while."
"Where are you going?"
"I will clear up the third right I just mentioned first."
"Do you want to clean up?"
"I'm sorry, but I can't get hungry on my back."
"Okay, what do you get?"
Masanari stopped.
"It's not important for one of the released people to escape. Let's ask first. Please tell us about Otonomiya."
Yoshino Castle falls
The sad news was often used in the promotion of the side.
The enemy fired the Yabumi of it into the soldiers of the lonely base, and for that,
"The castle here is also a gallstone."
"Do you die for the sauce?"
"My wife and child in my hometown will cry."
"Surrender"
"I'll give enough food to the troops and return them to their original hometowns."
I was invited with various complaints such as.
However, from Chihaya, almost no soldiers descended. Those who escaped were finally screened out. Also, even if I heard "Yoshino Ochitsu", it wasn't a definite report from my allies, and none of the Ochudo from Yoshino had arrived here yet.
It is natural that all the roads between Katsuragi and Katsuragi are blocked from the back Kongo. ――It can be said that you have successfully come to this point only if you become a Shinobu Okura.
The following is.
This is a report from Okura. It was the first time for Masasue and Masasue to hear about the Yoshino area directly from those who were in that position.
× × ×
The name of Otonomiya is awe and mystery like the clouded leopard's quake thunder, and the movement is nervous, such as the Kanto region. There is.
Otoshi, I'm annoyed after Kasagi. The location of the palace has been variously mentioned on Kumano, Ise, the back of Totsukawa, and Takano, but since last summer, the fact of Yoshino's construction has finally been clearly grasped in the Kanto region. It was.
Miya's aspirations seem to be unexpectedly far-reaching.
In addition to the Totsugawa villager Takehara Hachiro clan, the people of Takano and Negoro were drawn from Kumanosanzan, and the area of ​​the Omine Mountains was regarded as a fortress. It seems that the big idea is to assign Kumanosanzan to the avant-garde.
However, it is unavoidable that the ideal of the palace will not be met.
I see, Kumano, Takano, and Izuko have little connection with the imperial court, but the public opinion is mixed. Division, scrutiny, neutralism, this is not the world's soul. ――Although it was being promoted in the happiness with Masanari, Yoshino Tsukijo was carried out on the basis of such a dangerous public opinion, and it was an unreasonable strategy in the first place.
However, the palace made Yoshino the main castle of the palace, and appointed himself as the general commander of the whole country, and the so-called "Otonomiya | He was planning to wake up to the return of Oki's father, Chichigimi.
However, once I was struck by a large soldier in the Kanto region, the castle fell too quickly.
The number of guards was about the same as that of Chihaya Castle, which was a mixture of Goshiyama monks, but not all of them, from their soldiers to operations, were like Masanari.
At the same time, Yoshino Castle itself was a military fortress of Yoshino's Aizen Hoto, and the public opinion was built in the shit, so the traitor inside immediately became the traitor. He had been familiar with the betrayal since the beginning of the war.
Mt. Yoshino is also a ridge.
There was some bōrui between the Yoshino River at the foot of the mountain and the Aizen Treasure Tower on the mountain, and the large soldiers on the side had a hard time everywhere on the 7th and 8th.
 However.
A monk named Iwagikumaru, the head of Shin-Kumano-in in the mountains, took part in the people of the Anti-Otonomiya and went out to buy a mountain guide through a sidewalk.
Once upon a time, around the time of Bunji.
Even when Minamoto no Yoshitsune fled to Yoshino, the priest of the Myokakuin, Yokokawa Nokakuhan, was eager to receive Kamakura's award and tried to chase Yoshitsune. ..
Iwagikumaru was similar to that. He is familiar with the inside of the guards and is also familiar with geography. ――By his hand, the submarine of the side of the hand goes deep into the peak and suddenly attaches the emptiness of the Aizen treasure tower, Takashiro behind, and Tsumejiro. I baked it up to.
The palace was in Zaodo on the front line, but looking at the black shavings on the far home base behind,
"Have you ever been?"
And, he himself took a hit and ran into the enemy.
The watering can and the Yakushido area were the second defense positions, but they are no longer crushed. The hand broke through the precincts of Myojin, and asked, "Where is the palace?" The neck of the palace has more than Kusunoki's prize.
The palace turned over to Zaodo and entered the large curtain overlaid with Zao cherry blossoms, saying, "It's a farewell party." I had a drink. At that time, one of the warriors, Sagami Kidera, danced "Tsurugi no Mai" with a sword with "fish" and blood glue. I was already prepared for it.
Sometimes. --Yoshimitsu Murakami, one of the generals of Miyakata, came and urged me to take a short break, and let Yoshitaka my child, including Miyakata, fall from Minamiya to Tenkawa.
And he climbed over Nitenmon.
Yoshimitsu's eyes were looking for the future of Miya and my child, which was falling. At the same time, he felt relieved at his place of death. A samurai figure that burned in the heart of sacrifice and was beautified suddenly seemed to be impossible in the human streets. In addition, he wore the armor of the palace and even lightly made up his clothes, and called him "--Otonomiyaichi | Prince Hyōbu Takahito of the goods" Pon ", so he was under the tower gate. I didn't doubt any of the enemies who were sick. After attracting it, attracting it, and fighting hard, Yoshimitsu committed suicide.
At a later date, after the general of the side, Nikaido Doun, delivered his head to Rokuhara,
"Not a palace"
It was a rumor in the streets that it turned out to be a big failure, and it is not the truth.
Yoshiteru Murakami is a person who has left forty. There was no doubt that Otonomiya was a 26-year-old young man. It would have been immediately known that it was a fake neck and a substitute.
On the other hand, the fallen palace was also chased by the Nobita army, and it was somewhat dangerous. --Yoshitaka, a child of Yoshimitsu Hikoshiro, also died on the way to follow his father. --There are no remaining companions. Then, after wandering around day and night, from Yoshino to Takano, I walked through the mountains of the two-day road for more than seven days, and finally reached Takano.
Koyasan itself was hard and neutral on the surface.
Aside from the war clouds of Chihaya and Kongo, the people of the Homon were not involved in the military at all, and earlier with a decree from Otonomiya.
"Hasesan to Yoshino Castle"
And even if there is a rush
"If you become a monk"
And he didn't respond to that call.
However, the situation is different today. --The palace is nothing more than a helpless fallen man. He came in love with Takano. It is against the Buddha's heart to support this. --Ichiyama's congress was soon over, and the palace was hidden behind the ceiling of the Daigaran, which is called the Great Tower.
The Togoku soldiers who chased the palace began to show shadows on the flickering mountain. Nikaido Michio himself has climbed the mountain with all his strength. Moreover, the headquarters was set up in the ground of the Great Tower, and the investigation of Manzan Manji was started.
Meanwhile, in the main hall of the Great Tower, a priest under the old priest goes around the platform of Goma, and every day from dawn to night, he takes turns occupying the position of sutra chanting. There wasn't. According to "Spring and Autumn Annals", it is said that at that time, Ichiyama cooperated and concentrically learned the "Marici Tenkakuho". ..
Is it the merit of legal power or the good luck of the palace? It took about three days for the general general to stay, and he was vain.
"Because you can't see it even if you search so much, is there any other palace?"
I ordered the descent and pulled it up.
The palace came down like a spider from the beam of the great tower and apologized for the people's gratitude. The attitude of the palace at that time was really good. I'm not subservient, and I can't even see the frightening child. It is said that there were not a few young priests who suddenly moved their hearts and remembered their soul to the palace, saying, "It's really different" and "It's still the son of the Go-Daigo". Soon, the palace left Takano, adding them to his obedience.
The appearance of the palace after that was like a cloud or a haze again, and I don't really know where it is.
However, since then, in Yamato's Uchi-gun and Minami-Katsuragi districts, the activities of the unknown military towns have often been noticeable.
In other words, the place that corresponds to the back Kongo, not the front of Mt. Kongo. --Kii Mikoshi, the performer Sugikoshi, Chihaya Pass, Kurunokoshi, Kurunogo, Takatenkoshi, etc. A surprise attack on the Kanto camp that is blocking the back road, and the appearance of the turbulent wave "Rappa" (fifth column) that disappears like a cloud fog is becoming more recent. It's amazing.
Probably, Otonomiya is now in it, and is also in command of Operation Doho.
And, I think he was trying to join Mt. Kongo by helping Chihaya's lonely base in the shadow and finding a breakthrough.
× × ×
Shinobu "Oshi" no Okura "Daizo" has finished talking about the outline of his observations before Masanari and Masasue.
"I made you feel good"
Masanari opened the half-eye that was closed.
"Okura, on top of that, there is an urgent need for that. Can you go right away?"
The next day, Okura was no longer in Chihaya.
I passed through the back Kongo and left nowhere. It seems that he went to search for the whereabouts of Otonomiya with a letter of Takashi Shijo entrusted by Masanari.
The quiet and safe siege continued for a few days.
The day when no one died on the enemy or ally is a strangely hollow day here [# "emphasis mark"].
Masanari was sitting on the floor of Yagura, relaxing and indulging in thought.
The outlook is not so far here.
Higashi no Kitayama, Mt. Katatsuki on the front, and many other small ridges and peaks form the collar of the foot, Nakatsuhara Road and Kanshinji Road from the foot of the mountain. In addition, the three other roads are tied up at the mouth of the gorge.
"Around that point, if you stop the water at Suzuka Falls and take the opportunity to cut the weir, the enemies in the castle will be flooded at once [#" Bitashi "is an emphasis mark]. "
It seemed that he was thinking about it.
However, in order to do that, the enemy soldiers just below the castle cliff must be wiped out first, and that too
"Is it a ze or a non-hi?"
 it is conceivable that.
The castle guards were already lacking a thousand. It is not a good idea to lose even one more soldier. Also, if weir construction is to be done, it will interfere with all things as an enemy.
"... Well, is it more endurance than that?"
Masanari denies himself the wisdom of tingling [# "emphasis mark"]. I think Siege is just stubbornly patient. The terrain here is rugged, but delusions make it uneasy. And if it happens, he wants to make a torn Itoguchi himself.
"Delusional Suru Naka". That's what someone said. "
――Even today, when I'm here, strange ground cracks come to my body from time to time. It seems that the enemy's Earth Dragon "Mogura" strategy is progressing considerably.
However, the enemy's lenient tactics will change in the next few days. -On the day when Oki's Mikado succeeded in escaping the mainland-As soon as that early hikyaku surprised Kamakura and Rokuhara, he must give out a roar.
"That's it"
He looked behind him and
"Yuhitsu, take the brush"
I ordered, and dictated a sentence to Ryogen Yasuma. Then, he wrote it on the circulation board and told him to send it to the bastions of various places.
The appearance was incredible.
"In this wording, it is read that only the Oki Islands were returned to the mainland, but is this okay?"
"Well, I don't know the exact news yet, but it's too late to see the enemies' totality. It's still necessary to keep the morale up.
"I'm happy"
Under Yagura, it was when Ryogen was writing the main monk on a board.
The season, which had been out from this morning to Kitayama, which the castle soldiers call "Enemy Mountain," came to me and gave me a glimpse of the brush of the sword. I was climbing hoping for the top of the Yagura ladder.
"My brother, Anija. I need to be vigilant."
"Is it the season? What did you see?"
"This morning, I climbed Mt. Enemy and was paying attention to the outlook, but today I can see the movement of the enemy steadily."
"Hmm. In which direction"
"Nagano, Kanshinji, Nakatsu Haraguchi, and Sando are all moving, and yellow dust is flying in the distant Tojo and Ishikawa skies, which is not just a matter of fact."
"Really"
"Isn't it possible that new players and teams are joining the enemy and trying to launch an unprecedented onslaught?"
"Then, it's a good season, it's a good sign. It may be a good thing."
"What kind of judgment is that?"
"It proves that your escape from the Emperor Go-Daigo is not a myth.-Also, you can see that the island was successfully carried."
"What so"
"I thought that the secret report of the pirate Iwamatsu was still early for joy, but it was the shock of both Kamakura and Rokuhara that the enemy showed such a color, and they scolded the side here. Must be "
"So that's it"
"You said that you saw the distant yellow dust as a newcomer, but that's not the case."
"What is it?"
"The opposite is true. Perhaps some of the long-runners are returning to their own country, because there are many local warriors."
And when Masanari said later. Suddenly, an earthquake-like rumbling shook the entire turret here.
"Mogura Domome!"
In the regular season, look into the cliff below from the crossbar of the Yagura group.
"My brother. The enemy's mine digging" Anahori "has unknowingly carried out mountainous soil into the valley, so it may have already been dug near the bottom of the turret."
"Enemy but patient"
Masanari laughed. And
"The hardships of the servants will finally be the tactics and the footsteps .... I just said that if you, the emperor Go-Daigo, are comfortable with the broom, it will be. Protected by the two Daisenji temples of Harima and Hoki, the royal broom immediately flies in all directions. It's all about the slaughter of land and various conflicts that occur in various places. "
"I understand. The Kamakura forces who are coming to the castle of Chihaya are all local warriors who have been in the long line since last year. Among them, there are many warriors in Kyushu, Shikoku, China, etc. From "
"They must have come up with a country to be away, unwilling, and all have some excuses to hurry to their own country .... but the season."
"Huh"
"You can't be optimistic. Finally, Ichijo's mortality will be squeezed, and the final battle will be overwhelmed. Good preparedness."
It was the first time I heard the word "decisive battle" from my brother's mouth. I felt like I could blow through my body during the season.
[# 3 indentation] Unbreakable Kongo << Fuekongou >> [# "Unbreakable Kongo" is the middle heading]
Each of the camps of the servants stood on a narrow scaffolding and was in the shape of a rush. On the flat ground, in some places, on the hillside, which was only the size of a palm, at least 30,000 soldiers were fighting by eating, sleeping, and dropping while screaming at the long line. People, horses, messier than anywhere else in the world. Every face is fluttering, and each person's tail * [# "Bone + low construction", 3rd level 1-94-21] Bone "Bitekotsu" has developed human primitives again. Looks like. And the yard was separated by a flag and a jinmaku over the whole mountain.
"Nan"
Nagasaki Eishirono, the magistrate of Ikusa, was pouring Zhu on the front and screaming at the samurai of somewhere.
"If you're sick, stay in the camp and heal. Is it okay for Takemon to leave the battlefield just because he's sick? Do you know shame or shame?"
"No ...", the samurai of the servant turned blue and explained for his master.
"Originally, my palace had a chronic illness called malaria. It was Kamakura's wisdom," Geji. " It is unbearable to withstand the cold and dampness of the mountains. "
"Dare"
"Huh"
"What is ukigoshi? This affliction is the affliction of all the armies. Everyone is fighting today in response to the grace of the successive generations of Ruidai. I'm amazed at the fact that it's a strange thing, and I'm afraid to say ukigoshi.
"Then, forgiveness, isn't it?"
"Nara"
And, the application for the return of his husband, which he had in his hand, was twisted and twisted.
"This kind of thing is hard to hear as a magistrate. Take it home."
And, I went back to the usage number.
This was Akatsuki now.
However, the day before that, there was a samurai who said the same thing. There are various excuses, but everywhere I came back, I was upset by Kunimoto's anxiety. -It seems that the escape of the Oki Islands of the late emperor and the uprising of Miyakata in various places-were all about.
"This bad example was opened by Nitta. I couldn't forgive Nitta's return to Japan."
Since now, Nagasaki has regretted it.
Kotaro Nitta, a resident of Ueno's country, was also a member of the group, but about eight days ago, he sent Yoshimasa Funada, the chief retainer, to this place, and his illness was beriberi. Then, I reported that I was returning to Japan because I couldn't keep up with the war, so I just noticed it and overlooked the open resignation.
However, when I think about it later, Yoshisada must have had a false illness. So, yesterday, the good wishes of today's insects were all in tune with each other, but it was still a shameful person who delivered them to Ikusa Bugyo. ――That morning, behind Chihaya, people were hearing about the returnees who were leaving without permission.
Indignant at that, Nagasaki told the messenger to spit on each and every one.
"... What are you going to chase down and tell me to stop? Wait, wait, then let's get into a friendly fire fight. Throw away. There are so many humans. It will be. "
There are many fights. It's not just a day quarrel. It's a quarrel between the team. Immediately shed blood.
I ridiculed my master, wrestled my subordinates, and the small killings were constant, and even among the generals, there were complaints about the division of positions and rice. There was no dispute between allies due to complaints about distribution. And tens of thousands of hands
"We are"
It is completely lacking in unification, just because of its pride.
Ikusa Magistrate Nagasaki Shirozaemon Nono was also just afraid to do this. He is a child of Enki Nagasaki, the inner jurisdiction of Kamakura, and is not a relative of Mr. Hojo.
However, the generals such as Aso, Nagoshi, Daibutsu, Sasuke, Kanazawa, and Shioda in the camp here are all Hojo clan and Fudai Daimyo, so maybe
"What is the child of Enki?"
And the military decree was also neglected.
For example, there is a general who secretly brings a group of prostitutes from around Eguchi and Kanzaki and hides them in the Jinmaku "Tobari", and the entertainment of Go, Renga, and Tocha is open. Because of the wind, Nagasaki often
"There is also a hearing from Kamakura. The feast is not the same."
Although it was banned, it has never been done.
The harmful effects were terrible, and even such an incident occurred.
Nagoshi Toeno Irido and his nephew Hyogosuke bet on the beauty of the prostitute and played Sugoroku. Not only were both of them seriously injured, but there were also ugly incidents such as the servants and their servants playing a sugoroku quarrel.
If one thing is everything, even if you look at this example, you can see the disorder, but this is by no means all. ――In addition, there are some who have not lost the samurai-ness of the Kamakura samurai, and are proud of their Japanese spirit in their armor.
Before attacking Akasaka?
On the left pillar of the large torii gate of Shitennoji, there is a sauce work "work" or a sumi scent "Sumi ni". It looks like "Karma underneath", and aside,
[# Indent two characters from here]
Shiro Hitomi, a resident of Musashino country | Onna, 73 years old
On February 2nd of the 2nd year of Shokyo (Northern Court), he headed for Akasaka Castle and was killed in action to reward Takeon.
[# End of indentation here]
There was a suicide note. Also, on the pillar on the right, I wrote, "Wait for a while, don't get lost in the darkness.
[# Indent two characters from here]
Residents of Sagami no Kuni
Kuro Homma ｜ Sukesada is a child, Gennai Bei Yaue, Shitada, 18 years old
2nd year of Shokyo ｜ Nakaharu 《Chiyuu Shiyun》 2nd
Father pillows the corpse
Stay alive on the same battlefield
[# End of indentation here]
There was a written character. Ink did not disappear in the subsequent wind and rain.
I think. There must be quite a few such samurai among the Kamakura group. However, was such a life so regrettable that it was in a hurry to disperse?
Anyway, the large military decree from Kamakura Omote arrived here in late March, and the situation is that it was late.
[# Indent two characters from here]
In the near future, the late emperor Nodoza wo singing "Uta" Hi, Sanin Ichien, and the mayhem no Hearing "Himpin" Tarari.
旁 * [# Two-character dot, 1-2-22] << Katagata >>. Nitemo from all over the West, seeing the broom uprising.
Svete one day mo, slack "Yuru" Gasearubekarazaruni, Chihaya Kongo no stalemate "Kauchiyaku" Hisashikikoto, Sole reckless mosquitoes, negligence "Kuwatai" mosquitoes.
Immediately, the force of mortality is regrettable, the thief is crushed, the sono machine is crushed, and the Sanin China is changed.
[# End of indentation here]
It was a command of the Barrier troops that the rushing inside of the shogunate and the surroundings of the high-time sovereignty, which was numb to the chiefs here, were visible.
"Is it really true?"
Nagasaki was surprised.
The escape of the late emperor was heard more quickly by the Chinese samurai, etc., than in this bulletin. ――Their upset was due to direct reports from each country, and it was natural that it was earlier than the information that had bypassed Kamakura far away, and Nagasaki could not help but hurry now.
Deputy General Aso Danjo, Sadanao Daibutsu, Sadanao Saragi, Ukyosuke Awakawa, Kyosuke Ogo, Dou Nikaido, and Twelve Generals , It was just after the Kamakura decree arrived here that I gathered my head in one camp, and in the afternoon of the same day, from Rokuhara again.
"Kintsuna Utsunomiya | Kintsuna Utsunomiya.
When I touched it, his Senjo horse arrived here, and other newcomers were rushing into the castle of Chihaya.
Of course, this should be called the Barrier troops that came under the direct command of Kamakura, in order to stimulate the local army's dare [# "dare" as an emphasis mark] and dare to compete for shame and merit among allies. It was clear. ――In particular, Kintsuna Utsunomiya is one of the most rigid people in the eastern country, and once in the battle of Watanabe Bridge, he challenged Kusunoki's forces, and he always seemed to be
"Masanari, who are you?"
And, paying a lot of words, Kusunoki was a person who called himself a long-time nemesis and a rival.
"So that's it"
The public rope was lying in hopes of Chihaya.
"Is this the castle of Chihaya, which has attracted tens of thousands of hands for more than a hundred days and is immortal?"
And it was still something ridiculous, but immediately, I chose the terrain of my own team and
"Kintsuna was in charge of the forerunner of Koshin. If the first rider of Chihaya catches the Kotsuna, I'd like to leave this hand to you."
At the shortest distance from Nakatsu Haraguchi to Chatan in Chihaya, I decided on my own position with over 1,000 new horses.
"People are also lonely public ropes"
"Don't let your nose blow with the help of newcomers."
The military congress was early, and the general army tended to go to the valley. The area under Chihaya was filled with soldiers so that the shakuchi could not be seen.
The new army has not licked Chihaya's fierce resistance.
I don't even know the official rules.
"Koyo is a rest"
That night, he was resting his soldiers, but as soon as he dawned, his corps took the initiative to hit the cliffs of Chatan (also known as Kongoya) near Chihaya Castle.
[# Indent two characters from here]
This castle cuts deeply from east to west, and there is no need for people to climb it.
[# End of indentation here]
As you can see, I have a feeling of looking up at the sky from the bottom of the well. The major Chihaya valley, the bath valley behind, and the Myomi valley in the south are all so. Everywhere has seven or eight hundred shaku cliffs and steep cliffs, and the upper plateau has three more stages: Negoya, Plateau, and Earthworks Kuruwa from 1 to 4. It forms "Iguruwa".
Along with the public rope, the new friendly army that just arrived yesterday
"Don't give credit to Utsunomiya alone"
And again, I attached to another cliff. However, the traditional local army
"Ten tens of thousands of allies haven't made such a difficult attack if it's enough to fall into the public rope."
And, I was watching it coldly.
The public rope is also small, and there is also a daily big word.
"Don't be scared"
From the middle of the cliff, heading down, he oversaw his subordinates.
"I'm like this. Is there anyone who climbs up before me?"
"What kind of!"
The young Mikawa Mamoru of the clan and his six or seven Hatamoto can be seen crawling over his side.
But what happened? One of them was suddenly blown from the skin of the cliff into the air, and the area was covered with dark dust. It wasn't from my ears that I felt the avalanche of Oishi, but from the mountain surface that I was unconsciously hugging.
“…………”
When the public rope opened its eyes, there was no one ally on me anymore. He touched one of the rocks that was his shade and jumped on it. And he said with my courage, just looking at his allies and listening to his enemies.
"Where is Kusunoki? Why does Masanari not show up? This is the Utsunomiya Kotsuna who missed Kusunoki from Watanabe Bridge to Shitennoji last year. If you don't want to be laughed at as a coward, let's name it.
Then, a laughing voice broke out. His old-fashioned warrior name glue might have sounded like an out-of-place peace song to a lone soldier. Immediately, a piece of hemp rope was thrown from above toward him.
"Private", "Private"
Also, with other voices, "Morogoe",
"Climb up!"
"Climb up, public rope"
It was a fuss.
The public rope pulled one of them. Certainly. Until the next foothold, I went about ten shaku. It seems to be okay. And still, when I saw that I was climbing several tens of shaku, the rope was cut off at the top. Ah. -Of course, his body resembled the small size of a nut falling to the bottom of the valley.
Daigo of the public rope was also just laughing at the enemy and ally here, and it was just the beginning of the total attack from that day.
I would have considered the public rope.
The war is not that of Genpei Hana or quite a time, as in his dream of a Tohoku warrior in today's war. The lone guards will also eat tree roots and wild mice. Moreover, the flag of the rain-covered Kikusui, which was light black on the immortal fortress, was even majestic. I can't understand it on the side of the side, so why is it so strong? Is it just a group of people who are not afraid of death? Inwardly, it was a marvelous target.
"First, shoot a fire pit."
"Shoot just an arrow"
"And as the castle soldiers are upset about extinguishing the fire, the army goes through the tunnel" Anamichi "and escapes under the yagura."
"The tunnel" Anamichi "has already been dug out. If you step on that high yagura, you'll have done it."
"At the same time, another army crawls all over Chihaya Valley."
"Mayomidani, Chatan, Furodani, all at once. Don't turn around even if your parents are killed. Even if your child is dead, look back. It ’s about trampling. ”
Ikusa magistrate Nagasaki and the generals of each army vowed before the military order magistrate from Kamakura Omote. -In addition, the main commanders of the entire army stood in the circle, listening hard to the happiness of the operations of the main brains.
"I understand."
"understood"
"Attach to the department"
"Oh"
It was as easy as Konoha, the general of each army, the general of each unit, to each place.
In the morning, those who left the pioneer of Kintsuna Utsunomiya at their mercy and whispered with their hearts. Before that, Kamakura's urgent order and the ferociousness of the entire army were not as good as yesterday.
There is Mt. Akataki across Chihaya Valley, a major castle in Chihaya Castle.
Around that area, there were many log towers. As much as possible, it is in contact with the enemy's fortress, and as much as possible, it is assembled with a small rock head, etc., so it is a close distance to shoot an arrow.
Soon, the void became the path of arrowheads.
Immediately, small smoke rises from the top of the enemy in several places.
1 ｜ Every time I see the smoke of the pillar, it is a battle cry that makes the valley bark. It's Kaisai, imagining the turmoil of the castle soldiers under the rain of fire. However, there is a limit around the arrow. The arrow of fire does not reach deep or far in the fortress.
"Let's take the tunnel" Anamichi ""
"No, go to the cliff"
The soldiers who crouched in Chihaya Valley, the thousands headed for Chatan, and the troops who squeezed from all three sides were close to 10,000. Behind that, the drumsticks of the push drum continued to smash like madness, and the Jingane shook the mountain. Spring | After the rain, there was little rain in the mountains, and the moss and undergrowth were dry, but the heavens couldn't help but the clouds were gradually falling on that day.
A certain distance was at once,
Wow ...
I got angry and made progress, but then I didn't move. --It was a wall of death. All the soldiers have a cliff [# "emphasis mark" on the cliff] at the bottom of the cliff, and they do not come out in front of the crawling by selecting the unevenness of the skin.
The commander's command is crowing.
At one point, the smashing of Jingane and Oshidaiko had no effect. It takes a long time for any wild boar warrior to become one with the wall of death, but it takes time for everything in the body to be lost from the pores throughout the body.
However, it is not as long as it is. Eventually, the color of the armor and the lump of meat, which sank the valley and dyed the skirt of the cliff, gradually crawls upward like a cloud. Instead of moving forward, he was pushed out from behind by the wheels of a human with the same work. ――When you can no longer hear the fire screams and arrow screams of the protection "Engo" from your allies passing overhead, and your skin becomes insensitive to any sound or tremor, one The face of one soldier had escaped from humans and turned into something with only eyes and claws. Perhaps when each wife and child in their hometown had a dream, they couldn't help but wake up in a scream and cry. However, they couldn't even turn around from the dying wall of death. He crawls in the cliffs, looking for rocks, constantly shrugging his neck, and just crawling in the crowd.
Then, suddenly.
Da, da, da, da ...
Do, do, do ...
And, the continuous wall from Chihaya valley to Kongo valley started to ring.
"Shah"
"Come"
In the end, there is no human voice at all.
Both the soldier and the general hugged the cliff on the way. The angry trembling mountain surface slams into their five viscera and six dragons through the soil. Countless rocks and large stones rolling from the top robbed the comrades around him. And after the thinned ground, the blood splattered with light, and the blood flowed and moved like a blue worm.
"Damn"
"damn it"
"Are you dead?"
They don't even know the faces of the enemies they hate. I just shout at the turbulent stepping stones.
And the survivors started crawling again. Subsequent units fill the gap. But immediately, the next stone bullet was falling. For a moment, the shrub fragments and pebbles mixed in the dirt are just black droplets, and the human earth and sand that is rolled up and avalanche is silent and too brittle, so it is just a substance. I can only think of it.
"No matter how Kusunoki"
One commander was screaming like a ghost with his half face bloody.
"I'm not a Tenma Demon God. It's the number of castle soldiers who have been sought after. Come on with me as a shield."
He was brave. There was something reminiscent of a samurai Kamakura, and I could see seven or eight people following him. And most of the group clung to the battlefield near the top of the fortress, and seemed to jump up to the warrior scaffolding among the enemies, without any spear or long handle from above. However, there, he met Kusunoki's sword blade, which was desperate for death, and it seemed as if he had been annihilated immediately.
It's not one place there. The barking of Ashura is approaching the entire surface of the paddlewheel.
A group of human whirlwinds, "Ichimuji," suddenly appeared as "Kotsunen," far above the right end of Chihaya Valley.
"Stolen"
"I've opened the way for the front line"
"This is the army of the Great Buddha Land Guard"
"One move of Hikokuro Ogasawara"
"A group of Daisuke Chiba"
"I squeezed under the enemy's yagura and grabbed the highlands here. Follow me, my allies."
When I wrapped up the humorous sword and the voice of the bigger battle cry, I somehow repeated the 谺 《kodama》 in the clouds.
For some time, it appeared at the 8th and 9th stations of the cliff like an ant, using the tunnel that had been dug for a long time with a great deal of human power as a breakthrough.
This must have been one of the successes of the side.
In the past, they reached a height that they couldn't approach at any cost and occupied a small plateau there, so it's no wonder they went crazy and boasted.
Immediately, the flag of the Togoku warrior turned over to compete. It was also a proof of military service at a later date. And when I saw one breakthrough there, I followed the underground ant road "Arimichi" where the other troops in the valley were throbbing. No, I can't let people be proud of their achievements. The surface of the cliff was also painted in the color of the crawling soldiers. An optical illusion occurs in which the ground gently rolls up in the opposite direction. ――Chihaya's crisis seemed to be right now.
However, the castle was a cause of death.
From Masanari right now
"Don't panic. Until you give command, stay in each department and move freely."
I just heard a voice from the top of the yagura.
"Is it okay?"
One of the Yagura warriors, Mitsukazu Onchi, said to Masanari's profile in a spit-spitting voice. Manichi is a child of his grandfather Sakon.
"I can see each enemy's face well. And I can't see the soil on the cliffs. All the enemy soldiers.
“…………”
Masanari is looking.
There was no reply to Manichi.
The tail of oily smoke grabbed the buckwheat noodles. A soldier with a water-filled rope flapping [# "emphasis mark"] is immediately extinguishing a fire pit that has fallen nearby. Masanari walked and ordered Matsuo of Higashi scaffolding | Suetsuna, Masamoji Jinguji of Nishi scaffolding, and other bases for the first time.
"Take the fire and rain" Hisame "!"
It is not a raw thing like a fire pit. It was a kind of bamboo-knitted flame ball with oil rags in the core and dead leaves, and a torch torch. Immediately, it pours down onto the side like a fire-breathing active volcano.
A scream occurred. The mountain shook with a burning moan. However, the enemies of the clash are approaching even with smoke on their bodies. The castle soldiers fired arrows and threw spears at closer enemies. It was just like a harpoon with a sharp blade planted in front of a stick.
"Cut the weir of the gutter"
When Masanari's second decree was passed, then somehow, several waterfalls fell from the top of the enemy's mine shaft.
For the siege soldiers, the water was the water of life, so it was used as a worship. Now, I cut the waterway of the gutter and gutter, and threw it all at once toward the entrance of the enemy's mine.
The flame balls that were stored on a daily basis were also sprinkled on other enemy soldiers on the entire cliff. As a whole, it seems that Chihaya's defense was also exerting its ultimate mortality in the defense of the day.
However, there was nothing like Masanari's command on that day. Probably in the cold wind of the late clouds,
"Rain, close"
It seems that he took a trivial tactic.
Anyway, it seems that the enemies' upset that filled the underground tunnel was an unimaginable disaster. A muddy stream of mud would have flowed down the slope of the mine shaft to a thousand miles. Furthermore, the troops on the plateau of the wellhead "Anaguchi" were also struck by stones and trees, and there was also an almost annihilated acid nose.
Also, somewhere, suddenly, the escape foot avalanche without interruption. Someday the valley was filled with dusk, and even to the depths of Chatan, all the cliffs called cliffs were already smoking. Flame balls do not burn easily. The fire burns the shrubs around it, giving the view of demon fire hell.
I couldn't find any moving shadows on the skin of the cliff anymore. But from time to time, the ground of Oishi shook the abyss from the cliff. The more the valley was filled, the more stones were piled up, and the dead soldiers were sandwiched between them. The clouds are finally hanging low and the night is getting wet. ――At last, at that time, there was a retreat from various camps, but most of the eastern nations had already scattered somewhere. Then, it began to rain cold white in the darkness of the lonely dead valley, which was nothing but a dead man or a dead man.
It continued to rain for four or five days.
During that time, there is no need to worry about preventing fire. But the castle soldiers couldn't rest. There is labor to replenish stones and large trees in preparation for the next. There was also an urgent need to repair the buried gutter and store the water of life in dozens of water tanks in the castle. Moreover, their muscles were nourished like astringent skin.
"Ryogen, how many more days of food do you have?"
"I won't keep it for ten days."
"No, there are tree buds and grass."
When I think about it, Masanari's chest hurts. The castle soldiers had regained their new courage because they didn't know about the Oki Islands' tuodao island, but even so, there are limits.
However, it can be said that Masanari's total, which was aimed at attracting the Kanto soldiers under Chihaya and earning time, had reached the middle. Masanari secretly had a shit [# "emphasis mark"] smile on it. On top of that, if I could survive, I think it would be a godsend or a miracle that was not human-powered.
Well, when the weather gets better.
The hand was once again devising the next hardship. It was later called "Escalade". It seems that huge wells are built in various places, a ladder is hung on the cliff, and I try to approach without stepping on the valley.
Masanari was laughing and watching.
Then, unexpected support came in from the back side of the lonely base "Korui". Guided by Shinobu Okura, who went to use it earlier, a group of food transporters led by Otonomiya's subordinates, Yukihide Takama, and Kaizen's brothers broke through the enemy of Sekiyaguchi from the Yamato area. It was that I arrived at.
[# 3 indentation] Tounsai [# "Suiunsai" is the middle heading]
"Baba, go out. It seems that you will visit at the corner of the gate."
Aji of the mountain cottage said.
Mori Tokichi. Beyond the valley of the Kagada River, from Chihaya, it is in the mountains of Nisatoyo to the west.
The figure of the mountain idiot was put on the desk in the torso, and it was like sitting alone today. These days, the young people at the rally couldn't be seen, and the old woman was deaf. Even though it's the voice of the study, it's still unpleasant on the table.
"That's it!"
The voice continued.
"Chi"
Parents stood by themselves. Although he was a dwarf and bony old man, he appeared at the front door with a terrible force.
"Ya"
There was a military commander who suddenly bowed down respectfully when he saw it. There is a platoon of soldiers in the distance behind.
"What is it?"
"Ha. I'm sorry for those who claim to be Adachi Gengo under the banner of Shirozaemon Nagasaki, the magistrate of Chihaya's attack."
"I've come here, Iwakiri Kanzaemon."
"Ha"
"What are you coming to?
"Received the main order"
"Hey"
"Mori Tokichi, you are your parents"
"It's different"
"e?"
"no, no"
"Then, to Oe Tokichi"
"Neither"
"Play"
"Really, look up at the eaves girder there. I'm Tounsai, I'm just a mountain family father named Tounkoji."
I see, on the wooden frame of the eaves
Vomiting cloud 《Tounkutsu》
The three letters are read.
However, Gengo Adachi has been threatened in advance by a colleague who was used here earlier and was driven away, saying that he was a rare caveman. I was ready to play with my face.
"But the old body must be the same as this house."
"Obviously, not a servant."
"That's fine. Master Nagasaki I got a chance to come and see what you mean. Can you talk to me on the spot?"
"Noisy, repeatedly"
I got stuck and retracted to the back. That's it. However, Tokichika seemed to be worried about the table, and he was cleaning up the books on the desk and the pictures of the mountains.
Auntie brought a list of gifts there and showed him. It is said that it was delivered to the kitchen by soldiers. There are many items that are not available during this war. After saying "Take it", Tokichika also said
"There is no way, only one person can pass here."
It was nice.
There may be some samurai who are trained like this, it should be a little difficult to stay in the study, but Gengo Adachi was sticky. Then he said while listening to the direction of the wind.
"How is it? My husband, Mr. Nagasaki, asked me earlier."
"Washi nikai"
"If so, I am eager to come to the team and ask for various opinions."
Toki parents turned away. It is a habit that old people who hate customers often show. But by all means
"I refuse"
Finally, I started to speak.
"Jitai, I think it's absurd to go to Nagasaki and give a lecture on military art. That's an expert in actual warfare. This is just a silverfish in a book. "
"No, with humility"
"Let's wait. There is no telling you to be humble."
"But, he succeeded to the family calligrapher of Oe no Masafusa, and he was able to study the mystery of Rikuto. There is no hiding in this region either. "
Gengo Adachi tried to tie up the old man's good luck with his mouth extremely. However, I haven't seen any reaction in the front of my parents.
"Oh, isn't it so famous?
"People say that they are the hermits of Kagata, so I'm sorry to say that, but I'd like to give one to the lord's request."
"When I went, Ichi Yamanaka | There is nothing to teach the old man" Roya "."
"But in the story of the villagers, Kusunoki Masasue also went to this place when he was a child, and his younger brother Masasue and the samurai in the neighborhood always gathered at the mountain lodge to give a lecture. "
"There was that, I thought it was a quiet person, and everyone came to me without a tea ceremony. Among them, it was a long time ago, but it was called Mikumari's Tamonmaru (a childhood name of Masanari). There was also a childhood nickname of Kan [# "Kan" and an emphasis mark]. He was a dull child who fell on the road at night and had one eye broken by the bamboo on the cliff. Now, when I hear that Chihaya's general is afflicting the Kanto soldiers, it feels like a world away. I was just surprised. "
"I wonder if Masanari has no kindness to his master and pupil."
"No. I haven't seen Masasue here for more than a dozen years. I've come here only during the season, but it's no different from the murderous bloody people and the many young Yamake warriors here."
"By itself?"
"Well, that's the place."
"Then, for what reason in Kamakura, even if you come to the side of the camp and give a secret plan, you will not be in agony. Today, Gengo Adachi, I came to the main mission. In this way, I would like to ask you to follow the courtesy of Sanko. "
"Hahahaha"
The parents had a throat roll and a roll.
"Zhuge Liang wouldn't have been such an old man. Besides, it would be too incompetent for Chihaya to fall while holding tens of thousands of soldiers. It ’s pretty flat to go to. ”
"By all means"
"Mu, let's go home"
"Hermit"
"What! That eye is"
"I'll ask you"
"Only threats"
"It's not a threat. I'll hang it on my waist sword. The old body is blurry as a hermit, but in fact, I use a swordsman to search for the movement of the side, and secretly Masanari Chihaya here. Maybe it's helping. You can't hide it, there's confirmation here. "
Probably because I saw the story as the last. Gengo Adachi has issued a trump card.
A few days ago.
One person was released from the Ikusa magistrate's camp and filed a complaint. It was Shinobu Gonzo.
From the interrogation of Gonzo, I also learned about Shinobu Okura. Gonzo escaped from Chihaya. He told me what he saw in the castle, and also talked about the relationship between Okura and the hermit.
However, from that point on,
"There is an unknown military scholar in the mountains of Kagata."
There are rumors that.
It was also known that the person was Masanari, a master of military art in the season, and before the war, young local warriors "Satomusha" and others often went in and out of the mountain lodge there.
"It is necessary to confirm the person once."
Ikusa Bugyo Nagasaki was not a detour and [# "Katsu" as an emphasis mark]. Perhaps he has the good wisdom to defeat Chihaya, and in some cases, he may praise him as a warrior. Anyway, I told my vassal, Kanzaemon Iwakiri, that I didn't care about the excuse.
However, the first messenger failed. He said that he wasn't a very friendly father, and he was told by Kanzaemon about his intuition. Then, Nagasaki also ended up with a bitter smile, and one day he was busy with his duties and forgot about it.
However, Gonzo's appeal revealed that there seems to be some kind of spirit between Chihaya and Kagata, so he again
"It's a strange hermit. No matter what, take me this time."
And, it was the reason why Adachi Gengo was used for the second time. ――Therefore, it goes without saying that Gengo was like a virgin at first, but since he had recovered, it was a fee to take him home even if he put a rope around his parents' neck.
"Hermit, are you afraid?"
 that's all. Gengo arranged the facts and decided.
"... If you can't make those claims, the hermit will be regarded as one of the enemies. Well, in any case, let's go along to the position. Come on."
"No, it's a word"
"What"
"It's the best!"
Tekoteko [# "Tekoteko" is an emphasis mark] wasn't the parent's child anymore. The strange aspect is that from the low nose to the lips, which has a shamoji face [# "shamoji face" as an emphasis mark], a retired person who does not know any compromise with anything. He praises the dust and ironic fine wrinkles and squeezes his face.
"Mu, by all means"
Gengo was trying to hold back, but his vocabulary was already emotional and intimidating.
"I'll tell the soldiers to pull me off. I didn't want the old man to have eyes."
"Wait a minute. If you have that kind of thought, why don't you think about it again?"
"There is no room for consideration"
"There is nothing that isn't there"
"Then do you say that it is mysterious?"
"No, if you want to meet me so much, Nagasaki himself, the magistrate of Ikusa, is probably the quickest to come here. Tell me to come to Nagasaki."
"Bad, stupid"
"What is it?"
"Take care of the word"
Adachi Gengo has a stubborn face, from the edge to the front soldier,
"People, pull out this old man and pull it on the back of the horse."
What happened?
A soldier with shoes came in. However, Tokichika just sat down with his old bones on the back of his cat and glanced at the amber-colored pupil.
"Unu, I'm still standing"
Gengo is on fire.
"I feel like I should show my old scholars to the world.
"Gengo, all the soldiers down, don't regret it later."
"What, white"
"Don't go crazy. I don't want to say it, but now I can't help it, I have to say it."
"Go to Nagasaki's camp and make a statement."
"I have no intention of begging for forgiveness. I am a superior blood relative to Lieutenant Shirozaemon Nagasaki."
"Does this guy pretend to be a madman?"
"If you hear it as a madman, you hear it as a madman. However, my late wife was the daughter of Yasutsuna, the elder brother of Takashi Nagasaki, who was the governor of Kamakura. The inner jurisdiction "Uchikanryo" is also a close relative of Enki. "
“…………”
"It's still dizzy with just that. Well, as a member of the Rokuhara Tandai, I'm still a member of the Rokuhara Tandai, an old bundle of letters such as Takashi and Yasutsuna that I exchanged when I was in the capital. It's here .... Take it home and show it to Nagasaki. You'll remember. "
Tokichika swirled a corner of the study and pulled out a bunch of old letters at Gengo's feet. Gengo was rushing to inspect the two and three, but he couldn't hide his annoying surprise. It was because I could see the name of his main line and the names of the heroic people of the Hojo clan.
"Well then"
Adachi Gengo returned to its original form once again in a state where it was out of control.
"Where are you from?"
"Sagami Aiko-gun Mori no Ide"
"And originally from the Hojo clan"
"Yes, I moved to Kyoto from one of the guardians, Echigo, and worked for Rokuhara for a while."
"Why is it so deep in the mountains of Kawachi?"
"This is the territory of my house. Not only that, I don't want to meet people anymore. It's been over 20 years ago. Enki's child, Lieutenant Shirozaemon, etc. don't know me. I don't have any sickness .... But I don't call it Mori Tokichi, but Oe Tokichi, the general of the side, Aso Dansho, Nikaido Dokan, etc. It's not like I'm going out from here .... Please tell me that you said so. "
There are things in the world that are impossible. Gengo was still looking at the old letters he had entrusted to him, but he seemed to be terrified. Change your attitude from extreme to extreme, expel soldiers early,
"Again"
I left the mountain lodge here as if I was just running away.
The back of the mountain cottage was a terraced field, and a considerable amount of cultivated land was open.
There are seven or eight Nagaya in Yamakage, which is located in the south. The family of the mountain samurai and the cow and horse huts, who are giving away the peasants of the flying territory on behalf of their parents, but at noon on the same day, a deaf woman from the mountain cottage above came here. hand,
"Mr. Jinnai, and that's it."
I was telling you.
Eventually, an old man dressed in a mountain, who seems to be a straightforward semi-agricultural and semi-samurai, climbs up the terraced fields of Aze [# "Aze" as an emphasis mark]. Then I entered the inner courtyard of the mountain cottage, where I saw an old man sitting alone while bonfire.
"Hermit. For your help."
I knelt in the distance.
"Oh, Jinnai .... By the way, can you bring all the old antique" Furuhogo "on the other side to this and burn it?"
"That"
"It's anti-old fire. There are quite a few 20-year-old nests."
Jinnai kept holding a mountain of anti-old that had appeared on the wet edge of the study many times with a certain life, and piled it up on the bonfire. There are also old letters and old pictorial books. Tokichika generously slammed under the fallen leaves with a stick.
The yellow smoke rises straight up.
Soon, white ash dust came down on their shoulders like snow, and the things on the ground became a quiet flame.
"Jinnai, living in a mountain house here has been a long time, but for my own convenience, I have to change my place of residence. So I will hand over the flight here to you along with the land ticket. You should cultivate and eat the mountain fields as before. "
"Yeah. And to the same person, where?"
"I'm thinking of going to the city, but it's a war, and if it's not a place to put myself, I'll hide in a temple in Rakuchu for the time being."
With that said, Tokichika also
"But it's hard to throw away the books of the military science of the Oe family. Because the military books are like my child. But I can't carry them around. Therefore, please keep it hidden in the cave with your hands until a certain time. "
It was nice.
"It's sudden."
Jinnai did not ask any more. Seeing the battlefields in the area around the area, they were thinking that the danger of the old man would never be known.
The next morning, Tokichika pulled a cow to Jinnai's son's turn, and put it on the back of the cow.
"The rest is fun"
I went down from the Kagata valley to the remote area. Will I not go home anymore, or will I go home again someday? Jinnai, who had seen him off, didn't understand.
It was the next day that Ikusa Bugyo Nagasaki's famous 《Myodai》 and Nagasaki Yozo chief were seen here. When they heard that there were no hermits, they had a big suspicion, searched for a house, and abducted Jinnai and pulled him up to the camp.
Then, due to the commotion and the mistake, Shinobu No Okura came back. Did Okura have such a thing as expected? I wasn't surprised at all. And soon he also disappeared from the mountain.
 on the other hand. --Mori Tokichi, who went down to the village to walk the cow on the back of the cow, was still in the middle of the Koya Kaido.
Since the Ishikawa Plain from the foot of Kongo was probably within the Kanto region, I thought it must be difficult to pass, so I took the trouble to avoid it to the west, but it was a boring detour. In almost any mountainous countryside, there is no place where military camps and hillbilly convoys are not on the road.
"Great little"
Parents were looking around the world on the back of a cow. Emergency turmoil everywhere seems to be a bitter smile for him.
To fall into one Chihaya.
Also, to capture only Otonomiya.
For him, this exaggerated mobilization and the dust of transportation seemed to look like a humorous dismay or a blunt. Seeing the moans of the seriously injured on the doors and cows carried backwards, his eyebrows did not show any compassion for them. Hitomi only had a critical reading of military scholars and a ridicule of the loser.
"Oh, hey"
Suddenly, I stopped the cow and Jinnai's son's masterpiece said to the back of the cow.
"Hermit, it's a soldier's tun. It seems that he's doing a traffic check at the Kido over there."
"You can be afraid"
"Are you there?"
"But it's a masterpiece"
"Hey"
"Be careful about the habit of calling him a hermit or a parent .... You can call him Tounsai, and you're right."
In the previous questions, he came to the doctor, Kusushi, at the sword. No one in any of the tuns has identified him as a doctor because of his appearance.
The road is looking through the village of Handa at the constriction of Sayama Noike. Even at that Kido, I passed through without difficulty with the same false name.
However, after a while, there is a warrior who flew in the air and chased after him. I quickly went around in front of the cow, looked straight at it, and then said:
"Where are you going, Mr. Kagata's old teacher?"
"Wrong"
Parents shook their faces.
"I call it Suiunsai"
"Seiunsai? That's the name of your study."
"Hahaha, it can't be helped if it was known so much."
"I have visited Yamai twice with my husband."
"What is your husband?"
"At Ishikawa"
"Oh, is it Sanjo no Tayu?"
"I'm in the vicinity. I'd love to call you. It's not Oisogi."
"No, I'm in a hurry."
"But, even if you take a rest"
"Do you want to do that?"
It is not good wisdom to run away too much. Toki parents immediately sort. He listened to the masterpiece, left the cow and him on the roadside, and followed the warrior alone.
Sansho Notayu Yoshitatsu is the father of Toyomaro Ishikawa. His child, Toyomaro, was one of the younger companions of Kusunoki Masasue and others, and was the crowner who was still present at the mountain lodge in Kagata before the war. ――When I went, Yoshitatsu was waiting in front of the camp gate, decorating a huge body with a flashy armor hitatare.
"Oh, I was confused by the old teacher in Kagata."
Sansho Notayu Yoshitatsu welcomed himself into the Jinmaku 《Tobari》
"Where are you going today because the mountain hermit is rare?"
I immediately showed my face.
"Even though it's a mountain ...", Tokichika turned his upper lip and thought that he would laugh, but instead of laughing, he was serious.
"Recently, the birds and beasts have disappeared. The creatures have become a mountain only for humans. By all means, I'm on the way to another mountain where there is no battle."
"Then, do you expect Chihaya's lone castle to not fall yet?"
"I don't know. Well, I don't know."
"Look from military science?"
"In military science, this is not the case. In conventional military science, Chihaya should have fallen into the wrong hands. It is not a theory or art. Something Chihaya is a bad thing."
"What is it?"
"I also wanted to know that, so I was holding back in Kagata, but I don't know when the war will end. I've escaped while my feet are bright, and I've been retreating ... hahahahahaha "
The listener, Yoshitatsu, often turned his belly on the floor so that he could treat his fertile body. And also the words.
"Why don't you stay at this temple for a night? I'd like to give you a rough meal while you're in the team."
"No, I have a request rather than that. I've been annoyed by Kido's question.-Isn't it okay to give me a bill of passage as a doctor" Kusushi "Seiunsai?"
"It's easy," he immediately swallowed, "--how far is the bill of passage?"
"The road is around, but I want to enter the city."
"I'm sorry, but instead, I'd like to give you a word, a bottomless opinion, for the sake of my worries."
"What are your worries?"
"Actually"
Yoshitatsu confessed away from his servants.
It was about his son, Toyomaro Ishikawa. Toyomaro, along with Kusunoki Masasue and others, practiced a comrade's vow, and turned against his parents' dragons, and quickly entered Chihaya Castle.
For this reason, the parent Yoshitatsu was regarded as a heretic by the generals of the side, and of course, the hearing of the Kamakura Shogunate was not good. He laments that it is the reason why even Ishikawa Castle, which is the base of the castle, has been removed and pulled to such a rear position.
Moreover, depending on whether Chihaya died or the long team of the side players collapsed, depending on how it was, you had to decide on your own measures. ――From the perspective of the hermit's military studies, the parents who were sick of opportunism and blind love for their children were worried about whether to raise the army to Miyakata or the Kamakura Shogunate. He was exposed and asked.
"... Come on?" At that time, the parents were in trouble to reply. "... I am not a god"
The number of soldiers on the side was mixed with such a molecule. Then, if you draw the answer, you can make some assumptions. But he was just trying to make a dignity with his face turned diagonally. I only had to be a god.
Tokichika was soon back on the back of a cow and became a member of the original highway.
"By all means, overnight"
And, he resigned to escape from the camp of Yoshitatsu Sansho Notayu.
Something was relieved,
"The best work, hurry up as much as possible"
I said there.
The turn was a bamboo whip, and occasionally hit the cow's butt.
The dragon has not yet melted into the head of the parents. After all it is a remote place. When you get down to a remote place, you'll meet a human-like person right away.
――The child is in Chihaya, and the parent himself is on the sidelines, and while he is in the midst of this turmoil, he is wondering, "Which one should I put my heart into?" This old soldier scholar must have had no choice but to run away, as he was asked to take the policy because of the general's annoyance.
However, somehow, his bad aftertaste was a look that couldn't be wiped off.
He knows the two "fu" crotch "again" warriors, their opportunism, and such a trend. The cause of my discomfort was myself.
"I'm not a god either."
That word that escaped.
What a nasty thing to say! Kagata's hermit parents have long been thought of in the mountains as the god of military art. And I was also studying military science and discussing time luck with the young samurai samurai who gathered under me in a state like a Shinsen. I was able to stay in the mountains for more than 20 years not because Kacho Fugetsu was interesting, but because I enjoyed studying such a situation and military science.
And again, it is a fact that I secretly thought this way. "--War! If a real war occurs, I can experiment with my military art. I can see the military art on the desk with my own eyes. In addition, he will be able to write a Japanese-style grandson "Sonshi" in the name of his parents. "
After all, the times have made the dream of this old scholar in the mountains happy. As his prophecies came to the forefront of the world, the lodge was increasingly filled with young worshipers, who looked at him as a god and worshiped him as a "master."
Yoshitatsu's child, Toyomaro Ishikawa, was one of the students at that time, along with Kusunoki Masasue and others. As soon as the fire broke out in Minamikawachi, he became a member of Akasaka and Chihaya, and it was natural that he was against his parents. In addition to that, all the young people who used to go to the mountain lodge in Kagata would have stayed in the lone castle Chihaya now. ――The "master" abandoned Kagata as an old nest, and the consequences of the war ran away saying, "I don't know if I'm not a god." However, it was also reasonable that he suddenly held a self-hatred.
"Saiunsai-sama"
The masterpiece approached the unfloating face.
"It's about time for Mozuno, a hundred tongues."
"Finally a shrike Torino?"
"Are you going to Sakai? Or"
When I said it, there was a person who called me in the back. Tokichika looked back as if he had said it again.
"Oh, it seems to be Okura"
The parents showed peace of mind in their concubine eyes.
The man who was catching up soon came near the back of the cow and
"Oh, be safe"
I wiped my sweat. It was Shinobu Oshi no Okura Daizo.
"Okura, I understand well."
"In the unlikely event that I go to the capital, I've been asking if it's this house or this temple someday."
"That day has come. I can't wait to bring my body to Nagasaki, the magistrate of Ikusa."
"There are various reports. Even if you take a rest somewhere."
"No, if you talk about secret words by the roadside, you will be suspicious of the soldiers on the road. Let's listen while walking.
Instead of the masterpiece, Okura walked and talked while holding a beef whip.
Most of them were in Chihaya's situation, such as Masanari, Masasue and below, the morale of the castle, the state of food, and the strategy.
"Hmm, can I still hold it? It's a miracle. I'm amazed. And have you been in Chihaya all the time?"
"I don't have that kind of time. I immediately became a messenger of Kusunoki, took off from Ura Kongo to Yamato, and worked to contact Otonomiya-sama's headquarters and Chihaya ... Hey, so it was successful. It seems that he was able to bring a considerable amount of troops from Ura Kongo to Chihaya. "
"It's a merit, well done. At the same time, did the palace join Chihaya from Ura Kongo?"
"No, there is no place in this Okura to grasp only the whereabouts of the palace. The party of the palace is in Yamato, and the Kusunoki group is struck from the back of Mt. Kongo, but the palace himself He said that he had already entered Mt. Kongo and was taking other measures. "
"To Eiyama?"
Parents moaned at the time.
On the battle map drawn on his chest by the bystander, it seems that the movement of Otonomiya is one of the most interesting things from his view of military science. ――If it is true that the palace did not try to enter Chihaya and entered Eiyama, the intention was to use the masses of Eiyama to directly ambush Rokuhara, and Rakuchu itself from the Kanto forces. Isn't it a sign that Miyakata is trying to take it under the military rule?
"Interesting"
As intrigued by the turmoil of 《Yuzen》 and the rise of military issues,
"Maybe in the capital, you can see it around your eyes. It's a palace-like way of thinking. As soon as the measure succeeds, you have to look at it a little. "
Tokichika suddenly seemed to have an unusual fever in his ashes-like old age.
"... Well, it looks like nightfall is near, Okura."
"Where are you going to be a roost tonight?"
"I think it's Shitennoji"
"Don't ask me."
"Why?"
"Sakai and Tennoji are in the Kanto region, and we can't inadvertently make a field inn. The safest thing is to go past the plains to Yodo."
"So that's it"
Make a face that you have come.
This old soldier scholar has the pride of seeing the world's turmoil on his palm, but when he comes down to the world, he is even at his feet. I couldn't help but find out. Even a single night's sleep is less than the cautiousness of Okura, who is bright in the world.
"Okura, leave it to me. All you have to do is enter the city. I don't care about the road."
"But where to go, where to go"
"Oe | Masafusa's 裔" is in Mibu. I think he's still there. Please send it there for the time being. "
The turn work was returned to Kagata on the way, and the two of them on the next day were on the Yodo embankment to the north.
I was going to go to Yodo to ask for a boat, but this was out of the scope of Okura, and although there were rice transport boats and small boats for police officers, I couldn't see just a Yodogawa boat.
"I don't know this either"
Parents muttered so, not losing. And I was rather satisfied with the sights from the back of the cow.
But the next day, he couldn't be such a bystander anymore. In the evening, the road hung on the edge of Yawata, but the sky around Mizu and Yamazaki on the opposite bank was bright red, and there was a lot of soldiers coming and going on the river surface, so I could go to Toba, which I had planned. Nor.
"What is it?"
The parents were pondering, hoping for red smoke in the distance. Then, Shinobu Okura, who had disappeared from the side of the cow, came back from somewhere.
"It seems that it is the Akamatsu group. It seems that Harima's Akamatsu Enshin is so enthusiastic that he is ready to retreat to Yamazaki and attack Rakuchu again after being hit by the Rokuhara army."
"Hmm. It's a big one."
"In the previous month, the Akamatsu group was the winner, and at one point they broke the line of Katsura River and Toji Temple, and were Omiya, Inokuma, Horikawa, Yukoji Ichimen, and the Sea of ​​Fire. It seems that the city has changed. "
"Did you ask Tare?"
"It's a rumor of somebody else. I haven't seen the city for a long time."
"But Akamatsu has been repulsed to Yamazaki, so I can't enter the city."
"And I can't go in any way, but let's stop the night road."
"Keep away from Ayauki. I never go on the night road. But is there a place to stay?"
"I've found a good bed. In this fishing hut. A woman with a child lived there, but she sent money to drive her away, so she has a fire and food. Are you sure? "
There.
In the hut that was laid by the bank, the water of the big river can be seen shining through the reeds.
The cows were tied together, and they sat down rather than in a hut where they could just put themselves in, and they fell asleep. But the night is too long. Not only Yamazaki, but Toba, Fushimi, and the sky here and there are also red. Okura bought sake from somewhere and
"How about one?"
I recommended it to my parents. He too had to drink by hand into the missing bowl. And it's like saying something. When my parents were bitter. I don't even touch the sake bowl.
"Teacher," Okura distorted his lips. This is evidence that he has become drunk. "I had always thought that it was a good idea to ask where I was hungry."
"What?"
"Is the teacher the Miyakata or the Shogunate?"
"Neither"
"Isn't it either way? Hmm? ..."
Okura thought about it, not just as if it was entwined with sake, but as if he was poking his neck into the agura.
"Then, I'll ask you one more, but hey teacher .... Why did you get off the mountain this time?"
"Okura"
"Oh, don't you like something?"
"Your life was saved by me. It was a promise that I would sip alcohol, take all my life, and give me my life."
"Did you mean that?"
"What is that state? Is it as promised?"
"Only for this night, let me know what you're saying now."
"I'll tell you all the time."
"Is that all? The general of the servant came to pick me up because I knew my real surname. If I was greeted by the camp of the servants, I would have to go to the Hojo clan because I was originally from the Hojo clan.
"Prosperity is awesome."
"I've always heard that, so I was completely confident that I was a great hermit and a great scholar."
"What are you dissatisfied with and say that tonight?"
"I'm sorry for the poppy. There's one thing I don't like about this storehouse. What do you think, you're very much worshiped by Kusunoki Masasue and the young samurai in that neighborhood. However, I was always asked to fight before the battle, and I went to the battle [# "Keshi" with an emphasis mark]. "
"Why, military science is military science, it's not about starting a war. This turmoil of the present generation was inevitable. It doesn't start when one parent starts."
"But, I don't think it's accepted by these people like that. Also, I don't know how to take the bloody and honest people. Let's take responsibility for the teacher."
"That's why I don't go to pick up the eagle. Even if I say I praise me as a warrior."
"You don't know that. If you're you, Okura will stand as a warrior. It's a samurai. If you're the Hojo clan, don't stand clearly for the clan. That's fine."
"Okura, sleep. Noisy."
"I'm sorry to say that you're living like this at the last minute of your life. Excuse me, but I wonder if you're a fake. I can't trust you a little."
"Koyatsu"
"Don't get angry, you're such an adult .... The only thing I'm dissatisfied with is why the teacher doesn't even stay in the mountains. You're a student. Is eating the roots of trees and wild mice in Chihaya. Is there a "master" who abandons them and runs away from the mountains? "
When it seemed that Okura's words were not on sake, Tokichika was really angry and sat down again.
"Kisama, is it true?"
"It's nature"
"Then you should be aware of everything."
"Is not it?"
"I have neither Miyakata nor Hojo, but I am only telling you that there is only military science."
"Mu, you've come"
"I don't know about the view of the times and the view of the universe, even if you're there. However, my desire was based on the military science book that happened to be inherited by the Oe family. , And the fact that it is in the process of compiling a first-class universe with the unique ingenuity of the parents. "
"I asked."
"Then why is it so terrible, only tonight, I'm crazy about it [#" Emphasis mark "?"
"I was originally a human being of Shinobi, born in Iga."
"What I did"
"I'm going to swing around learning soon, but it's not a world that can be divided only by learning. Let's talk about human beings."
"Is there still a monk?"
"I want to say"
"Let's go"
"When I got out, I couldn't learn this, so I couldn't say this haze skillfully, but I went loose and believed in Shinobu's morality."
"that is"
"In the case of Shinobi's companions, first of all, the two-pronged person is not seen as a human being. Other than the companions, the secret" Mitsuji "is protected for life. Everyone will look at the one who came to her for the sake of her wife. Don't be ashamed, shed tears, sneaky one, don't give back, and that's what you think of as a dog brute. "
"It's simple"
"But teacher. With that, I think I'm grateful for the help you helped me, and I'm confident that I've been working for you."
"I'm sure I had to spend a lot of money on it."
"Oh, I don't like it. I'm still free from Rokuhara. I'm blinded by such things. I was so grateful that I just bought you .... However, when I entered Chihaya's fortress twice or three times, I honestly reconsidered this one. In the season, the teacher is still respected, but as expected, Masanari Tamonbei I'm finally seeing you .... Not only that, but I was touched by the soldiers who were standing up in Chihaya. I can't help it. I've even wanted to throw this life under the Kikusui flag if it's kept by a strange hermit. "
"It's a pitiful guy"
"Which one is it?"
"There is a person who is foolish. I still have a habit of drinking. This is Okura, sleep overnight and think carefully. I'm crazy."
It is an old man. After all, my parents didn't get angry. I took a wooden pillow and fell asleep behind me.
I woke up. It seems to be morning. Hibari, a good voice, or the fog on the surface of the river slightly obstructs the color of the sun.
Someday, the appearance of Okura did not look like a hut.
Parents were mumbling something, but they gave up. Eventually, he stood up, went under the reeds of the river, rinsed his mouth, washed his face, and walked up to the cow that had been tied up.
Then, Okura, who was sitting behind the bank, stood quietly from the other side of the cow.
"Good morning teacher"
"What was it?"
"He, he, he"
"Kisama, you went away from that and slept outside."
"Actually, there was a woman I saw when I went to buy sake, so I promised that."
"I often had a sexual root that I wouldn't forget my promise. I poisoned the eagle. Do you remember?"
"Thank you, that"
Okura scratched his head in a face-to-face manner. Instead of scratching the horizontal bottle [# "emphasis mark" on the horizontal bottle] with your fingertips, hold your head in your arms.
"Let's cut something to the teacher [#" Emphasis mark "]."
"Kisama, you can't be alert.
"No, Sensei, here and there, I knew myself that I was strangely frustrated. After all, for a long time I was flying around the battlefield where the beasts were soaked, so the skin of a woman I haven't touched it for more than half a year. I brought it there, sniffed the village, and came with a bowl of sake on my hunger, so I'm not tired. "
"I'll tell you myself.
"Don't worry anymore. This morning, my head became softer. By the way, I told my last woman to bring breakfast, so I went to the hut again. come back"
Okura boiled water and showed the faithfulness of being in a mountain lodge.
I wonder if it was a saleswoman in this area, or a woman with an innocent appearance who rubbed the powder of rice cake on her face, handed something to Okura, and said it was okay. Instead of going home, while flirting with Okura, he prepares meals for his parents and prepares lunch boxes.
"I can't help it."
Okura, after doing some kind of money again, finally chased this merciless woman, and eventually, like yesterday, he put his parents on the back of a cow and put the bank of Yodo toward Kyoto. I was there.
"Don't meet the samurai today"
"Yes, a lot"
"Maybe they are restraining the Akamatsu group on the opposite bank. If the Akamatsu group goes to Kyo, Konata will cross the river and poke behind."
"Isn't there a battle over Katsura River or Shichijo? It's smoking black this morning."
"It's difficult, it's a lot. It's hard to get into Kyo."
"Let's get rid of it. If you go to Fukakusa even if it's far away"
"Well, there's no smoke in Yamatoguchi. Okura, I'm sure Kido will look it up, but don't forget to say" Kusushi "and" Tounsai "."
"There is no nuisance. And since you are also called Gero, who has medicine, the teacher should not inadvertently dismember the predecessor of Shiro [#" Emphasis mark "."
Rakuchu had already come to the nose, but from the time he passed Fukakusa, he met a soldier's camp and march, and if he could avoid it, he would go away.
Stop traffic
It was a ticket.
Finally, Tokichika and Okura arrived at Gokurakuji, the mouth of Yamatooji in Kyoto, the day after sleeping in Kichin-yado for another night. ――But on that day, Hoshoji Ichinohashi and Ninohashi seemed to be in full swing even when viewed from a distance. The two of them were afraid to take the road to the moon "Tsuki" and "Wa", and it seems to be a confusing idea to sew the mountain foot and go out to the bottom of Higashiyama.
"Don't go to Okura, Toribeno"
"Goodbye"
"What about this area?"
"It's called Rakshasa."
"Rakshasa"
"The name is creepy, but the look is good. Rakuchu is at a glance."
"Let's get off a little"
"Did the saddle butt" Kurajiri "hurt again?"
"For some reason, as I get older, the meat in my butt becomes thinner, and I can't help it."
While self-deprecating, the parents had already descended from the back of the cow.
The two sat down between the rock azaleas. For a while, I wander from the west Kyo to the east Kyo, and then to the Kamo River and the mountain waves of Tamba Zakai.
"I see, the face of the city is full of burns. The rumors that the Akamatsu group once attacked and Rokuhara didn't hit are more than rumors."
Okura tweeted. But when he was silent, he glanced at his parents' profile and he was silent.
I'm listening to it all the time--
On the day of the battle when the Akamatsu group broke through the Katsura River, fires broke out from dozens of places in Rokuhara, and the new emperor (Emperor Kogon)'s Miyai was also seen. The Dainagon of Gohorikawa, the Dainagon of Sanjo's Gen, the Dainagon of Washino Onaka, the Minister of Bojo, Saisho, and the rush of the moon lord Unkaku, all over the Lord. Put it on and move the black smoke to Rokuhara, followed by the temple, the pope, the eastern palace, Mikisaki, the wives, and Kajii's two-article prince, Jimyoin. All the people of the rule-have evacuated to Rokuhara as a rush. Therefore, in Rokuhara, the area from Kitatono to the first samurai family in the neighborhood was used to house it, and the current Imperial Palace remained there and returned to Dairi. It is in an invisible state even if it becomes a "kae".
"Okura"
"What"
"I don't really feel about Mibu, which I visit."
"Maybe it's burnt. No, even if the house remains, probably no one lives."
"Well, how are you?"
"For other hearts"
"If Mibu is not good, it's the temple of Saga."
"Anything in a temple," said Okura, standing up and suddenly looking around the nearby Amidagamine and Higashiyama. "There are many temples around here, and there are also temples that you are familiar with. Let's go to one of the places where you can relax for the time being and inquire about it."
I had been thinking about it for a while, but my parents were.
"Then, let's find it. If you can keep yourself, it's not limited to Mibu. It's not limited to Saga."
"I hope it's a temple."
"But, if possible, I would like to rent a room in a quiet temple without samurai."
"Don't worry," Okura said with a heartfelt face, "--It's a small temple, but Kazuhisa, who was close to Rokuhara before, should still be in Toribeno. Even if that doesn't work, there is no such thing as a few temples [# "emphasis mark"]. "
"Enjoy"
"Then, please wait here?"
"Waiting"
"It may take some time, but teacher, don't move here."
"Moving"
"If you get lost, you'll have a hard time finding it," said Okura, who swirled around the rocks around the cow's reins.
"Hey, I'm quietly waiting here until I come back, eating grass."
Then, I went down to the Sutasuta Tilezaka.
However, this was all I had to do, and I had to wait, but I couldn't come back.
Parents were gradually starting to get irritated [# "Ira" with an emphasis mark]. Sometimes the day before yesterday. I wonder if I'm addicted to alcohol or women. It seems that the guts are indispensable. Yesterday, today, I was so angry that I was so angry that I regretted the sake and showed it mysteriously.
Then, besides the plan.
Shinobu Okura seemed to be very hard, and eventually appeared towards Sakashita. And when he climbed up a little breathtakingly, he stood before his parents and said.
"Thank you for your patience. I found a good place for the teacher."
"warm"
"was"
"Difficulty, hardship"
Parents should get up and running quickly.
"What do you call the temple?"
"It's not a temple, though."
"Isn't it a temple? What kind of house is it?"
"It's Rokuhara"
"Which side of Rokuhara?"
"It's next to the inspection office of the agency. It's called Rokuhara Tandai. If that's the case, teacher, you can stay for years, and it's okay to be quiet."
"What, what?"
"Surprisingly, a great teacher of military science. The hermit of Kagata who was wielding a great scholarship.
"Kat", Tokichika put his hand on the sword and said, "Okura, did you go crazy?"
"You're the one who seems to be wrong. This is very sane, like this."
"Uh, uh, what are you thinking?"
"Isn't it a miscellaneous word? It's just like I spit it out on the liquor on the night of the dad and on the washing of the intestines. No, it's not on the liquor. This is the true intention of Shinobu Okura.-I'm going to return to Chihaya Castle at a glance. "
"Chi, to Chihaya"
"Oh! I'm going to Chihaya even if I eat the roots of a tree, as long as I serve a mysterious old man like me! I'm going to be a soldier of Chihaya. "
By all means, today's Okura doesn't feel like drinking. It's not turbulent. Moreover, the vocabulary is terrible than the day before yesterday.
Toki parents suddenly expressed their anger in the breath of their shoulders.
"Shirou"
It was glaring.
"Okay, your sudden change" Hyohen "may have been fooled by Masanari. Are you skillfully fascinated by Masanari and dream of your career?"
"Don't say it. Masanari, I don't say anything bad about you, I don't say it well. I haven't even noticed the departure of this Okura. From the general to the soldier's chopsticks, there is no one who is thinking about getting ahead. It's not a castle where you can stay with such an old woman. I wonder if you can't divide it in your studies. "
“…………”
"But I saw it. If humans really believe in each other and come together, it will become stronger and more beautiful. I reviewed humans. I want to do it. I don't know if it was the cause or effect of myself that went into Chihaya. "
"That's Masanari's magical power. The crawler stole my military science. Wake up, Okura."
"I'm sorry. I'm going back to Chihaya. You've decided on a nice place to settle down, so you go inside Rokuhara, and at best, tweezers and worm-eaten nose hair. It's good to blow the heat of the book or soba by yourself [# "Tweezers"]. "
"Don't you think?"
"Don't worry. Goodbye. You can't stay long."
"wait"
"Is it still for use?"
"Kisama, do you want to leave me here and run to Chihaya?"
"It's awkward. You were like a monkey that fell from a tree when you left the mountain. You didn't even look at your feet from a while ago. Look down the road, look at the foot of the mountain. You're already picked up. "
"What is it?"
"How kind I am. Actually, I went to the Rokuhara checkpoint, and when there was such a person here, I went to make a secret complaint. I will guide the Rokuhara soldiers to just below this. I'm coming. I'll call you.-Old man, it's too late to run away. "
Too much, I was just caught up in the suspicion, and my parents thought it was a lie. However, Okura went up to a higher place, looked down, and called out loudly. And once again, as soon as he sweared at his parents' heads, he ran away to the top.
"Shah. This outer road"
The parents were upset.
Okura's bad words weren't the only ones. In fact, dozens of soldiers came up from under their eyes without even finding a way. Toki parents raised their hair and screamed at it. As expected, the scolding and appearance of Gyosou showed Mori Tokichi's parents.
"Wait. I'll run away! I'll run away and catch Shinobu no Okura first. The crawler" Satsu "is the songwriter. The dog who sells Rokuhara and is alive. That Okura If you miss it, each * [# 2 character dot, 1-2-22] will be a failure. "
[# 3 indentation] Weak people [# "Weak people" is a middle heading]
It wasn't in winter. It's spring, and it's been around last month.
Occasionally, in the depths of Rakshasa, I left the Heike Biwa Kanade alone, and the scorched earth of the city, the storm of Chihaya Kongo, and the spring bran came. Some people seemed to know the color shift of the mountains.
Rakuto's 36 peaks are far south, and there are only mountain temples and old villas that are almost out of the ordinary, so I wonder if it's because they don't need to be ridiculous. The sound-repellent "Bachioto" is based on the line of "Biwako".
[# Indent two characters from here]
Large string "Taigen" Ha * [# "Mouth + Cao", 3rd level 1-15-16] "Sausau" Toshite Storm rain
Small ｜ String 《Gen》 Ha 《Setsetsu》 Toshite Private language
* [# "Mouth + Cao", 3rd level 1-15-16]
Large pearl "Taijiyu", small pearl, ball board "Giyokuban"
Maseki "Kankwan" Tal Warbler "Augo"
Flower bottom "Quatei" Slippery "Name" Rakani
Mystery "Iwetsu" Suru Izumiryuni "Senriu", under the ice "Hyouka"
[# End of indentation here]
In the meantime, all the things in the heavens and the earth were breathtaking, and it seemed that humble tears would be struck by the twinkling of a small life. ..
Even tonight, in the eaves of the high floor "Takayuka" overlooking the cliff, a small light can be seen through the blinds, and the room is slamming the Heike. There is a shadow of a lawyer.
The lawyer was blind.
The body is small and weak, but around the age of twenty-one or two.
“…………”
I have just finished playing one song, but it seems that I am very dissatisfied with it.
Tighten the axis, return it a little, and squeeze the neck to the scrutiny of Keiro, Mannen and Ito [# "Shirabe"). Suddenly, from one corner of the same room, the nun of the lawyer's mother was sitting on a small desk, just with a string.
"...?"
I was staring at that.
Eventually. The nun asked.
"Kakuichi, what's wrong?"
"Yes"
Stand the biwa on your lap.
"It's strange. This night."
"I don't think that's the case. I was listening here, but I wonder if it's because of my favorite" loyalty "city" Miyakoo "chi".
"No, it's true for moms, but it's not as usual for Kakuichi. It's not because of Biwa."
"Then, please take a look at the bullet again. My mother had been writing a letter to the monkey here from a while ago, but this time I will listen with that intention."
Kusshinni 《Soshinni》 puts a brush.
Nodding to the faint sound, Kakuichi once again rehashed the passage of the loyalty capital fall. And this time it was like Yoko, who was enthusiastic to his heart's content, but when he came to the point where he said, "Ripples and Miyako Shiga are rough, I wonder if they are mountain cherry blossoms." Just like hitting your tongue, slap the four strings with a plectrum.
"Oh, I can't do it!"
"Why, Kakuichi"
"Mom .... Isn't there any sign of someone?"
"No, everyone"
"Under the floor. Must be under this room where I am. There are humans."
"eh?"
Kusako Nun was bleeding.
――Is there a human being hidden under the floor here?
Just thinking about it, Kusashin-nun's skin became dry.
"No way"
However, this child's can [# "emphasis mark"] is sometimes surprisingly good. I'm already over 20 years old, but my mother still said, "This child is this child." Even now, when I reached out to the sky of the city, it hasn't changed at all.
"... Let's check it"
Eventually, Kakuichi gently pushed the knee birch to the side, so she was in a hurry.
"Oh, Kakuichi"
"But don't you care? It's creepy."
"So you shouldn't be injured. If you were a thief ..."
"If you're a thief, don't worry, just bring what you want. Mom, light a candle, and hold it in my hand."
"Because you are blind."
"It's useless to me, but I'll show the light so that those who are hiding under the floor don't get upset. Don't worry."
Kakuichi soon went out with a small candlelight in his hand and out of the bamboo blinds in the corridor.
Under the balustrade that was about to decay, there was the sound of the Hosoya River. Kakuichi's toes and fingers of one hand eventually touched Sugito.
Immediately, breaking the shimmer of the light underneath, something black rushed across the cliff and disappeared somewhere, with a rustling sound of even a living thing. It was.
"...? A, I ran away."
Kakuichi was relieved to stroke his face in the cold air of Shizan. Immediately behind, the nun was also approaching. The mother and child were listening to the palpitation of the palpitation.
Who was it?
If you think it ’s scary, there ’s something you wo n’t be able to stay. This is Rakshasa by name, and Toribeno, where many dead people are sleeping, is also nearby.
In the coming year, Takauji Ashikaga's group had lived in the old building "Furudachi" for a while, but it was a large number of warriors. Now I have only one mother and one child.
But Kakuichi liked this place. ――The mountain is quieter than the house of Hojo Nakatoki, which was the subject of Komatsutani until recently, and there are no warriors coming and going.
"How long do you want to stay"
That's about it.
This was also due to the invasion of Rakuchu by the Akamatsu group last month. ――After the new emperor, all of them were evacuated to Rokuhara, and it was necessary to open a tandai residence in the residences of the numerous people. -That's why the mother and child of Kusshin-nun were moved to another place, and it was also that the protection of the city was now in danger.
"Oh my god, Kakuichi"
"What's wrong with your mother?"
"Why. I can see the light of the torch again from the other side."
"Eh, head here."
"Oh, in large numbers"
Immediately after being suspicious, more than a dozen Rokuhara soldiers approached the bottom of the column, holding up the torch of their hand.
"Are you from this house?"
And who did what?
When Kusshin-nun replied, "Yes," the soldiers who were whispering something with each other again
"Then, is it the person who is the mother and child of the tandai priest, Kakeudo ...?"
It was a mess.
"Yes, I moved here from Komatsutani last month."
"That's it," said one of the soldiers, who was a little thankful.
"I was surprised, and I was sorry for the inconvenience."
"What happened? This night"
"Because I was hunting for a songwriter," Maymono, "by catching it near the twilight."
"Even a thief"
"No, I'm not a shinobi who had been released in Rokuhara before. That's why I'm so smart. I immediately rushed to the news that I saw it in the old building" Furudachi ". I'm sorry because I came. "
After talking so, the soldier's head looked into the underfloor of the stilt, shook the torch to you in the Hosoya River, and made a constant noise, and eventually looked up at the bamboo blinds of the high column. hand,
"Thank you for making a noise."
And awkward
"Also, if a suspicious man is wandering around this place, even tomorrow, I'm afraid, but could you let me run at the bottom" servant "and let me know a little about Tsukinowa's song"? To be on the safe side, the songwriter, "Maybe," must be a man with thirty-six and seven-eyed miscellaneous figures. "
I went away after a while.
The mother and child "Oyako" finally hung down the blinds in the room, did not appear in their voices, and there was no need to reply, so they were silently listening only to the footsteps that were leaving.
――Suddenly, the storm of Sayo has passed, but Kakuichi wasn't ready to pick up Biwa anymore.
"... Mom"
"What"
"Are you still writing the continuation of your letter?"
"It's over, finally"
"It took you a long time. Is it to Kamakura's aunt" Aunt "(Mr. Taka's mother, Kusshin-nun's sister)?"
"No"
"Then ... I understand."
"Look at it"
"Maybe you're in Mikawa's Isshikimura. Didn't you write to that person who says Fujiyasha?"
"That's right. You know, that's it."
"Because I received a long and long letter from Mr. Fujiyasha this spring, but if I couldn't write a reply, my mother would have been suffering on a daily basis."
"Yes. I finally wrote it tonight, but the letters are inconvenient."
"But love songs, etc. can be used by people who have any thoughts with just a few letters."
"Well, this child"
My mother's eyes were surprised.
"Someday you know love songs, etc. However, it seems that Mr. Fujiyasha's worries are not such beautiful and gentle worries."
"Trouble?"
Kakuichi bends his neck.
"... Did Mr. Fujiyasha appeal to his mother? In a long letter someday."
"Yes, before that person, as people know, Omi's Dengakuhime" .... So, the characters are childish and the spelling of the sentence "Fumi" is traceable. I wrote it with a lot of thought. There is no one else to confide. "
"What"
"That's it"
And, Kusshin-nun grazes a little difficult to say even to Kakuichi, a child who has no clue whatsoever.
"Anyway, it's such a sentence" Fumi ", so I have to guess from the back of the letters, but it seems that it was last spring."
"Last spring?"
"There was a time when Mr. Taka used this Rakshasa valley as an onjuku."
"Ah, at that time, Mr. Fujiyasha once came out of Isshiki Village to the capital with his child, Mr. Isayamaru. And in Komatsutani, where we are. I stayed there for a while. "
"However, I'm sorry, Mr. Taka has been rushing to Kamakura ... and that's what happened since then."
"Oh yeah, that was the day of Rakuchu Rakuchu, a big mess, because you were transferred to Oki. Fujiyasha's mother and child, Oyako, also returned to Mikawa. That said, I left Komatsutani's sweets. "
"That evening. When Shiraniyamaru-sama was alone in Toji and was crying because he was lost, a person who was a non-Kebiishi told Komatsutani that he and I, including Nakatoki-den. We were astonished, but at that time, Mr. Fujiyasha, the mother of Hahago, didn't know ... What was happening to us after that? It was too suspicious. "
"But I wonder if that person went back to Isshiki Village and lived with his child, Shichiyamaru-sama."
"That's right ... That's right, but it seems that the person's worries are still left with deep scratches [#" scratches "as an emphasis mark]."
"So what is it?"
"I didn't write it, clearly."
"If you don't write it, why don't you comfort it?"
"But as a woman, I don't know what happened to her at that time."
"Hey, do you understand?"
"For a pretty woman"
She just said that and suddenly shut up.
It was a long time ago, but I was in Ashikaga Nosho, and my sister's messenger went to Nitta Yoshisada in the neighboring country. I haven't even talked to Kakuichi about the fact that he ran away.
Fujiyasha's letter I didn't really write a man's name or a grudge against Sasaki Takauji, but if I say a woman's secret, a nun of mind and body, that's all. The nun's girlfriend also had some kind of compassion.
"And? ..." Kakuichi still asks. "What kind of reply did your mother write to Mr. Fujiyasha?"
"In any world, the path of a woman is fragile."
"That's what mom says about herself, right?"
"That's right. I have you, so no matter what the terrible days I meet, I never thought that it was all right .... The same thing to Mr. Fujiyasha. You can say that, because he is like an only child. "
"In addition, there is also a person named Mr. Taka."
"But due to various circumstances, Mr. Taka has not yet met his father and son with Mr. Shichiyamaru, and Mr. Fujiyasha is only a starfish."
“…………”
"So, if you're a woman, you can't help but worry about it. Besides, Mr. Fujiyasha himself has some uncertain circumstances, and even after returning to Isshiki Village last year, he has been suffering from it day and night. It seems that ... So, I just enjoyed the growth of Kazuko, and I hope that it was done with devotion, and the image of my Jizo Bodhisattva. I'm thinking of putting "Eizo" in the letter. "
"Do you have a picture of Jizo?"
"Yeah .... On the day we climbed to the capital, Kamakura's older sister Gimi (Mr. Taka's mother) drew a picture of the Jizo memorial service for the thousand days on the day when we went up to the capital. right"
"In that case, Mr. Fujiyasha also has it. He always carried the Jizo Bodhisattva amulet on his skin, saying that it was given by Mr. Taka."
"Then, does that person also have faith?"
"No, it's different from my mother. The amulet of Jizo Bodhisattva isn't held by faith in Fujiyasha. It's a man's love, and he's always wet with tears. Would you like to see it? "
She renewed her eyes on the words that Kakuichi made [# "Mase" aside]. Well, this child was a "Hitomi" who said that. Someday, over the age of 20, my child, who had become a manly smell, suddenly looked horrible and envious to the nun.
It was the coming day. She also saw the daily Hokkekyo, and then she was holding a desk with Kakuichi and was not reading the poetry for Kakuichi. The mountain wisteria on the cliff crawls out, showing the blinds of flowers from the prism of the column, and the bee, tired of its strong scent, occasionally threatens the desks of the mother and child.
"Kakuichi. Wait a minute."
She suddenly listened. Then stand up at the desk
"It's like the people of the last night are making noise again."
I went out to the corridor.
I can't see anything nearby. She opened Sugito at the end, went down the lower floors, went down the corridor, and went down several floors of the mountain building "Yamachi".
Then, there is a person who got into the eyes.
Straw shoes with a large sword [# Emphasis mark on "Waraji"] A man wearing a sword makes a defeat of the pre-plant "Senzai" and a fence "Gaki" [# Emphasis mark on "Tate"] As a result, he stood backwards. ――Who is it? ――It seems that the Rokuhara soldiers of the last night are approaching from the front or side of the man, using it as an escape.
"Don't make a mistake"
The man was roaring, but the Rokuhara soldiers who got involved were not ears.
"That"
They are completely convinced that there is no mistake. The man had already worked on his sword, but he still
"It's a mistake. I'm not the shinobi that they say, Daizo."
I kept saying.
Kusashin-nun, who came to the end of Konata's corridor, was surprised and once ran to the lower servant's servant, but he couldn't meet during such treatment. When you see it, forget about me.
"Don't worry. Please wait. That person is a person I know very well. He is a servant of Ashikaga."
This beautiful voice seemed to pierce the soldier's remorse sooner than the man's 100 words, and the soldier's head looked for the nun's face from a distance and said.
"Oh, last night's nun, Amaze?"
"Stop and be paid"
"Do you say you made a mistake?"
"It's wrong"
"Who is that person?"
Then, the man himself was named like this when he saw the flirting soldier.
"It doesn't matter what the disowned body is from Ashikaga, the name of the old lord.
"Isn't it different?
"There is no difference"
"But just in case. Let's wait."
Like a struck nail, the soldier's head did not break this arrangement. However, shortly afterwards, three or four releasers who came here testified that the man was not a large storehouse in a "face-to-face meeting". ――So, the head of the soldier, too, apologized for the rough "Sokotsu", as if it was evil.
"I'm sorry. It seems that the Shinobu Okura of this" is not near Hayako. It seems that we have also dismissed. No, I got caught up in the noise. "
As soon as possible, it scattered toward the foot of the mountain.
Eventually, Umasuke, who was sent to one room, deeply apologized.
"Kusashin-nun .... I'm grateful for the refills. First and foremost. To Kakuichi."
"I'm just trying to encourage Biwa, but why are you suddenly here?"
"For a long time, I became a Toseigusoku master, Yanagisai, and I hid in Rakuchu and worked as a sword for Naoyoshi (Taka's younger brother). 》 Because all of the tsutome have come together with your younger brother. "
"Would you like to go back to Kamakura?"
"No, I haven't been disowned from the surface. I'm going to Isshiki Village for the time being."
"To Mikawa?"
"Okay"
"That's ..." she breathed. Immediately I was thinking of a convenient flight to Fujiyasha, but I still put it away and said, "What happened inside Ashikaga-den?"
"No, not really"
Umasuke was a wind that reconsidered something while counteracting it.
"Let's get to know. The battle is only getting bigger. Therefore, Mr. Taka will not be left behind, or I feel like it will be a sudden realization. I have a request. "
When asked, Umasuke's request was to lend the back of this old building "Furudachi" overnight.
"It's easy"
Nun said.
Although it is said to be a disowned disownment, the nun knew little about the relationship between Umasuke and Taka, and the secret life of Umasuke. There was no reason to deny it.
Anyway, the appearance of Umasuke seemed abrupt to the nun, and I was wondering why I would use this old building "Furudachi", but it soon disappeared in the evening.
That night, there are seven or eight samurai who visited Rakshasa's Ichitei. In other words, it was to be a meeting place for secret talks.
Moreover, all the samurai were subordinates of the Awa pirate Iwamatsu Tsuneie, and among them, Iwamatsu, the younger brother of the Tsuneie, was also seen.
This auspicious sword once infiltrated the island of Okinoshima, helped escape from the Go-Daigo, and also had a slogan, "Rinji," and the sword of the tribal party, "Soke," Nitta Yoshisada. Those who have recommended some kind of plan.
When I think about it now.
It was this good luck that secretly pulled him out to his own territory | Ueno Kozuke no Kuni when Yoshisada Nitta, who had joined Chihaya's hand, touched "--for illness". It can be seen as a result of visiting the base.
Not only that, but Yoshiki still said that he had to meet Ashikaga-den (Mr. Taka) once, and urgently.
However, the two families of Ashikaga Nitta have been friends with the dog monkey "Kenen" that people have known for many years.
Even now, between the neighboring countries of the country, if one side despise "Nitta dragonfly [#" dragonfly "is an emphasis mark]", one side also responds with "Ashikaga | Scarecrow", and never both. It's not a scarecrow.
Therefore, it is not easy to get a secret interview with Ashikaga in such a feud, and even if we can meet you, it is clear that things will be unsuccessful. "... Isn't there any good idea for Isshikiden?" That was Kaname of the night's gathering and secret talk [# "Kaname" as an emphasis mark].
If the purpose of the secret meeting was this, I see, in Rakuchu today, such a gathering is rarely dangerous. ――It's no wonder that Umasuke chose this place.
And he may have given Kichiji what kind of suggestion and what kind of details he had measured, but at dawn, all the customers who attracted last night disappeared from Rakshasa. It was.
In the morning, even though I was blind, it was so beautiful that my heart got wet.
“…………”
In the morning, he was sitting by the column on the stilt and washing his ears by himself.
Everything was music. The sounds of the Hosoya River and the birds, the steps of the clouds, and the greenery of the trees are all visible and audible to him as a musical score.
"Kakuichi, did you come here?"
"Oh, which is the right horse?"
"Last night, it was a nuisance."
"No, nothing"
"No, I must have been afraid, but I'm leaving this morning."
"Are you going home?"
"Ha. To Mikawa"
"Mikawa should be Isshiki Village. Which is the hometown of the right horse?"
"Goodbye"
"My mother said that she would like to send a letter to Mr. Fujiyasha. Please wait here for a while. I am working as a morning maiden at the Mochibutsudo."
"That's just right. What I would say to Mr. Fujiyasha is the best souvenir."
"Which horse is right ...", Kakuichi rubbed the fingers of both hands on his knees, whilst squeezing.
"... I don't know, but does Mr. Fujiyasha always have any big troubles?"
"Sa"
Hatato, as if I was in trouble with a reply.
"Maybe there is. After all, I'm a woman, so I'm not sure about the future of Mr. Shiraniyamaru ..."
"You're a child of Mr. Takashi, right?"
"Ha"
"Why don't you live together?"
"It seems that there are various circumstances. One thing that should not be done is this turbulent world."
"If it's a turbulent world, at least those who are loved"
"No, that's it."
It was very painful to ask Umasuke to blame himself for each word of him. That is why. Then, I turned the story away.
"It's hard to do so in this war. And, for example, here's a residence, but there's no limit to when it's struck by a terrifying warrior storm."
"I'm hiding. I'm always talking to my mother, but my mother and I will never let go of this humor that we have now, no matter how shallow the street."
"I envy you."
Umasuke said from the belly. I said it compared to myself.
"I would be more envious of Mr. Fujiyasha, but his position is in the eyes of the turbulence and Fengyun, unlike the place where your mother and child were placed. However, neither the way of a woman nor the affection for a child can go outside the storm .... By the way, it seems that the quiet lid has an ominous premonition, but by any chance. If something unexpected happens here, don't worry, the Iwamatsu party who you saw last night will always come to your rescue. "
"Is something like that likely to happen in the near future?"
"No, not yet"
Puttsun, Umasuke suddenly closed his mouth.
However, the intuition of the blindness made me feel that the dark secret edge was ahead of the words of Umasuke. ――It wouldn't be a good idea to ask, and obviously I taught you. ――Kakuichi also shut up as if he was so good at it.
When the voice of the gentle morning service leaked from the distant Mochibutsu-do stopped, Kusshin-nun soon appeared here and entrusted the letter to Fujiyasha to Umasuke's hand.
"I'm sure I kept it."
And Umasuke put it on their skin and then
"Then, I'm happy. Let's meet again before summer."
Soon, I went down Rakshasa with a quick foot.
Umasuke hurried back to Shichijo ｜ Fish 《Uo》 no Shelves 《Tana》 for the time being.
Rakuchu's private houses are full of burn marks that are called "Akamatsu-yaki" by the Arakata army, and Tsuji, who is showing safe prosperity, is a market that is mostly a nest of saleswoman or a food procurement center for the military. Or else, it was just like a craftsman's town where Umasuke had a hideout.
The blacksmith, bowyer, and harness maker touched the black eaves, and there were dozens of arrow-shaped blacksmith's huts that lived in the smoke. And from beginning to end, the Rokuhara samurai came and urged those of various occupations and talked about idiots.
In the meantime, I was asked about the subtleties of the shogunate. --Various rumors about the escape of the Oki Islands of the late emperor spread earlier than anywhere else.
Also, there are rumors that the 4th Kamakura army will go up.
However, in the city, where is there room for such a general, even if it is temporary? No, now that all the lords and maidens under the new emperor are evacuated to the north of Rokuhara, they must be rushing after the Imperial Palace. Since the battle is already a battle all over Japan, was there anything in the city? It was the end of the craftsman's town that he said without knowing the recession.
In fact, if you look at the plight of Rokuhara, who has lost his sword while still having Chihaya Castle on one side and being struck by the Sanyo Expressway's throat [# "no throat"] on one side, right. Masuke also believed that the fourth increase in the Kwantung Army was undoubtedly. ――And here and there, the Ashikaga clan will be given an unwilling order to send troops. -And this is not only his guess, but if it is a reinforcement, the general is a clan of Nagoshiden, Sasaki Takauji, or Ashikaga Matataro Takashi. Well, I had already said the general criticism of Ashikaga.
"Time has come"
I thought, he felt that he wasn't enough for any number of bodies these days. ――A few days ago, I went to Shinomura in Tanba, met with the representative of the flying territory there and Myogen Hiketa, and had a private meeting on the coming day, and returned to the Uono shelf. As soon as I came, Shinomura's messenger came again to chase after me. That was that offer from Yoshinori Iwamatsu.
Finally today, I'm sorry for that too,
"I'm back"
And, I showed a little face to my hideout.
As usual, his minions had a work place for a small male household with seven or eight people. It goes without saying that, unlike Sumiyoshi's time, they were all confident people who were called from Isshiki Village, and they were always fulfilling his secret mission with the Toseigusoku master. Nor.
"Oh, go home"
When he was greeted by the cluttered workplace and sat down, Umasuke briefly told his minions who were present about the meeting of the last night, and he will soon stand in Isshiki Village, but at some point soon. When I saw it, they all quickly collapsed the household here and asked them to gather in Shinomura, Tamba, and they were not doing anything else. And
"First of all, this is also good here."
And Umasuke soon left the Uono shelf again, but he was still not standing in Kyo that day.
In the situation where even the imperial court was evacuated to Rokuhara, it is no wonder that all the general public left their homes and went to Yamano.
Therefore, Rakuchu is desolate, but the more you go to Rakuchu, the more you see the strange and strange scenery. ――Since the Tanba family is not dangerous from the Katsura River, you can see the evacuation huts in the mountains everywhere, north of Saga, and from Kinukasa, and the farmhouses are full of cohabitants, and some of them live in holes. There was also such a family.
Umasuke looked at such poor people as much as he could, and eventually turned around the nun Nagaya near Ninna-ji Temple. Originally, it was attached to the Nunji Temple of the Ichiin, where only the nuns and the widow lived, but now, regardless of such a style, men and women who are evacuated are crowded into the eaves of the relationship. Passing through one of the torn gates, while looking at the entrance of the small stand where you can see the back of the child's muddy feet,
"I'm sorry. Can anyone come?"
And, Umasuke was gently slipping into the back.
"Oh, this is"
The old priest, Rokei, who seems to be acquainted with him, soon touched him. However, after waiting a long time outside, she was passed through the living room of the woman in the back.
It was a person with a plump and fat forty 《Yosoji》. The shape of the clothes that have faded while holding the child is also worn out, but there is also a large-scale wind that seems to be an upstream lady. Then, about seven girls, "Mewarawa," entwined around their shoulders and obstructed the story of their mother and customers from the side.
Umasuke asked.
"Ashin" Kumawaka "How are you?"
In that word, it would be possible to know who the parents and children are here and their surnames. Hino's Chunagon | It is the widow of Suketomokyo.
Ashinmaru is the boy who went to Sado Island and returned without being able to meet his father, Suketomo.
"... That child isn't here anymore. As soon as I heard that the Oki Islands emperor Mikado gathered the soldiers of the flag based on Daisen in the Sanin region, he took over Kikuo. So, I went to Oyama together. "
It was a sad mother to say this. --The Hino family's territory is to the north of Kobata, but it has been confiscated. After all, Suketomo, a good man, was slashed on Sado Island because he was the ancestor of the debate, and he was a parent and child who had fallen down here with four of his orphans, "Forgetfulness." Moreover, even the lives of children were not at all safe.
Umasuke was visiting here in a funny way because of the relationship with Ashinmaru that he met in Sado. --Last year--When Mr. Taka returned from Rakshasa to Kamakura, he took care of Kouekyo, the beautiful young widow of Hino | Toshimoto, and brought him here. Secretly, she had also asked this house for herself.
"That's right. All of Ashin are 16 and 7 years old."
"After all, he's a lonely child, and he seems to have always talked about bloody things with a person named Kikuo who often visits Kouekyo-sama."
"It's not unreasonable. As for the blood of the boy who saw the unemployed death of his father Gimiyara Toshiki | Ason", etc .... And today, to Mr. Kouekyo? "
Suketomo's widow was to give cheeks to the cheeks of the child clinging to his back * [# "mouth + ears", 3rd level 1-14-94] << whisper >>.
"Is my aunt going home? Please go to the back house and see."
The girl 《Mewarawa》 went away to the garden immediately, but soon from the outside of the rim,
"Not in"
And, he was waving his young face "Osanagao".
"... But let's go home soon," said Suketomo's widow to Umasuke. "This morning, I was told that I was going to Sou" and "Oka", so I went out early. "
"Huh. What do you want for Futagaoka?"
"As you know, a strange person called Kenko Yoshida."
"Are you a Yoshidayama lawyer?"
"That's right. Since Mt. Yoshida has also become a base for Rokuhara soldiers, Iori has been moved to Futagaoka from recently .... What is Kouekyo-sama? He seems to be a close friend from now on, and he will show his face here as it is, and Mr. Kouekyo is also going back and forth with the song "Eisou" etc. "
When I heard this, Umasuke was rather relieved. All I needed to know was her safety.
However, some anxiety is bleeding. It's okay because Sasaki Takauji isn't in the city right now, but her beauty is noticeable. Besides, the world of evacuated life is the heart of the most people. A woman's going out is a mess if you have to be careful. ――I was waiting for Kouekyo to come home for a while, such as Yomoyama Banashi.
"No, you don't have to see me, you just need to know that you're safe. Please give me a favor when you come back. I hope you'll see me soon when you're in Joraku."
Soon after, he turned into a fast-paced traveler, rushing to the Omuro Michi.
His trip was regrettable, and soon he went from Nagoya and Okazaki on the Kaido to Hazu-gun, Kamikuishiki, and arrived at his hometown, Isshiki Village in Mikawa.
Needless to say, this region was a village where the Ashikaga clan's tribes had taken root as a landlord and pioneer for a long time. Kira, Imakawa, Nikki, Otogawa, and Nishio's parties are all that. In particular, the Isshiki Penal Department of the Isshiki Party was of particular importance.
Therefore, Shichiyamaru, who has been nurtured by these people in the form of a foster child in this town, is vulgar, even if it is the secret child of the lord Takashi. Even if it is a Dengaku woman, it must be a foster priest who should eventually become a foster family [# "seiji" side point].
The pearl of the hometown party
While offering love "Itsuku" stains and protection like that, it was already eleven.
However, it is in the wildness of a semi-agricultural and semi-samurai, and because it was of a terrible quality, as much as possible It had been raised in a flock of country children, Inakawappa. But last year, I didn't go out of the Isshiki family's gate at all. ――Only the head of the Isshiki family, Fujiyasha and Umasuke know this situation, and no one knows it. Of course, Fujiyasha has been a basket in the back of this house ever since.
"The village is always peaceful."
Immediately after taking off the straw, Umasuke went to the large furnace of his birthplace, Ro-no-ma. And I looked around the thick black pillars and the ceiling nostalgic.
I rarely go home, and when I rarely go home and see my old father's prison, it seemed like a habit to do this all the time.
"No, it's almost time for me to be peaceful."
The prison department was old with white eyebrows, but the body was extremely strong. Immediately put the right horse in your living room,
"How is it, what's above?"
And, it becomes a friend without water.
"If you wait, the sea route, various aspects, and finally the end of the shogunate have been revealed. Zuga? "
"Mu. In the name of his younger brother Naoyoshi, and in the magistrate of various things, Ko no Moronao is in charge of making various preparations in this area."
"Let's climb a lot of horses, food, weapons, etc. Ashikaga Nosho's armament is known. Okura's candy is even more prepared in shape."
"Well ... that's why all the Nagaya samurai are paid out every day from young people. I'm dressed as an answering machine."
I see, there wasn't a shadow of many young parties and miscellaneous people in this place surrounded by the windbreak of Kunugi and the stone-built soil. I can't even see Umasuke's older brother or nephew. Only the voices of the women in the kitchen and the sound of the birds were quiet.
For that reason, the secret talk between the father and son was rather slow. In particular, the prison department enthusiastically listened to the situation in the center. And nodded loudly.
"Well, then Rokuhara can't help but ask for more reinforcements. And there is no doubt that Mr. Taka's troops are dispatched. The shogunate has also selected an appointed general. Rokuhara "
"If so, whether the next general is Ashikaga-den or not, even in Kyo, it's an exclusive criticism. I also saw the Iwamatsu party member, Yakara, who I just mentioned."
"Then, Umasuke, do you feel like returning to the capital anymore?"
"Yes, I'm here, and I'll be waiting for you to go to the palace." Suddenly, while looking beyond the corridor over the garden,
"It seems that Mr. Fujiyasha doesn't know my return home yet."
"Mu. I haven't told you yet."
"I'd like to see him right away and worship Mr. Shiraniyamaru's safety."
"Oh, I don't mind seeing people last year, but I'd be happy if I could see you. I'd like to give you a gentle visit."
"Well"
Eventually, he left his old father and proceeded through the corridor alone. The boy's voice was immediately heard when he closed the door in the north and posted only the bamboo blinds in the south. However, it was a crappy voice that was terrifying, and I could hear it together with the sound of breaking the pieces of Sugoroku. Umasuke glanced at the end of Fujiyasha's 裳, but he refrained from doing so and kept it far away for a while.
Fujiyasha and Shichiyamaru were actually mothers and children, but maybe because Fujiyasha was still young and beautiful, they looked like older sisters and younger brothers.
In addition, all the Isshiki clan and other local parties also addressed Shichiyamaru.
Onsoji
Or,
Waka-kun
Although he was a prince, when he saw his mother, Fujiyasha, he had more or less the dislike of his predecessor, Dengakuhime, in his subconscious mind. And even Shizen Yamaru, my mother's girlfriend,
"Fujiyasha, Fujiyasha"
As it was, it was like calling it back.
Even with this one thing, the way of being in the same mother and child was different from that of the mother and child. In addition, Fujiyasha has a deep claw mark of a devil man called Honor. Even my child, behind her heart, was constantly blamed for being the mother of such a body, and it became a sneaky "beard" in the form, and even after being a nanny or a maid. I tended to be a samurai like this.
Therefore, Shiranya Maru, who became eleven without knowing anything, was selfish and was finally swaying the sexuality of a scary little tyrant. ――Because the body is so terrible, the surroundings were still harassed. ――I still don't like something, and it seems that the small hand suddenly turned over the Sugorokuban of the Makie lacquer work, and both the dice and the pieces were messed up. That was what I heard.
"Stupid, Fujiyasha's stupid"
Next, it ’s a good idea,
"Cunning" No! It's already stopped. Fujiyasha! Take this kind of thing over there. "
And, the foot of Shichiya Maru was still flirting with the Sugoroku piece. As a result, Umasuke was refrained from appearing, and for a while he had no choice but to stay in the distance of the corridor.
“…………”
Fujiyasha hadn't noticed anything about Umasuke yet. It was just Yoko who was full of heart. This little tyrant's tyrant was also cute and irresistible, but that and my mother's own negative eyes were sadly entwined. ――And even around the light blue bruise on the left eyelid that I made on the night when I left the witch of honor and went to the Takano River in Kyoto, tears sank. It was a profile that endured a bruises.
 ……But. Finally said.
"I'm sorry, youth"
"Do not know!"
"Don't say that .... let's start over."
"Do it alone! If you want to do it"
"Because playing Sugoroku isn't something you play alone.
"Why do you do something like doing it alone? Stupid."
"It was really stupid. Let's be careful now."
She turned around and reached out to pick up one of the pieces that flew to the edge. Then, as soon as he met Umasuke's eyelid, which had been in the distance from a while ago, his eyelids lost their tears and spilled pearls.
While doing that, Umasuke deliberately called out cheerfully. And I pushed my knees forward.
"Oh, the fun part of playing Sugoroku."
Fujiyasha also hurriedly wept and shook his seat.
"... Well, before I knew it, what was the right horse? ... I saw youth, right horse. Also, I wonder if there is an interesting city story."
"Young people are finally adults."
"--Right horse!", Shiraniyamaru said, "When did you come?"
"I'm just doing it. Yes, this time I'm in a hurry, so I don't have any souvenirs for youth."
"I do not need it"
Shiranya Maru stood up.
"Right horse! Fujiyasha is cunning. It's a souvenir from the last time, but I don't need Sugoroku anymore."
"Hahahaha. Youth is not defeated. You are a child of a military commander. That's fine, but you shouldn't be defeated and angry."
"Because Fujiyasha always tricks people. I wish I could just win."
"Let's catch this right horse in the evening. If you beat the right horse, youth will be great."
"I'm sure"
"Okay"
"Then what to bet"
"I bet anything"
"Okay. Fujiyasha isn't interesting. I'll let you know the right horse."
"Let's rub your arm and wait for the evening game."
"So what?"
"I have a little talk with Mr. Fujiyasha here. There is no interesting story about adults, even for young people."
"Yes, it's time for the bow. These days, the young parties don't look like Matoba at all, but I'll be practicing the bow by myself."
"Oh, that's a good thing to do. Umasuke will come to Matoba later. And let's take a look at one of your youthful practices."
"Come? I'm sure."
Shichiyamaru went into the room, untied the bow bag, and immediately went to the garden with a beautiful bow in one hand. And until the purple-dyed "Muragozo" small hakama "Kobakama" that runs toward the target place in the north garden is far away, the two adults here are deeply moved by the long days. I was looking at it.
"Fujiyasha-sama"
Umasuke returned to me.
"It's so cute, isn't it?
"Yes ...", Fujiyasha's hospitality was nothing but his mother, "I don't need to say .... But when that Kazuko cleared up, my father << Can I meet Tego? Will the day come when I can meet him? That's all I think is love. "
"No, it's not a distant day. The day is finally approaching.
"Well, can I really be happy?"
Fujiyasha was very happy. It is said that the day when the father and son meet is near. If that happens, Shichiyamaru will
Hidden child
It will not be. From that day on, I'm no longer a "woman in the sun." Even just thinking about it, Akebono comes into my body.
The long-cherished wish of her sad mother depended on that one. Originally, I was an uncultivated woman in Tarakumura, a wild woman, but somehow my child had to be the Ashikaga clan's son-otherwise, the world was unlucky. It's like an unfortunate child-it was all about. Also, in the township here, everyone around me said so, and as if it was the future dream of the hometown party, he was screaming for the prince of Shiraniyamaru.
"... Which horse is right? Please let me know a little more about it. Why do you know that the day is near?"
"Actually"
And, Umasuke was also overwhelmed by her seriousness, and she couldn't just comfort her.
"Almost, Joraku of the palace is likely to be realized."
"Are you going up?"
"Okay"
"when"
"No, the shogunate has not been appointed yet, but it is a leak from a certain place."
"But if it's a rumor, the same thing has been said many times in Kaito."
"Well, that's probably because there are various speculations about the eyes that look at the palace in the shogunate. However, in the recent situation, such hesitation cannot be forgiven. There is no doubt that the shogunate will come to an end, and on the same day, the palace will be able to take the army and climb the sea road here. "
"Can you drop in at this Isshiki village on the way?"
"No, even if you pass Mikawa Road, how about turning the road to Isshiki Village? I can't predict that, but in this neighborhood, we will add equipment such as horses and food, and Hazu << It should be >> In order to prepare for Raku on the street with allies of Shichigo, it seems that the stay of at least three days would be a good idea. "
"... Which horse is right!" "Then, it's a unique start, and at that time, Fujiyasha will fulfill your lifelong request."
"That's why I said that the time is near. Be sure to take the hand of you and youth and visit the palace's camp, and Umasuke will replace it with ten years of labor and life. Also, I would like to ask you to meet your father and son. "
"I will never forget your gratitude. Oh, I'm glad. But if it's going to happen, on top of that."
"What is it still?"
"Please tell me to the palace. Kazuko is already eleven. Moreover, for Mr. Father Taka, he is the first generation. 》 I would like to ask you to do it. "
"I see."-Umasuke was impressed. However, I had to listen to the opinions of the local parties who own the Shichiyamaru, and I was not confident that he would accept it.
"Oh yeah, I told you about it, without a humorous story."
Umasuke suddenly started to search for a place. And
"This is a letter from Kusshin-nun. It seems that you are deeply concerned about you."
And, I put it in front of Fujiyasha.
Fujiyasha didn't open it immediately. I wanted to see the mountains right away, nostalgic and how he solved my wrinkles, but the beautiful and too good nun's pseudonym "Kanabumi" With her power, she was always struggling to read and tasted a drowsy nun.
So, casually
"Sadame, I think the two of you are always in a hurry. Kakuichi also goes to the gate of Biwa's teacher every day."
"Why isn't that the case in the city these days? Both Mikado and the lord are making a fuss about evacuating to Rokuhara, and Kusshin-nun's mother and child are as if they were moved to Rakshasa. Because
"But when I think of them, I'm always jealous. It doesn't seem like I'm having any trouble. In contrast, Kazuko and I must have been born with a deep karma."
"No, I'm sure I'll be fine in the end. It's just the patience until the end of the war. It's not the kind patience, though."
There, Shichiyamaru came back again. Remove one skin of the kosode, hold a bow and from the garden,
"Fujiyasha"
With an excited voice,
"Look at Umasuke. Now, the messenger of Kamakura has arrived at the beach by Hayabune. And finally everyone is going to the battle. Everyone goes to the beach. I went out. I went to the old man's prison. "
"Well, really"
"It's true," he stepped on his crotch, and went to "--Matoba's companion, Chugen," leaving me alone. Right horse, go. Let's see
"Well, don't wait. If you're from the Okura (Kamakura residence) Soke, you'll see it here soon. You shouldn't be picked up. Young Gimi is the general here. "
"Right horse, I'm going to fight with everyone with a bow. I can't go because Fujiyasha is a woman."
At that time, the sound of shellfish was starting to ring toward the beach.
It seems that they are telling the gathering to the fields and houses of the hometown party. Already, the Ashikaga Party of Shichigo looked at the war clouds to the west and looked at the sky of Kamakura in the west.
"When will the order be?"
It was waiting for the dispatch. In particular, this region is also the granary of the Ashikaga family. It is also a place of financial resources that has been stocking armor and horses for the black sweat and money of the half-farming and half-samurai.
"For today"
It was a town that was found in both fields and fields, with a few vows.
――Soon, Fujiyasha and Umasuke were drawn by Shichiya Maru and climbed up to a small high place in Niwayama. And we looked at the ura not far away. --Atsumi Noumi was just blue, and Nagisa was drawing a white arc, and horses and people were swirling hot air. And in that, I saw that the messenger of the Soke who had just left the ship and the Isshiki Penal Department of the White Beard were exchanging gratitude for the interview.
[# 3 indentation] Nail << nail >> [# "Nail" is the middle heading]
The fourth convocation order of the Shogunate extended not only near Kamakura but also from Boso to Koshin in the distance. that too,
[# Indent two characters from here]
One by one ｜ Sampu 《Samp》 2 and Buzz, each, territory Yori same day, dispatch Seyo
[# End of indentation here]
With the urgent order, the 21 large and small names of the sect "Muneto" were hunted, and the total force gathered at the site was expected to exceed almost 20,000.
And the general of it was a large clan in the Hojo clan,
Nagoshi Owari Moritaka family
Being appointed, as a general general of the entanglement, not as a deputy general
Mr. Matataro Ashikaga
Was given.
Mr. Taka was not in his hometown of Ashikaga, and was in Kamakura for a long time after he pulled up Rakshasa in Kyoto last year. So his departure must stand from Kamakura. However, before even Mr. Taka was raised, the day-that day was the 26th of the end of March-Sasaki Irido Honor was the first to withdraw the mystery of Nikaido. I arrived on the way to the west.
At the Ashikaga mansion in Okura, everyone
"Hate?"
I doubted it.
This is because the name of Omi's Sasaki Takauji should not have been in the formation of the 21st clan that received this dispatch order.
Is there that too?
Speaking of honor, as everyone knows, it can be said that he is a favorite valet who is indispensable to anything near the time of high authority. For some reason, that honor leaves the samurai and conquers the site. Why did Takatoki get rid of it?
"It's impossible"
It was in the Ashikaga clan's house,
"No, it's not impossible. It's also possible."
And, the only ones who had a nodding face were the ones in the house [# "Kikesha" as an emphasis mark] and Ko no Moronao.
The shogunate was dead, but until midnight last night, Takashi was just a council with Naoyoshi, and Ashikaga wasn't moving with the gate tightly closed. It was home.
During that time, there was a renewed use from the shogunate, and the Ashikaga clan also sent his younger brother Naoyoshi to the shogunate.
"Mr. Takashi, because of illness these days"
I tried to explain it, but the second time I had no words to say,
"Let's have a grace for the past few days."
I'm asking.
However, at Yanagi, Ryuei is considered to be a false illness, and he is strongly dispatched on the same day, and he does not forgive the prolongation.
So, there is no choice but to accept it, and this morning Mr. Taka himself
"Push the illness"
I was inquiring about the authority, but it was after that.
When I heard that he was an honorable departure without hearing any announcement, and Naoyoshi was sung with a surprising feeling, Moronao appeared in the room and whispered his first-class dedication.
"No, if you are suspicious of your honor, please leave it to me.-The line of departure has just left the gate of Nikaido. I will catch it on the way and search for my stomach. "
Kamakura is only a military city these days. However, in the Hojo 9th generation, especially in the high ages of today, it was also a prefecture of mature culture.
The willow of Tohashi was old, and the inside of the four borders was like a Jodo Mandala of this world. Since February was a leap twice this year, the end of March is the usual climate of late April. Between the men and women in the town, the heat was already steaming, and there was also a woman in a sagging robe that smelled of sandalwood's Tang dynasty fan.
"Well, it's a sight to see."
Tsuji was crowded with spectators. The warriors' expedition and procession are the inhabitants of Kamakura who are just like people coming and going.
"Which is honor?"
When asked, it seems that it will be particularly intriguing. I think that the military uniform is by far the best.
The position of Sasaki Takauji was not so many soldiers. Most of them are in Omi Ibuki no Kunimoto. It was a small group of less than 200. However, from the Yashiki of Nikaido, following the sound of the shellfish, I was conscious of the town and the town, and I was quietly flowing. As expected, the outfit was excellent.
The honor on horseback was wearing a yellow 縅 《Odori》 armor and a Jinkasa with the 4th ｜ Yui crest. He seems to dislike the large helmet of the hoe-shaped [# "emphasis mark"] and the large helmet of [# "emphasis mark"], so he decided to use the hunting hat "Karigasa" that he had devised. I used something similar on this day as well. People call it,
Honorable hat
I went there.
The flag holder is yellow and white. Hatamoto's twelve people, the soldier's hat, and the ashigaru kyahan of the cargo were generally yellow and white dharani [# "dharani" as an emphasis mark]. "Preparing for Yamabuki" and "Ichi Yamabuki | Ki" are the characteristics that have made people stand out even in the city.
"stop"
In front of the Otorii in Tsurugaoka, he was stagnant for a while.
The appearance of honor seemed small as he disembarked there and proceeded into the forest. I'm sure I'll pray in front of the company. It was a very mysterious general.
Furthermore, he disembarked in front of the royal residence of Wakamiya Oji and bowed respectfully toward the pier "Sajiki" in Yanagi. This is not limited to him, and the generals of the expedition always go this way. Therefore, even at high times when the military parade was given from the pier, according to the case, only the captain was put in the house and given a sword and sake, but Chihaya Kongo's hurry, such an old style was also abbreviated. The honor was also imitated, and I immediately stood up only with the courtesy of the outer gate "Gemon". And when I think that the barrier between Omachiguchi, Inamuragasaki, Kinwashizaka, and the prefecture was also far behind, I waved my hand to Konata with the beautiful river breaking the sand dunes behind me. There was a man.
"Who is that?"
Suspicious of honor,
"Have you never seen it?"
And the flag owners also squinted their eyes.
However, as he proceeded with Komanami as it was, he said in a tone that surprised him first.
"Oh, that's a shirt!"
The left and right men were still awful.
"Do you know?"
"Did you know? A man named Kono Moronao, the national elder of the Ashikaga clan .... What is that teacher Kono Moronao?"
Moronao, who was waiting for him here ahead of time, as soon as the line approached,
"I'm afraid, but stay for a while."
And, I knelt in front of the horse of honor and made a heartfelt resignation.
"What is it?"
The sky was intentionally blurred, and the honor was.
"It's not the way of traveling. It's the way to go. Don't be kicked by Hatamoto."
"Don't you forget, my name is Kono Moronao, a member of Ashikaga-den."
"That baboon?"
"Ha. With that vassal."
"For what on the way"
"It was this morning that I heard that you were sent, so please do not miss it."
"What is it?"
"To congratulate you on your departure"
"Celebration?"
"And I have to say a deep apology once."
"Do you remember that?"
"I'm very sorry to say that it was about 100 days ago, the year-end holidays, left-sama, left-sama, and the end of the year."
"I often put this honor on my eyes."
"After that, I don't have any memory at all. The people of the White Dragon's house and the Shirabyoshi" told me the story at a later date, and I was just sick. To date, I haven't had a hard time wondering how I apologized for my rudeness. "
"It's ridiculous. Can you hear such a drunken ass wipe at the time of this departure?"
"I know, but each of the warriors goes back and forth on the battlefield one after another. I don't want to leave any regrets."
"Apologize without permission. Also, the Ashikaga clan will be out tomorrow, no matter what. I don't know which one I'm going to celebrate."
"No. The only one who came to this was Kono Moronao. What the hell, the rudeness of the passing days was washed away in the water, and Kono Moronao was all about his heart. I'm hoping for a drink at the moment. "
In stickiness, honor was far from his ratio. Mr. Moronao's master, Mr. Takauji, has a terrible honor, but he is not like that. He has been swallowing him since the first meeting sometime.
Moronao suddenly turned to Nagisa on the beach. And he called out loud.
"Hey, what are you doing? Good morning, good morning."
From a while ago, there was a houseboat around the cherry blossom viewing curtain on the beach, but with a voice, women spilled out as if they had opened the lid of the bird cage. Kamakura's first-class shirabyoshi. Xi Shi, Kokannon, Odamaki, Hakone, Gavel, Shishimaru, etc. are all unfamiliar with honor. By the way, the white dragon of the Shirabyoshi teahouse was a gangster who knew the gangster's honor to the back of the back. She must have come to this from the sea, being enthusiastic about her teacher. It seemed that the general of this oil powder army "Shifungun" did not have any honor.
――Soon, the march's subordinates were ordered to rest around the dunes, and before they knew it, they were in the houseboat.
Kachiguri, Konbu, and Oshiki were full of happy things.
They are accustomed to the farewell of the warlords who are on the verge of conquest.
――Even so, they say. There is no way for us to stand silently. Do you want to do that? Let's celebrate our departure. All the people who conquered without our Senninbari are dead in Chihaya and Mt. Kongo. --When. 囀 "Tweet".
"Well, please wait"
Honor was upset by the exchange.
"Well, wait. How did you know, you guys?"
"The road is a snake."
"I was taught directly by my teacher."
"I am grateful to you. Mr. Moronao."
"It's a playful guy"
"Which one is the broom, Kami-sama. If we didn't know, we would have been going out as it was. Well, I hate it."
The honor was closed. As expected, the soldiers are also worried. All the women's cups were dried from one end, and the Nishiki purse "Kinchaku" was thrown as a gold-plated celebration inside.
"I'll see you again when I'm happy to make a triumphant return. Don't flirt too much while I'm away."
While playing, I finally shook off and stood out of the women.
Then Moronao said outside the ship.
"White dragon. Why don't you farewell to so many people over there? Celebrate even one dedication as soon as possible."
"Yes, yes. I'm home."
Hakuryu was holding down the liquor tub of Ni | Ka, with the help of Funao. Then he took all the women and recommended sake to the general who was resting on the banks of the dunes. Some were drinking a cassotte, others were pottery, and there was an instant lively warrior's voice and laughter.
In the meantime, Moronao was skillfully grasping it. ――It's a rush of honor. ――The honor was revealed from the cherry blossom viewing curtain of the houseboat, but when he saw Moronao kneeling on the beach of Nagisa, he also sat down on the boat.
"Kou no Moronao"
"Ha"
"It's boring and fashionable. Is this a celebration of your honor?"
"I'm wondering if it's going to be a little fun."
"Tell a lie. You want to know my belly. I came to search with women. I know."
"As expected, you know ...", Moronao didn't feel bad, and he broke his irreverent body a little.
"That's exactly right. I came to ask you why you were so foolish because of your husband.-The name of the Sasaki family is in the book of the departure that received a big life this time. I haven't seen it. However, what is the first dispatch? "
"That's it. It doesn't look like a stance, and I'll tell you about the owner's house with a fee that seems to be what you think."
"Huh. Negawakuba"
"My destination is not the battlefield. Anyway, there are some suspicious and unscrupulous people on my side, so I am inspecting them. Then, set up a strong position at Omi's key point, and go west to watch over those suspicious things. All right ... "
One | It was a way of saying that I hit a nail. And the eyes that enjoy the reaction of the other party, together with the mole in the face of honor, simmer.
However, it is also the one of the teacher. He is seriously defending his low profile, but his words are somehow out of the ordinary.
"Hah, that is, it's the" back-eye "of the three armies. Isn't the two-pronged general, Hyo, going up to the black table and sending a private report to Kamakura? "
"It's a rare role, this guy. But if it's the decree of Takatoki, it's definitely not."
"No, it's pretty good. It's a big place to look. Probably your dedication and people should see it."
"Silly things", the honor is a little eye corner [# "eye corner" is a side point] "There is also a mandokoro in Yanagi, there are also appraisers. One honor recommendation etc. It does not depend on
"It may be goodbye, but the person at the moment is also described as Omi-den. Mr. Takato, the master, also said goodbye. Seen from the eyes ... "
Moronao smiled here. The hairy wooden statue crab had white teeth that looked like a glimpse of the back of the belly. Unexpectedly, he is ticking the key points of the other party. One day at Hakuryu's house, he's on sake, but he's even said it. -It means that the Ashikaga clan is not blind either. ――And, on the one hand, who will teach the two hearts of the honor itself to the high times as the basis weight of this? It must have been what I wanted to do.
“…………”
The two eyes fought.
It was undeniable that the honor had some recollections and cautions. Even so, he has been playing with the words of hitting a nail by taking the high-pressure first move, so it seems that Moronao also hit back one for his master's house. ――But Kono Moronao never raised his head any further.
"Well, no matter where you are, I'm sorry for the sunny run, Daikei. I'll go back and tell Naoyoshi in detail."
"Is it your brother? What did you send to this?"
"For whatever reason, when I was away this morning, I heard that Sasaki was out of the field, and I was surprised by the unexpected rumors."
"Did you get upset? Haha, if you had a false illness, that would be it."
"Well, I don't care about fiction. It was our vassals who were eagerly asking for their own weight. You are coming. "
"Of course .... No, I can't see you on Omi Road, my territory, on the way to the west. Tell me "
It's a clearly challenging proboscis. Include [# Emphasis mark on "Fukumu"] There are many places. As soon as I said it, I pulled out a group of Yamabuki who had been waiting for my honor so that I wouldn't even be in the corner of my eyes when I was a teacher. However, even with such an honor, he turned around from the horse to the white hands of the women who climbed up the dunes and saw off, opened the gold fan, and gradually moved away to the west while responding well to the fluttering amiability.
[# 3 indentation] Difficult problem [# "Difficult problem" is a middle heading]
Yanagi, the waiting room facing the Ishino garden in the Imperial Palace
During the stone 澗 《Sekkan》
It is called.
It was a room suitable for summer, which is far from the cold and sunny areas of Kita Bisashi. Sagami Irido 《Sagami Nyudo》 (at high time) When you are called to this place, you usually have to wait for a long time, and it is often the case that your success is not good. In between
"The stone room is the cage room."
It was also a place that was said to be.
It's almost time for two more times.
Mr. Taka left the official Daimon Eboshi hat on his own.
However, he is not bored.
I was talking to Ishinoba.
In addition to the white sand stones, it is a garden that does not have one tree and one grass. At the beginning, I thought, "I see, the idea of ​​this garden is to see the stones." There is a stone that does not go to the garden.
By the way, there was no famous stone that seems to be a famous stone. All of them are stubborn stones or crap stones that are crouched. Even though he doesn't have a deep appreciation for stones, he can't help but get tired of seeing nature.
Then, what is this garden trying to show?
I heard that there was a big debate with the gardener about such a ridiculous garden because there was a great priest of Engakuji in the garden. And when I was waiting for the approval of the authority to decide which one to take, it was a high time when I liked strange things, so it was picked up as "the strange garden is also interesting". It was said that it was a thing.
Is it a strange, just that much garden?
Mr. Taka finally found it. No, I could immediately nod with the eyes of his Zen master, Kazuhisa Soseki.
Sky 《Kuu》
This garden was advocating it.
There must be nothing to see, which is a deep figure of the gardener to make people's hearts face the sky. I realized that. In other words, this garden is blank. It is a blank garden that is left to the viewer's drawing.
Mr. Taka was forgotten that his knees were cold. In the meantime, I moved a quiet sword. This is because when I crossed the far bridge corridor, I suddenly heard muddy footsteps. In the glittering group of vassals, I could see the appearance of high times and soon disappeared into the inner shrine.
"Ashikaga"
Finally, there was a voice behind me. It was one of the aides at high time, Daio Sakurada, "Sakurada Jibu no Tayu".
"Come on, to the audience"
"Intermediary, I'm afraid"
"You are the one who is ill"
"It's not important to heal. What did you do now, from the front to the back?"
"I went out to Sasaki and was given to see off Sasaki Takauji's departure. Sasaki-den also worshiped the sudden rush."
"Huh. Did you stand up?"
It was Mr. Taka's tweet, which was almost expressionless.
When you hit the glossy straight corridor, you will reach the floor of Okudenn from there. On the tsubo on the border between the left and right, we could see the guards of the armor. The place where there was a high time is now in the form of the Kamakura Imperial Headquarters.
"Ashikaga?"
"Huh"
Mr. Taka prostrated under the table.
During the audience, there was a lonely face. Nagasaki ｜ Enki, Kanazawa ｜ Daio 《Tayu》 Muneaki 《Soken》, Sasuke 《Sakai》 ノ Former boss 《Zenji》 Munenao 《Munena》, Komachi's affairs 《Nakatsukasa》, Akita 《 Akita Castle, Nosuke, Echigo Mamoru, Uji, Uji, Kami, Shigetoki, Sagami, Takamoto "To", Karita Shikibu "Katashikibu", Musashi's Sakon Shogen ", etc.
The person in the middle is the pedestal.
It was Mr. Taka who saw him for the first time in a long time, and Mr. Taka was also a lonely place here. The man lost his father and lived in the conquest over the spring of last year, and the illness of his return was to this day, withdrawing from his illness.
However.
The face was worse at high times than at Takato's blood color, which he called during the illness. Even though it's white, it's konjac-colored and dull, and the kana-tsubo manako under the forehead doesn't have the same play as it used to, and it's because of lack of sleep. Instead of "fire", level 3 1-87-61], with an eerie gaze, he was licking and licking Taka.
And, at all,
"Kora"
The people were chilled because there was a big cry.
"Mr. Taka, what's wrong, despite the repeated use of" Mi "!"
"That's why I pushed it out today. Everyone in the house is worried about my illness, but it's not even when I'm looking back at the world."
"What's wrong? When I hit it like this, I couldn't see anything."
"No, I forget about it, but I'm sick of a strange illness that makes my left half of my body wilt and numb."
"Is it malaria?"
"Maybe goodbye. I say the doctor doesn't know. I say that the shaman who gave me a spell [# aside from" spell "] is probably a haunting dog god."
"Inugami's"
"If so, it's far away, the tooth-shaped bruise bitten by the dog still doesn't disappear on the left wrist. It's scary."
"Inugami is the guardian deity of this high time. He always haunts the one who was disloyal at high time. Mr. Taka, I can't think of anything."
"Ha"
"That's right! No, it may not have been a false illness. Ashikaga's hikikomori was a false illness, and I used to say that there."
The left and right aides suddenly caused a wave from face to face. A clear upset came out. Mr. Taka, however
"It's a place of unfairness."
I just said. I was lying prostrate. And when he was at the end of the world, he apologized for this delay, immediately accepted the decree, took the buke's deeds, and rinsed the stigma of the years, and gave the main service of today.
"... Umu. Umu .... Umu"
When I was in high school, I listened to it all the time. And hey, when I finish listening, it's new.
"Well done. That's why Akahashi's son-in-law, Muko, and Matataro Takashi. I tell you. I'm sure I'll be out tomorrow."
"I'm sorry for your heart."
"But there are conditions, Mr. Taka"
It was a high time. The rest seems to be trying to get to Nagasaki Enki. However, the old Enki was sick. The same applies to Norisada Tokiwa and Daio Kanazawa. There was only a high-time eye in the tense space.
"What are the conditions?"
Finally, Mr. Taka said.
It was the lowest in the figure that made me come to myself with no bad feelings,
"What should I do?"
I asked him for a while.
At high times, I was wondering if I would hand it over to myself, and I was wondering about the honor of the lawyer.
"Ashikaga, but nothing else"
"Ha"
"It's a matter of your wife and children. It's about Toko and the children."
"Huh"
"Is there two children?"
"Goodbye"
"How many, how many?"
"There are seven-year-old illegitimate Takewaka and four-year-old Miko | Senjuou."
"Other"
“…………”
Mr. Taka waited for a while,
"I'm sorry"
I answered clearly.
Then, at high times, I gave my white teeth a laugh that I couldn't bite into. All the daimyo aides were struck by the tense icy air, which could not be heard as his laughter of the king. Somewhere in the attic of Audience, it was thought that a strange youkai thing suddenly made a strange voice.
"Hey, Mr. Taka"
However, the condition at high times has changed drastically.
"Isn't there a dog or cat who has forgotten the child he gave birth to? ... I've heard from honor that there must be another boy."
"Oh no"
"Isn't it?"
"Makoto, there is a case where I say" Isayamaru ", which is the same as this year's eleventh."
"It's Mii!"
And on the face.
"In chronological order, isn't it the eldest son?"
"But I'm sorry for the inconvenience, and I don't even put it in my house."
"Where is that secret child?"
Mr. Taka felt sweat like oil crawling on cold skin. What did that honor have heard in high school? Unburnable, angry.
"Actually, I knew that I didn't have to hurt my ears, but that one child was a sick person while he was born, and he wasn't afraid of being a child of Bukemon. I'm still afraid, and I don't even name my father and son.
"n/a"
At high times, distract both ears like that rabbit.
"Well, that's why we can see that there are only three children. That's where Ashikaga is."
"Huh"
"If Ashikaga goes out this time, there is a high rumor that he must go out with all his wives and children. This is not a strange story. I'll tell you clearly about that. I don't have such selfishness. The four wives and children there will keep this high time until the day of the triumphal return. "
Immediate departure.
The wife and child should be left behind.
In other words, what Takatoki wants is a hostage.
No, this is probably the bottom line of some people in the Shogunate who made the authority of high times. I know, Taka nods with his belly. It is today's visit before preparation.
Actually, the departure was supposed to have come down to the Ashikaga clan without waiting for today.
The reason why it came to this day without that is because there was a voice in a part of the shogunate who even said that Mr. Taka was dangerous and "it is like throwing a tiger into the field". .. Nor would it have anything to do with Taka's withdrawal.
However, the shogunate is now in the army after the army, and when it comes to the qualified person to be the fourth general, it has become a shame. However, the defense of Kamakura Prefectural Government cannot be done too thinly, and the bottom of the cauldron is also approaching. So, unavoidably here,
Appointment of Ashikaga
However, at the same time, even if I saw the preparations such as Sasaki Takauji, preparing for the back of Omi, and appointing the rear view of the general army, how a part of the shogunate sent Mr. Taka to the battlefield. You can see if you were careful about releasing it.
"Do you have any objection, Mr. Taka?"
Being reminded at high school, Mr. Taka suddenly noticed the emptiness that he had not answered yet.
"Let me tell you, I'm clumsy."
"Good"
"Okay"
"Then, before going out, Toko should go to Akahashi, his parents' house. And should the two children go to Okura?"
"Ha"
"I was still there. Let's put together the top Shichiya Maru and this in Kamakura. That's right. I will send three or four samurai vassals of" Mi "to Mikawa Isshiki Village. That may be in the middle of Kamikuishiki. . Give me the body of Shiranya Maru to the messenger at high times. "
"I understand."
"Okay, that's the first condition, but it's still there."
"Still something"
"Issue a vow"
At high times, he made a loud voice.
"Send it to my ancestral mausoleum, Mr. Hojo, because I made a vow of Kumano Ushio, who said that I wouldn't hold my heart and don't serve him."
This is not something that can be said to be unpleasant. But it's an insult. This is because it is not the practice of all the generals of the expedition. Whether Mr. Taka is indignant. All the daimyo were staring at the tremor of his hair.
"What do you think?"
Mr. Taka loosened his stiff body and raised his chest. And for the first time, he looked straight at high times with something similar to a smile on his face. Rather, squeeze your deep, merciful eyes.
"It's not difficult at all. After returning home, I took a bath and shared the Shinmon, so let's dedicate myself to the table tomorrow morning."
And, in response to the clarity "Meiseki",
"Because various preparations are yet to come, I'm afraid to do this with Yaoi."
I worshiped him. And as soon as I saw the nod at high time, I slipped down.
The samurai of the servant
"Welcome back"
The voice that shook into the back made the Ashikaga mansion in Okura scream strangely.
"It's your return"
"Finally"
The footsteps of the whole family had a crack that was already connected to the battlefield.
One of the most ｜ The hospitality of Mr. Taka, who was bitten by the family genus “Kenzaku” and entered Oku, is a terrifying feeling that cannot be seen as a former “Burari piece”. There was a color. It was summer, but even sweat was shining.
"It's hot, get on first"
Around the voice, Toko was busy with herself while she was a maid.
"Everyone was wondering how it happened."
"What is it?"
"Because it's too late to leave"
"It was great. It must be a sick person."
Mr. Taka went out to the corridor, wiped his skin, wiped his face and wiped his back with a squeeze of hot water. Then, within a short while, it's quick to get dressed,
"Is it right?"
"I'm here"
"Please come in here"
"My brother, Anija, I'm sorry for the hard work."
"This is nothing"
"How was your" Gozen "?"
"First of all, it was like you were guessing. It's just two challenges."
"What a challenge"
"I'll do it later.-For now, let's get together."
"Then, by decision"
"Mu, it's decided. Tomorrow morning | Tatsu no Koku" will be launched here.
"I'm happy .... Brother"
"Younger brother"
"I'm finally here"
"Oh!"
"Now, let's talk to the public" Oyake "to the vassals of the table."
"Ko no Moronao"
"I think I'm going home soon."
"Where did you go?"
"Actually, because the nameless Sasaki Takauji suddenly became the number one on the departure table" Shutsujinhyo "."
"Saguri Nika"
"That's right. Not only that, but also Moronao was worried, and he waited in the middle of his honor and told him not to go home after seeing the heart of the crawling shirt."
"I didn't need it."
"What so"
"I heard about Sasaki in the palace, Denchu. No matter what he did or how he moved .... Let's go. Please tell the table quickly. "
Naoyoshi left his brother and went down there. There is something I can't say to my brother Taka today, but he was younger and more honestly excited. The number of people in the house was 206 or 70, which was the total number of people in the Okura mansion, including the family members "Umaya Chugen", the young party, and the children "Wappa". Collect it in the horse riding square in the house,
"Tomorrow's Tatsu no Koku is dispatched."
Officially announced.
It was a quiet proclamation. It turns out that the secret wishes had already been made in advance. He gave a word of answer from the old vassals, samurai heads, flag servants, etc., and broke up the flock to each Nagaya and armor storehouse. In the clear sky at noon, Mt. Kamakura was a forest. It is the season when big black Kamakura butterflies also fly.
Soon, Kono Moronao was back. Norifusa Uesugi, who is a fan and a valley, is also coming.
In those confidants, the old vassal Kino Gozaemon, the younger brother Naoyoshi, and all of them, Mr. Taka talked about the fact that he was in operation from his dry lips for the first time.
"To tell you, go to Kamakura with your wife and children as a quality with your departure. Also, to issue the divine text of the oath, it was a good delivery of two articles."
“…………”
Everyone held their breath, and every face had a bluish tinge.
However, Naoyoshi Hitori gazed at the sinking color of his brother's agony with a fierce whip-like eye. It's probably because he knew the fragile side of his brother [# "emphasis mark"]. I was afraid that Mr. Taka's will would be lost.
Mr. Taka also shot back that of his younger brother in the corner of his eyes. It seemed to be a little uncomfortable when it was a small tantrum.
"Of course, I accepted and left. I was relieved. Thank you. Because ..."
Mr. Taka continues to say.
"Although it was a piety to keep my wife and children, I was told that Takatoki, I forgot, or that my mother was also a quality ... At that time, I feel that there was a scrubbing brush of the Jizo Bodhisattva. My mother's daily devotion .... My skin was a secret oily sweat, but I thank you for your support.
Look at Uesugi Norifusa.
"I would like to ask you, my brother, for the body of my mother, Hahaja."
"I told you my heart. Let's hide it in Ogigayatsu for a while and send it to Ashikaga Nosho, the country's origin. Rest assured."
"Enjoy"
"Mr. Odai"
"I've made a lot of sense for Toko, and I'm already good at it. Also about Senju."
"Did you do your best?"
"First of all"
I don't say much. For that reason, it scratches the human intestine. Naoyoshi seemed to be spicy now, but at that time, a warrior on the front came and whispered something to him. Naoyoshi left the seat to do it.
During this time, the warrior's voice and noises that boiled in preparation for the Ming dynasty's departure were roaring like a roaring sound. This mansion, this Okura, the valley, is the first lively one. ――Isn't it possible that "Bannaji" and "Okibumi" at the time of the ancestral family were also breathing in the middle of Mr. Taka's chest?
"Gozaemon"
"Ha"
"It's the role of an old vassal, is it okay to leave this Okura for the two of us, Takewaka and Senjuou?"
"It's a pity that I'm not a companion, but I won't catch the wrong one."
"The little ones don't know anything. They can't live together with their mother. Please be a playmate so that you don't cry while you're away. A word from my father
Eventually, Mr. Taka once took him to his private room. Senjuou (Ashikaga Yoshiakira), who was playing somewhere, and Takewaka, who was a concubine, were called in and went in. ...... But soon, Naoyoshi, who was standing on the front side, was looking for his brother Takashi everywhere.
Living room
I heard that Naoyoshi suddenly hesitated to come there.
The brother's voice was not heard, and he sobbed. It seems to be two young people.
When I looked into it gently, Mr. Taka was telling me something in front of his real children, Senjuou and Takewaka. Mr. Taka also blushes his eyelids in a shape that even an understanding adult can do.
"... Chi"
Naoyoshi rang his lips. What the hell is this time?
This is even the farewell to the child. What about the climber of Ayome? From now on, it seems that the feelings of "menmen" will still be regretted in the couple's room. I can't wait to see it. This is my brother Taka. Can't you tell me the back of my usual brother today?
"Brother" Anija ""
"... Is it justice?"
"Yes, at rest"
"No, I don't care, what is it?"
"Chito"
It was intentionally kept outside. Then, while being soothed by Mr. Taka, Senjuou and Takewaka, who cried their eyes, came out to the corridor and went across the middle tsubo.
Naoyoshi didn't even look at it and immediately sneaked in front of his brother.
"Sometimes, a strange man came to the gate as if he had fallen from heaven."
Is it a sauce? When Mr. Taka asked, aside from Naoyoshi, he first showed the state that the man brought. ――It is written by Isshiki Umasuke, and the address is straightforward.
“…………”
Mr. Taka read it carefully and returned it to his younger brother.
"Are you alone?"
"alone"
"Iwamatsu Keiya's younger brother | Yoshimune. That's it."
"Yes. At first glance, it's just a travel merchant, but after a little talk, I quickly realized that it wasn't an ordinary skeleton. I'm a man. "
"Have you asked me yet?"
"No, I just said a few words about my surname and Umasuke, and the secret important ritual is Ashikaga-den |
"Which one, do it again"
Mr. Taka looked at Umasuke's letter again in detail, and it seemed that he finally believed. ――When it comes to that, you need to pay particular attention to the place where you meet the secret messenger Yoshiki.
There is a back mountain, but it is a continuation of the Okura Yashiki garden. There is Shiatei "Azumaya".
Mr. Taka went earlier and was waiting. Eventually Naoyoshi takes a man with him. The man was dressed like a hat seller. Was believed by Mr. Taka at the first glance.
There is no one who knows what kind of secret talk was held.
However, it will become clear at a later date that this was also one of the natural movements that was not accidental or unreasonable. This is because the Iwamatsu Party was originally a tribe that originated from the Ashikaga clan's ancestors as a patriline and Nitta as a matriline.
"Then, we will have a meeting with Mr. Nitta as soon as possible, and we are waiting for both good luck and good luck."
Kichichi broke up like this and soon left Okuragaya. With his feet, he was in a hurry to Nitta Yoshisada's territory | Ueno Kozuke.
[# 3 indentation] Yahagi "Yahagi" Nojin "Jin" [# "Yahagi Nojin" is a middle heading]
For a long time, the gate here, which had been closed unfortunately, closed to the mourning of the predecessor, and closed to the other side of the time, was opened to eight characters this morning.
Does even the horse detect the departure? At the horse tie [# "horse tie" as an emphasis mark], the sound of biting the forage is tremendous. The moment in the mansion was so quiet, the plaza was shining with a line of bows and arrows, and while waiting for Mr. Taka's appearance late, the water sprinkling of the middle gate reflected the quiet morning clouds. It was.
"... I heard the Tokitori" Hototogisu "on the way. The first bird of this year, and the morning bird."
The early dawn guest said.
Toko's brother, Hojo Moritoki, was that Akahashiden.
His permission must have been given a high-time decree.
"I went to take my sister's body because of my decree," he just sat at the Shoin.
Mr. Taka wore glossy black leather toseigusoku and armor on Unohana.
"I'm afraid"
I apologized many times and showed self-deprecation to that person.
"Please be patient. If you don't give your wife a quality, you won't be able to go out. Is there such a good person in the world?"
"No, not without"
When defending, laugh quietly. He's always like this, but he was a lonely figure this morning as well.
"In the world of Jisho, Kiso-den (Yoshinaka) was the same. When Yoritomo asked for a pawnbroker, he sent a child with Tomoe Gozen to Kamakura and entered the city. Was done "
“…………”
Mr. Taka watched over his lips when he was defending. It was scary just to look at it.
Maybe this person is deeper than the dripping and knows by looking into Mr. Taka's chest.
What if so?
Mr. Taka cannot forbid this person for awe and painful sympathy. From the beginning when I sent my sister Toshi to herself, she often endured the troubles of the people around her. I never complained.
"But I am"
Mr. Taka is blamed for himself. I feel like I've been mocking this brother-in-law. Even now, I'm fooling myself.
Among the Hojo clan, it is the correct Akahashi family with the strongest Hojo blood. At the time of protection, I will protect the mausoleum. You know, tomorrow you'll be known as an enemy or ally. Mr. Taka was more sympathetic at the time of defense than his wife who left behind. If it were to be, I would confess everything to this person alone, and I was obsessed with the delusion in reason that I wanted to apologize for.
"Don ..."
When I noticed the voice, it was a brighter morning than the image of Ginbyo, and Toko was holding both hands. If there was no eyelid swelling, the collar of the morning makeup, which would look like the bride's morning, was white.
"Haya, we all have it at the right time."
"Mum"
Look at the guardian.
"Then, Akahashi, I'm going to stand out from the big floor of the ceremony. Thank you for your absence. Also, even if it's troublesome, she's herself."
At dawn, when he and his mother Kiyoko went to the Mochibutsu-do, Mr. Taka was happy to report to his ancestors and to say goodbye to his mother.
Although it was already a start-up ceremony, there is nothing to say now. I got up immediately just by getting my lips wet with the miki of the pottery "Kawarake". About the good man, Toko pulled the hand of King Senju and went out to the middle gate with Kino Gozaemon and others who were absent, and went to see him off.
Thus the clan went to the battlefield.
My wife was in my parents' house, Sato Azu.
The child was a child and was under the supervision of the Shogunate, and his grandmother secretly fell to Ashikaga Nosho. The normal feeling of crying was far from anyone's face.
"Please"
Mr. Taka also lowered his heartfelt head to Moritoki Akahashi. And to Kino Gozaemon, who is absent
"Tanomuzo"
I said that.
In the open space of horse riding, shellfish are ringing. A horse was pulled near Mr. Taka and Naoyoshi. Mr. Taka's was a black piece with a saddle of Raden and a vermilion sword, but he was raging at the beginning and terribly lost the hands of the Roh party. Meanwhile, Mr. Taka looked back at his wife and children twice or three times from the back of the piece. He wore an eboshi, carried his helmet on his back, and was bitten by the horses of the flagmen and soon died in the line. No matter how heavy the helmet on the back of the good man was, it seemed to his wife.
On this day, there were many sights on the roadside, but the gorgeousness of Sasaki Takauji's appearance was incomparably plain and dark, and the eyes of the town did not bounce. .. Tsuji without a voice was just left behind by the sound of the horseshoe and the toes that flowed silently.
"Shimouma!"
Under the voice, Mr. Taka also got off.
It was under Tsurugaoka Hachiman. Mr. Taka went to Yamagami to worship. And in front of Yanagi, he ordered the lineup of the line again,
"I'm leaving now due to my motive."
And, I worshiped at the pier where there was a high time.
Of course, when I was in high school, I was on the pier, and I was squinting at the parade this morning. The gate of Yanagi was opened to Mr. Taka,
"Immediately to the table"
And, I passed him alone inside.
At high times, I was so happy and amiable today that I couldn't see him yesterday. It seems that Mr. Taka has taken all of his strong challenges obediently, and he is very happy. Besides, Mr. Taka also sent a promised oath, so
"I really knew that I was sure."
As a result, we performed the ceremony of sake, and also took out the white flag of Ieshige Genke.
"This is transmitted to my house from Yoritomo's back room, the second-ranked Zenni (Masako), but in spite of his departure, I let him go there. Get rid of the Yoritomo as soon as possible. "
I gave it to Mr. Taka.
In addition to this, one transfer horse was parted with a sword made of kogane.
"See you again. Come on credit. Don't worry about your wife and children. Don't worry if this high time is in your care."
And, this "Utsutsunakijin" repeated repeatedly, and while encouraging Mr. Taka, he himself dyed his cheeks red with a light drink in the morning.
It was a good success.
Put the "white flag" of the worship in the brocade of Nishiki on your chest, and also push the sword that you worshiped with "Awa".
"Then, I will take the dash."
Mr. Taka left.
Then, I went back to the general who was outside Yanagi and showed me the items of worship.
"Let's do it all together"
And, I messed with Kachidoki.
The 280 horsemen arranged their lines and went high toward the Yanagi pier.
Oops
Wow ...
After chanting hurray three times, immediately after that, he began to turn his horse's neck to the west.
At this time, after high school, all the senior vassals stood up and saw this off from the pier. In power, this was the best farewell to only the best general.
戛 《Katsu》, 戛, 戛
Komanami ran from Wakamiya Oji to Omachi. Takashi's piece, Naoyoshi's piece, Uesugi's piece, and Moronao's piece all showed a brilliant shine, and Kamakura's young leaves were stroking their vertical hair.
Soon after, the shadow of this group left the prefectural gate of Kinwashizaka, passed Inamuragasaki, and finally, at the end of Shichirigahama, the pace was a little slow.
"Brother" Anija ""
Looking back on Naoyoshi.
"Look, Kamakura's prefecture is far away."
"Mmm. I have a lot of memories. Well, it was Kamakura that let me live until today."
"Are you ready to return?"
"I don't know. What about tomorrow?"
"That's right, even tomorrow's life. But today's fortune, Saisaki, was successful. Sometimes, Ieshige Genke's white flag was awarded."
"That's it"
And Moronao immediately put the words in between.
"Let's say something like a divine intention or auspicious sign. The white flag of the Genji is supposed to come to the Genji's house rather than to the Hojo family of the Taira clan. It's not a coincidence that you can get it for today's departure. "
"Mmm, it's not a coincidence!"
Naoyoshi also said.
Mr. Taka nodded again. Then, unraveling the flag bag that was hanging on my chest,
"Go to the post"
And I gave it to the warrior of the flag bearer.
Although it was fluttering, a grayish-white one that seemed to be still alive | --Mr. Taka raised his eyes and was fascinated by the flow. It seems that the thoughts of ten years are now breathing in the void. I also thought that I saw the support of Yoritomo, who I worshiped on a daily basis, in my testimony.
Here, too, the voice of a sword was raised from nobody in the waves of Shichirigahama. It was a singing from the bottom of my heart, which was different from that in front of the residence of the sovereignty. Even with this, it seems that the many years that the Ashikaga clan had been depressed and depressed, even among the generals, had somehow waited for today and were now on the verge of an explosion. It was.
On the third day, the march was over Hakone. Mr. Taka
"I'm sorry for Hakone Gongen's prayer for victory."
However, I spent another day here.
However, it seems that there were other plans as well. On that day, about 150 Kunimoto horsemen were catching up from Shimotsuke. Besides, Mr. Taka picked out 20 excellent samurai who were terrifying from them.
"They are all in attendance. I'll give them to something important. I'm telling him what kind of mission he's doing. You should ask him."
I was good.
Moronao took the 20 people into a nearby forest. And the other soldiers didn't know what kind of secret life was included. -At a later date, was it already prepared at that time?-I thought of all of Mr. Taka's conspiracy, but at that time,
"Mysterious consideration"
It was just a mess.
It can be inferred how heavy the mission was that the 20 people selected were not the housekeepers of yesterday and today, but all of them were samurai.
"Well"
And they often swallowed what Moronao said,
"It's a pity that I can't work in front of Mima in such a case, but if I have a command,"
It was all confused.
They immediately took off their armor on the spot and put on the miscellaneous kosode and miscellaneous elephant preparations prepared by Moronao. Then, he became a peasant and became a travel merchant, and he went back to the original place with Hakone in the shape of a cargo on the highway.
Moronao went out in front of Mr. Taka
"I told you, I've done it."
Report,
"All of them are unscrupulous. I'm sure you've already wiped out your concerns."
I added.
Then, on Mr. Taka's front, a certain anxiety of his patronage "Koko" was wiped out so that he could see it [# "Hata" as an emphasis mark]. When he touched on such a thing, Moronao knew as if he had looked into the back of his master Taka's weak heart.
The march continues.
The number of soldiers was 500. While covering the camp and the camp, after that, he climbed the sea road to the sword. It was the evening of April 4th that I arrived at Yahagi no Yado on the banks of the Yahagi River in Mikawa.
"Oh, it ’s the main army."
"It's the shrine of the Soke"
The mouth of the station road 《Umayaji》 was crouched by the welcoming army. All of them were soldiers of the Mikawa Ashikaga party. ――For Mr. Taka, all of them are the same family who praise themselves as Soke, so unlike the prefecture of Kamakura, it was as warm as entering the territory of my family.
"Everyone was waiting for Chiaki every day. First of all, I'm very excited."
Immediately, the Isshiki Penal Department, on behalf of the hometown party, put the horse-fronted Shikitai (greeting) in front of Mr. Taka.
Yahagi no Yado was the largest station on the Kaido at that time. The plains of countless private houses were peeked out on the west bank of the river and smoked under Yu Akane.
"It's been a long time since I've been with everyone. But here, I can't even give a bow to each color charge. Later, later."
Mr. Taka says constantly.
There, while being greeted by the Mikawa Ashikaga Party, Mr. Taka and below began to cross the Yahagi Ohashi to the west.
It became a whirlpool of hustle and bustle throughout the town, but by the time I saw the lights, it turned back, and only one of Yanagido, who was assigned to the main team, was lingering in the darkness of the night.
Most of the munitions and soldiers were prepared here by the Ashikaga Party in Mikawa. For those who had a close interview with Mr. Taka that night,
Kira
Imagawa
Niki << Nikki >>
One color
From the head of the family, such as Shiba, Ko, Ishido, Hatakeyama, Koriki, Sekiguchi, Kida, Irino, Saijo, etc. When,
"This is the first time for a branch house to have such a view. Isn't it a mysterious association based on the will of our ancestors?"
Everyone said.
It would have been Mr. Taka's feeling as it was. It's not hard to imagine his complex and sensitive feelings at the top of a dozen family members.
"Prison" and eventually to Isshiki.
"Roughly, I want to know, how many troops have been gathered by the houses?"
The prison department was the oldest person in the hometown party. But
"The magistrates of the soldiers were served by both Imagawa and Kira.
Give the answer. At the same time, Imagawa Noriuji and Sadayoshi Kira went forward,
"Let's forcefully remind us of that ceremony."
I said first.
And each * [# 2 character dot, 1-2-22], while looking at the book << Bo >>, told that there were more than 1,700 people under the magistrate of Imagawa, and 1,400 people by mobilizing Kira.
"In addition, we have gathered all three thousand and one hundred horses in the Yahagi here, and we have enough horses and troops, and we have been waiting for you today."
I finished saying that.
"No, I still have it," Taka said. "--500 in my hand, a total of 3,600 horses .... enough."
"But there is only one regret."
"What's missing"
"Hosokawa hasn't met here yet. Kazuuji Hosokawa, Yoriharu Hosokawa, and Suke Kamonnosuke don't look like they're all together."
"Is it late? Let's see it now."
"No, I'm suspicious from the usual state of affairs. In such a case, we will go to the blood festival with the hands of our hometown party."
"Well, I'm short-tempered," Taka said with a laugh. "Leave it to me. Leave that to me."
The next day, Mr. Taka sent his uncle, Norifusa Uesugi, to Hosokawa-mura, Nukata-gun, about two ri upstream of Yahagi.
It is the hometown of Kazuuji Hosokawa, a family member of the same family. Of course, it was to get rid of the intention of not attending, but Mr. Taka said
"Even if I'm a Soke, I'm not the one who has given me any kind of support. It may be a reliable person. "
And, due to the mature thoughts of Kenbo, he relied on the good deeds.
The Mikawa Ashikaga Party has nineteen families. However, even though it is the family, what is lacking in the group here is a big start for him. In addition to the blood festival that the local party rose [# "rose" has an emphasis mark], this miscalculation must be done by political treatment.
Political.
Mr. Taka did not bend himself. I just thought I hadn't had a good time. I don't think that it would damage the power of the Soke if I went down from me, but if a mild-mannered old man went, I wouldn't go bankrupt. I have forgotten my face after I was appointed to Kenbo.
"Den"
"Is it a teacher?"
"I've felt that it was true in the words of my brother."
"What is it?"
"Forgive me"
Moronao always approached Mr. Takashi's Shitone and quieted his voice.
When this man made a dedication in the name of Naoyoshi, it was actually what he wanted to do. Mr. Taka also sees that speaking to Naoyoshi is just a kind of Sebumi before offering to Mr. Taka. But often there was a lot to ask. This man has a talent that he does not have. As the situation progressed, Mr. Taka unknowingly relied heavily on his teacher.
"There is nothing else. Even if you look at an example of Hosokawa."
Moronao leaned against his master like a guardian dog, Komainu.
"I'm wondering if it would be a good idea to take the round-robin of the same family here before Yahagi's stagnation."
"Do you want to open up, Takashi's belly?"
"Goodbye"
"Well, how about now?"
"I'm not taking measures now. What should I do?"
Moronao clearly expressed his opinion.
Traditionally, ambitions have been leaked to only a few inside the Ashikaga clan. Even among the branch houses in Mikawa, it is only whether or not they feel light. In other words, he said that it was just a form of "An Anri" in the dark, and that was not enough.
"Once you step into the capital, it's not easy to get into the local war situation, rumors, and the rumors of your allies. I know that iron is hot, and Yahagi's team is at the perfect time to consolidate. I can do it. "
I urgently explained the necessity.
Mr. Taka couldn't have deep confidence in the round-robin. I don't know the old days, and I think it's the present age. Even I am presenting a letter of invocation "Kishomon" that I do not have in my heart to the present "Gen".
I knew from the whole society that there was an example of such a thing that was not so friendly as to unite people. However, both Naoyoshi and Moronao eagerly recommended it, and now there is no opportunity for it.
"Leave it to me"
He easily agreed. And soon it was a forgotten face.
After all, Yanagido's headquarters was so busy. With the arrival of the Mikawa warriors and the arrival of Hayauma, Mr. Taka has begun a distant politics that is no longer a military affair.
Hayauma's messenger also came from Nitta in Kozuke. It seems that this was some kind of intelligence brought about by Yoshinori Iwamatsu, who broke up in Kamakura earlier, but Mr. Taka responded.
"Kou no Moronao, write"
I dictated it directly to my teacher and let him write it.
Also, information from the upper direction was constantly delivered. He was almost aware of Rokuhara's moyo, the advance and retreat of the Akamatsu group, the battle situation of Chihaya Kongo, and the movement of the Go-Daigo army after Hoki Oyama Daisen.
"My brother, Anija, is ready for a round-robin. Let's have a look at the decree of the child, Ne, Koku, and Koku."
I have been careful from the point of view.
"Good"
Naoyoshi, who was forgiven, immediately touched the main general from his teacher.
Child 《Ne》 no Koku 《Koku》 (midnight) It is an order to secretly gather at the main team of Yanagido. Everything was in line with each other.
――The place was a large-floor board or wall board where many members of the Ji-shu sect would come and give a memorial service, and the lights were lit only on the platform of the Amida statue. When I saw it, I was indignant at the mortuary tablet of the Ashikaga ancestor, and especially the seven generations who were the grandfather of Mr. Taka, with the mysterious text "Okibumi" on Bannaji Temple. -The mortuary tablet at the time of the usual house was enshrined.
Preaching from the origin of the "Ietoki Kono Kibun", Mr. Taka opened up his ambitions for the first time this night.
For a moment, it was a seat filled with infinite feeling. But before long, I heard a big sigh. It was a hot breath. I wasn't upset by myself, and I wasn't surprised. The round-robin was written immediately, and in the order of the writers, the spirit of the house was burned and returned to the seat.
――And ironically, the white flag of Tokugawa Ieshige, who was given from the time of high authority, hung beside the smoke like the scent of the platform. When it was over, everyone shook their voices and swore to Mr. Taka.
"I'm sorry for the celebration"
The round-robin volume 《Kan》 was rolled.
However, the next morning, the name of another family was added.
It was Mr. Kazuuji Hosokawa. Mr. Kazu, along with his younger brother Yoriharu and Sukebe Suke, came to this with Kenbo Uesugi that morning, and joined the shogunate | Tempuku's plot without objection. ..
[# 3 indentation] Toin High School [# "Toin High School" is the middle heading]
After noon on the 6th.
The bunch of Yanagido, where Mr. Taka was seated, hung a bamboo blind, and somewhere there was a warbler.
"Do you want to leave today?"
The whole army was waiting for the order at Yahagi's inn, but without it, the afternoon Hiru was a little past.
Last night was a late-night conspiracy. This morning, the Hosokawa brothers, who were worried that they would lack a round-robin, also started. Taka isn't sleeping because of that. Perhaps he is in a nap? The voice of the warbler in Yanagido-too quiet sunlight.
Then, I sewed between the willows, and I saw the figure of Naoyoshi walking toward the camp curtain "Tobari" over the pond. There are many curtains around the temple, but one of them is a woman with a child in a glossy dress and a samurai in plain dress on the side.
"Right horse"
Naoyoshi said to it.
"I don't think I'm awake yet. My brother, Anija, is a person who sleeps at any time .... Well, wait a little longer."
"No, no matter how many times I go"
The man was Isshiki Umasuke. Look behind you.
"Youngness. How many are you?"
Shinyamaru 《Isayamaru》 didn't answer, and from a while ago, he had a boring and unbearable look. I pulled the buckwheat noodles of a person near me and asked for it.
"Fujiyasha, I want to cross that bridge. Let's go. Let's go to the town."
"Well, there is no reason"
Fujiyasha scolded with his eyes.
"When you left Isshiki Village, you said that. And you understand. I'm meeting my father for the first time. The village kid, Magewappa. Don't be fooled like that. "
“…………”
What kind of person is my father? His childhood also had an extraordinary curiosity and fearlessness. I don't know anything about nostalgia. I didn't even look at my face, I was just told that I had a father.
Therefore, it goes without saying that it is Yasha Mother Fuji who has been waiting for today's opportunity rather than his child. Somewhere in Fujiyasha, you can't even see the shadow of death. I was devoted to it, and maybe I was thinking about death. Such a child can be seen in the blue-colored lips of Beni and the makeup of the lips.
"Oh, the Ministry of Justice is coming."
Naoyoshi muttered by the pond.
Everything was carried from the prison to the righteousness, and the intercession of the righteousness was carried by force. Naoyoshi was beyond sympathy and even remembered his brother's ruthless indignation. I'm sure I'll meet you! It was encouraging to say so.
The white eyebrows of the prison department were bright. Come to this one.
"I'm sorry, the lord is awake, and I'm sorry for that."
And, Mr. Taka's words were directly answered to the righteousness.
"--Let's meet soon, I've been waiting for Umasuke, I'm grateful to Umasuke for the first time in a long time."
"What about Fujiyasha"
"I haven't said anything yet. I know that without the help of my brother."
Maybe after taking a nap, his face was a little bluish. However, Mr. Taka looks at Umasuke in front of him.
"Hi"
I said it was really refreshing. Most of the master-slave swords have been removed.
"Umasuke, I finally had a long-awaited day. I don't have any disownment in the world right now, please come back on a sunny day."
"It's a waste
"No, it's true. As a human being, I took care of him from the day of the boy, and for ten years, he suffered unsung heroes.
Mr. Taka had a territory of armor by his side. It looks like it was prepared
"Sign of return"
I gave it to him. And yet,
"Mr. Taka is still in the process of being a joraku, and the ambition is in the heavens, but if Akatsuki has achieved his ambition, Umasuke, first and foremost, will do his best. "
I also swore.
Then. Umasuke said, "No ..." Suddenly, a sounding emotion was exposed between his eyebrows and Takashi's eyes.
Mr. Taka knew a little. ――Before you went into a nap, you suddenly heard from someone close to you. -A beautiful woman in a sagging robe, accompanied by a boy, was struck by the gate of Yanagido and went into the Jinmaku of Naoyoshi.
"I have a request," continued Umasuke.
"--If you can't help me, I'll replace it."
"What are you saying?"
"At this time, it's sunny and I'm looking forward to seeing your father and son."
"Did you bring it? Shinyamaru" Isayamaru ""
"Yes"
"I thought it was probably that. I had a premonition of it."
"And also for another person"
"Is it also for Fujiyasha?"
"What's the hesitation? When the time comes, I'll meet my father and son, I'll never be a sunshade, and I'm sure Fujiyasha will be in Takashi's room and use it. You will come with a hard promise. "
"Do you blame, right horse?"
"No, it's not such a ceremony."
"I haven't forgotten"
"If"
"Well, listen. I want to see my child as an adult. Let alone Shichiyamaru is the first child. But what a thin relationship?"
"I'm sorry, in the circumstances to date"
"However, the thin ties are still forever thin. With the praise of praise, I have to raise the hostage to Sagami Irido (high school). # Isn't it an emphasis on "better"]? Get lost there, right horse "
Then, a figure appeared outside the bamboo blinds in the corridor. One of them went straight into the room as soon as he called out "--Brother", and he sat far away.
"My brother is too annoyed. I took the scolding with all my might .... Now, I put it in Shiranya Maru Konata. I met Fujiyasha as well. It ’s good. ”
"Nah, don't put it in"
Mr. Taka was very loud.
"Don't treat me unnecessarily, if you can meet me, I won't wait for you to treat me."
"But it's called Fujiyasha and Kazuko, isn't it too inconvenient?"
"Fubin? It's my bond, it's not necessary to say that. No matter what, don't put two people inside the corridor with the blinds there. If you want to meet each other, Mr. Taka will stand up. "
"This is not like my brother"
Naoyoshi was still far away and struck a defense. No, it seems to blame the ruthless father and the ruthless man for the treatment of the mother and child who brought them behind.
"Even today, if there is a messenger in Kamakura, I have heard that Naoyoshi has to hand over as a pawnbroker, but it is better not to meet the father and son. I don't understand why. No matter how much parents are, they are selfish.
With that power, Umasuke also
"Delivery to me"
Squeeze your voice,
"It would also be the earnest hope of the Isshiki Party and all of Mikawa's countries for years."
I went to Mr. Taka.
It is undeniable to Mr. Taka that the growth of Shiraniya Maru was supported by the Mikawa parties. Even though Mr. Taka is a secret child, they have served as a son of the Soke.
Suddenly he returned to his thoughts and remained silent for a while. And the feelings that seemed to be straightforward at one point disappeared in the next words.
"No, Naoyoshi, I reconsidered. It was bad. Please bring Shichiyamaru here."
"Well, would you like to meet me?"
"Only for children"
"Where is Fujiyasha?"
"I don't want to see a woman"
"What kind of distance is this? Isn't it also a poor woman who has endured the sun for many years, keeping her bran?"
"I'm grateful for the consideration, but I'd like to say it to my younger brother, Umasuke. This is just a entanglement of a man and a woman. The intercession between the two is actually a nuisance. I want you to leave me alone. "
“…………”
It was outside the bamboo blinds in the corridor. I heard a sobbing throat that bites the 袂. It was Fujiyasha's fierce crying. Naoyoshi is unbearable to look back. I felt it on my back. Before I knew it, the pharynx in the back was still crying.
"Oh, thank you! ……. I'm so happy! ……. Wow, if even my child goes to the knees of his father, Machete, Fujiyasha will be this Fujiyasha. It doesn't matter what happens. Kazuko, your father is Mr. Taka. Well, come to Mr. Taka's side. My mother will not see you anymore. "
Maybe it was pushed, Shichiyamaru also cried suddenly there. Aside from the child, the crazy figure quickly ran away from the corridor, with the crying in his arms.
"Which Fujiyasha. Which Fujiyasha?"
I couldn't throw it away, and Umasuke got up immediately and chased her.
As soon as he entered the dark place, Fujiyasha cried all over his body. It was a small room that was good for crying.
When the head of the head became cold [# "emphasis mark"], there were no tears anymore, and the fingers were squeezing between the belts like a simple act. It is a painted kaiken. Only the Buddha did not appear on his lips.
"Oh, what"
At that time, her hand was in a hurry to the voice of the person who danced,
"stupid"
It was just taken off by Umasuke's hand. And when I heard the sound of the short white blade being thrown out of my reach,
"Why stop!"
Fujiyasha has come up with an appearance that seems to eat.
"Die. No, even though you know everything from the beginning of this with you and me to this day."
"Well, I'm sorry. There's nothing dead."
"Nothing, that's why I want to die .... How long do you want to see my suffering?"
"Not really"
"But that's not the case. It's up to today, leaving the time to the time, as you say."
"I'm sorry to say that, but the Ashikaga clan for the last decade has been in danger. The difficulty of the palace's position can be easily understood by women. "Woman"
"Lies, lies, lies. Now I've only been fooled by you. To the lord, you're the one and only loyal man, but I'm resentful. I'm just a person. Besides, I'm still trying to keep me alive and interesting. "
"Is it interesting? ... I'm sorry, oh, what's wrong with that talk?"
"What a madness. It's crazy that I don't know what to do with this body. I don't have a grudge against the lord or you .... There is a deep family in my body. I have to die. "
"Last year .... Before that, before I threw myself into the Takano River?"
"Don't ask and get paid"
At the same time, she also buried her crying face deeply.
"I can't say that. I can't tell anyone. If I die, everything will disappear with white dew. And as long as I'm skeletonized, I'll lose to any devil. I can laugh at you. Let's ... But before I die, I really want you to tell the lord about the truth of this chest. I think you can meet as much as you can. Ibuki's spring ...... A long time ago, I can't forget the first time I met him. "
Noodles and the thread-like grudge itself seemed to comfort herself. However, at that time, outside the shoji, when I thought that someone had coughed twice with Ehen, it was about to open.
"Which one color is inside?"
"Who is it?"
"It's Moronao. There, the lord is calling. Naoyoshi is also looking for it. Can I open it?"
"Oh, please give me a moment."
"No, I have no idea what Fujiyasha is.
After Umasuke left with Kuraou, instead, Moronao quietly came to the side of Fujiyasha and looked down at the annoying white collar.
“…………”
Then, I picked up the white blade of the kaiken that was thrown in the distance, and went out once to the scabbard.
When I heard something about the Roh party that was on the edge of the corridor, ran somewhere, and returned to the original small room, I sat down quietly. She patted her back, squeezing her thick body temperature into her body.
"Well ... Fuji, please retire here for the time being. For you, this teacher is a better counselor than you. I'm conceited. I don't measure it badly."
"... Please, already"
"Hahahaha. Leave it alone. But how did you stop here now? To Mr. Takashi, this chest, this truth, isn't it? I would have been distraught if I couldn't die without dying. "
“…………”
"It's reasonable! I understand that regret. The contract with the palace, and the eleventh year ago, the body is still fifteen or six. I gave it up when I was a maiden. It's been a hard time since then. The lord is also guilty!
“…………”
"But if it's a not-so-shallow relationship, what would it be like to endure and show the truth of your body to the man who thinks about it? That's why. So, I'll show you how to die! …… This and what the girl "Onago" in the world [# "Zara" is a side point] does "
“…………”
"Yeah, leave it to the teacher. This is also a bit of a difficult person. If you listen to it at all, you may not be able to tell anyone. …… That's it! Fuji: I'm worried about this, and I'm suspicious that you won't meet. "
"What is the lord?"
She raised her chest as if she had been lifted up. It had a whiter face than the mask of the spirit woman Ryo no Onna.
Moronao saw it at that time. The light blue bruises on her folds of the eyelids are washed in tears.
"No"
Moronao laughed.
"I don't know the details of the palace. Even if you hear it, it's an unknown honor, and it won't be taken up."
"What is that honor?"
"Actually, Ko no Moronao has also been told. At the sake table in Kamakura. I was struck by a lot of shirabyoshi. I'm proud of that, and I'm proud of myself. I also said, as if every wisteria belongs to you. "
Moronao didn't overlook her tremor, which seemed to suffocate as it was. The guess was as if he nodded ruthlessly that he was in the middle. And he stood out of the corridor again, taking care of the brutal things in front of his eyes. I knew from my back that someone was coming.
"Did you come, Moroyasu?"
Moronao stopped by with his voice.
"What's your brother, Anija?"
"Listen to your ears"
Ko no Moronao and Moroyasu's brothers faced each other. It's funny because it's very similar. However, his younger brother had no beard, and he was a terrific person.
"Then, that woman, Nyosho."
"Mu, Kisama, keep it"
"In the camp. No, I'm weak."
"What should I do with a soldier and go to a private house? Is there anything in trouble?"
"What about you?"
"Maybe I don't ask from the palace. My brother and Umasuke are entertaining. I'm glad if Moronao carries that talent on his back."
Moroyasu grinned. It might be an amorous brother, or another illness.
"And are you going to take me to the capital and go to the battlefield?"
"Idiot. Let's have a playful mouth."
Moronao screamed and scolded his younger brother with his eyebrows straight ahead.
"Karisome still has the lord's possession. I didn't tell you to pick it up. Besides, no matter how much I'm hungry, I'm the mother of Shiraniyamaru-sama."
"If so, isn't it okay to take care of a little drunken man?"
"Well, look. I'll show you how to use the wisteria effectively. The most important thing about my ambition is that there's a lot of money-a human pillar-a human pillar-needs." Even the main room and even the children of the palace are already listed as the quality of the shogunate on the Kamakura table. "
"Oh, speaking of the quality of Kamakura"
Moroyasu suddenly thought about it.
"Now, from the soldiers at Hashiguchi of the Yahagi River, both the messenger Kudo Sonichi and Minagi Shichiroubei have received the body of Shichiyamaru. Therefore, I was informed that I arrived at this place. "
"Finally, did you see it?"
Although it was planned, it is still a problem. Also, a new sense of humiliation will burn to everyone. Whether or not the people of the Mikawa parties who have protected and raised the Shichiya Maru easily hand it over.
"I can't stay this way"
Moronao tweeted.
"Anyway, Ko no Moroyasu, I told you. I'll leave the body of Fuji to you. If something happens, I'm a soldier.
"This is a tough order, but I'm afraid I'm clever."
It seems to be reluctant, but in that he is in the eaves of the Ashikaga clan's ambitions and secretly burns my ambitions, he is more like a brother than his master. Moronao hasn't suffered from his younger brother's tongue.
He returned and called out to Fujiyasha in the small room. Immediately after that, I hurried away, but once again, I turned around at the turn of the corridor.
At that time, about ten soldiers brought by Moroyasu were taking her out of Yanagido, biting her body so that she could go even if she was kidnapped. ――I couldn't see Fujiyasha's face or 袂.
In one room, Mr. Taka saw Shiraniyamaru. I read to my side and stared at him.
It was the first time to see it.
As a parent, in the eleventh year.
However, even though I think of this child's father, I don't really feel it.
The same was true for children. I cried for a while because I couldn't see Fujiyasha, but I was soothed, and now I'm rather calm.
When I met my father Gimi, I was probably even practicing. I was able to answer properly. It doesn't look like a regular little tyrant.
"... similar"
Mr. Taka stares at him. It's just like Fujiyasha's maiden days. The only thing that seems to be chilly, somehow nervous, is completely different.
"What do you want to be?"
Mr. Taka asked.
"To the warrior"
After answering
"To the general", fix it,
"I'm also good at bows."
Before being asked, Shichiyamaru said from himself.
"n/a"
Mr. Taka showed as Nico.
I thought this was a better girl than I had imagined. I feel like I'm a little child. At the same time, it has become terribly messy.
There were also Naoyoshi, Umasuke, and Isshiki Penal Department in the seat. The prison department wrinkled his white eyebrows and put his finger on his eyelids. Someday I'm even getting a sob.
There was a messenger of the Chancel 《Gejin》 to such a place.
As promised, the two messengers of Kamakura, who gave the messenger the messenger as a pawnbroker, gave the messenger of the high times.
"I'm in the Onjuku of Yahagi."
I heard that.
Mr. Taka was surprised. I wonder why. I couldn't remember the dismay of affection until the day when Yanagi was challenged from high school, and when he left Senjuou as a quality on the morning of his departure.
"Prison, you know."
"Huh"
"Don't miss it, go to the ambassador's inn and give hospitality to both the messengers Kudo and Minagi. Let's meet Mr. Taka tomorrow."
"Sa .... Temae Hachito"
"Something is wrong"
Then Naoyoshi said from the side.
"Brother. I will be the messenger's servant."
"If you are, it ’s even better."
"When the prison is gone, Shiranya Maru will be lonely, and there may be some disturbing consequences between the Isshiki Party and the Mikawa Party."
"Is there such a sign?"
"Yes. Unlike the ones on the Kamakura table, the people here aren't thinking about humiliating. That's why a round-robin was also held. I'm afraid. It won't fit. Righteousness will come. "
Mr. Taka was silent as he stood up. And his eyes also returned to the face of Shinya in front of him.
[# 3 indentation] Fuwa "Fuwa" Yaburi [# "Fuwa Yaburi" is a middle heading]
By promise.
And, the inn where the two messengers, Sonichi Kudo and Shichiro Minayoshi, who came down to receive the body of Shichiya Maru, was after the old Choja mansion.
The descendants of the elders no longer live. However, in Yahagi's inn, the legend of Ushiwaka and Jorurihime, the love stories of many travelers from ancient times, and the battle story, are still alive like yesterday, and they are still "Hashijo". A group of town prostitutes from Tsuji-kun, who calls him "Hashihime", catches the man at night in the light of the fog, and even the rough warriors are troubled by the ball.
[# Indent two characters from here]
Let's stay long
Azusa bow
Hitomura of the heron "Sagi" in the river of the arrow
[# End of indentation here]
This is a song by Yukiie that looks like "Shinrokucho". This song was also one of the trips to this place, where he had a joyful life.
"No, I'm in the middle of the conquest, and I'm going to visit the busy team."
And the two envoys in Kamakura were afraid.
However, it seems that it is a pity to be pampered with hospitality. It was the gratitude of the people who were pleased with the favor, and both messengers who said that it was nature and travel that floated in the feast.
"Then, let's get deeper and tired of traveling."
And, Naoyoshi, who was attending their entertainment, connected his cousin.
"Mr. Takashi will be appointed again, but if Mikawa is still out of control and the military is crowded, he will be relaxed tomorrow."
"Oh, right. We just need to play the role of you. We look forward to your convenience for a day or two."
Kudo washed the cup and gave it to Naoyoshi, and after receiving Naoyoshi, he set out to return the cup.
"It's been a long time since I was drunk. Good night."
"Oh, the many women you can see here"
"Let's not take care of the rogue parties. I will stop it, so please feel free to do it."
He was also drunk. It's a reception from the evening, and it's close to midnight. However, as soon as he left the gate there, Naoyoshi skipped his horse to Yanagido. There is more than a ri to Honjin Yanagido.
Entering the camp, becoming a warrior of Yanagido's tonoi
When asked, "Denha," he answered that he had been declining with Imakawa, Hosokawa, Kira, and other generals until just now, but he seems to be sleeping. ..
Naoyoshi immediately walked toward the pond. From there to the fields and grove, Kodachi, the swords of each unit are white like a community of flowers.
"...?"
As expected, only the curtain building of the Isshiki Party seems to be a bonfire, a figure, and a mere feeling. He went to it. Looking at him, the warrior rose, who had a long spear handle and was holding the outside,
"Oh, I'm still right. I saw your brother."
The voice was lively, and in the middle of the night, it shook into the wheel of the wheel seat, which had opened the field rating in the middle of the night, and turned the faces of the people there all at once.
The wheel seat was burning. The bonfire also helped the rage, and all the dark circles on the face were red.
Including Isshiki, the generals of the Mikawa party such as Kira, Imagawa, and Ishido were all in the picture, but among the generals of the Soke, only Kono Moronao and Moroyasu could be seen.
"Oh, to a good time"
Everyone was greeted with a courtesy.
Because it was a field rating, there was no upper seat. Naoyoshi broke into the circle, casually cross-legged, and suddenly looked around the silent people.
"Are you rubbing?"
He asked.
"If you do"
The prison department received it, it looked serious 、
"It's a difficult situation. First of all, would you like to tell your brother what happened?"
I urged others.
Yoshikatsu Niki came out for the explanation. ――If you ask about that, it's like this.
The Mikawa Party cannot hand over the youthful body, no matter what. I will never send it to Kamakura.
Already taken by the shogunate's pawnbroker, from Mr. Takewaka, a legitimate child, to Mr. Senju, a real child. Nowadays, Shiraniyamaru-sama here is one of the reserved grains. Would you like to give it to me? From the standpoint of the lord, I don't know if it's in Kamakura, and it's already a field on the way to Joraku. You don't have to be tied up with a deal with authority.
"Turn back messengers, etc."
"No, cut it"
This was the opinion from this evening. And the bloody group of Mikawa people, in arguing, caused a fuss such as hiding the body of Shichiyamaru from others.
Mr. Takashi of Yanagido was probably confused by this. Unfortunately, Uesugi and Hosokawa's two elders had a certain secret on that day and had left somewhere, so Kono Moronao asked for a soothing role and was heading here. .. However, most of the Mikawa parties are not deafening,
"Our ambition is important, but we can't stand the humiliation, and we can't stand such a camouflage for a long time."
And with the same sound of different words, "Ikudoon" and "Take".
"On the round-robin, the ambition is not the one of the lord. There is some bearishness in the lord.
Also said,
"Where did you hide Shiraniyamaru-sama? What you know is that the young party roses were all bloody. We don't know anywhere."
It was a lie, and it was a disposition that I couldn't accept, such as the messenger of the teacher. ――As mentioned above, in response to Yoshikatsu Niki's words, Kono Moronao also appealed to Naoyoshi. --So, Naoyoshi is here, of both hard and soft theory.
Which one would you choose?
It became a pressed shape, and as expected, I kept my eyebrows in my arms.
It was still a long way to go, to take that step.
It can be said that there was a sign that a difficult molecule was contained in the foundation of the future Ashikaga Shogunate. ――Soon, Naoyoshi raised his eyebrows and said something like this.
"Okay, let's do it!"
"Well, what are you going to do?"
In the eyes of Naoyoshi, the teacher who asks back.
"The Mikawa people are all right. Originally, it was a good thing to hit the stone bridge and cross it, but my younger brother sometimes wondered if his indecision was also good. Yes, let's do it! I agree with this indecision not to hand over the Shiraniya Maru. "
When asked, all the Mikawa parties in the wheelchair showed a high scream, "Oh," to this young general's decision. From the beginning, the people of Mikawa were more directly familiar with this younger brother than Mr. Taka, both in negotiations with Soke and in the body of Shichiyamaru.
However, there is no position as a teacher.
"Hey, even the younger brothers have to say that it is difficult for the lord to use words that anoint the fire. In the first place, I have any plans for the two messengers in Kamakura. "
"Kou no Moronao obey me"
"If you like, I will obey"
"Then, I immediately recommend the main team of Yanagido and send the army to the capital.
"I don't know about that, I'm not angry."
"I apologize for the inconvenience later. --- Even at this time, the palace is lying in the sleeping area at Yanagido. Come as Noh. I don't know about it on a daily basis, and can I choose such safety now? "
"I understand that, but before I even come to the capital, what should I do if I show the Ashikaga clan's disappointment?"
"This is right in the middle of the Kaido between Kamakura and the capital. By the time we get to Kamakura, we're on a military trip, Masigura, and we're already in the capital."
"No, there is Omi no Seki on the way."
"Omi no Seki?"
"Don't forget. Why was Sasaki Takauji ordered to return home early?"
"Mmm, if that young entrance is a hindrance, Ibuki's castle will be kicked and passed."
"If you are prepared until then"
"This 4,000 horses. What is it like Sasaki? Rather, he attacks Ibuki and occupies that fortress and the advantage of the land, where my Ashikaga clan from the ancestor Hachimanden is the original source family. Returning to the lord, Toryo, defeating the evil Hojo for many years, and slaying on the side of the Miyakata of the time, if you make it a public "Oyake" to the world, the complaints of Ise, Mino, and Hida There is no doubt that he will fight and come to the party. "
I was proud of Naoyoshi. I was gradually fascinated by my own words.
Besides, all the Mikawa parties showed their feelings toward him and asked for his help, so Naoyoshi took all command on the spot.
That is, Yoshikatsu Niki, Tsunamaru Ishido, and Daigo Hatakeyama immediately headed to the inn where the two envoys of Kamakura were staying, and suddenly set fire to the night, while all the other Mikawa parties. , With the army outside the Honjin Yanagido, almost forcibly,
"Don, I'm looking forward to your second visit. I hope you will come to this place immediately."
And called out to each other.
"Teacher, teacher"
Mr. Taka, who had left the sleeping quarters immediately, was not in a sleeping appearance. He was wearing mononogu and other equipment.
"Den"
As he ran, Moronao quickly told him the reason for the matter. That said, Mr. Taka wasn't astonished. However, I was a little disappointed at the rippling darkness of the army, which was already preparing to launch, all around Yanagido.
"Naoyoshi is"
To answer that question, the soldiers were squeezed out from the downstairs of the rim, without taking any measures to answer the question.
"I'm here," he showed up.
"My brother, apology, will be caught on the way ahead. Anyway, let's have a good time."
"No, don't panic. What's wrong, you should come here first."
"Footwear, forgiveness"
Naoyoshi went upstairs and knelt down.
"I'm surprised by the water in my ears, but as Mr. Moronao just said, I can't really agree with the words from the people in Mikawa."
"Moreover, if you agree with that, you can't stop."
"Things here"
"No way, the world is Gekokujo, Mr. Taka is also Arakoma's back, and he will be shaken off with poor reins. Was it? "
"Kudo, Minagi's two messengers and below, all of the companions were all alone, and I said that I should defeat them."
"Plan, plan"
Mr. Taka scolded for the first time.
"A party of helpless messengers, if not, let's keep them in prison somewhere in Hazu until the day we enter Rakuchu."
"In this case, I haven't taken such a lukewarm means .... Oh, the fire has risen over there."
"Is that the hand of fire?"
"Then, the messengers will take a deep drink for more than half a night, and let's pull out while hugging the prostitute. Suddenly, Niki and Hatakeyama were attacked by the night battle, and the fire was set on fire. No one can escape. My brother sees that flame as a gate of good luck. "
"Shinya Maruha"
"Don't worry. About 100 members of Shibata Takatsune's Roh party are guarding us, and we're already going to Yatsuhashi no Yado."
At one point, Mr. Taka didn't say anything. After being struck by Moronao and Naoyoshi, he eventually became a horseman.
He said that it is now a world of Gekokujo. I've seen and heard many examples from the world and other families on a daily basis, but the Ashikaga clan, who stands on the local subdivisions, was not an organization outside the times. Unless you are prepared to ride the rough pieces of the people with good heart, doing things in the world can only be a dream. Mr. Taka seemed to have inscribed this in [# "Kimo" as an emphasis mark].
Mr. Taka silently rushed the horse ahead. The entire army continues to flow out. However, Naoyoshi was still in the army, and the next morning, after seeing that Niki and Hatakeyama had achieved their purpose, he chased the main army.
The high-ranking army of the main army camp at Narumi, but before dawn, they have already stood there, and the morning food of soldiers and horses, Asa ga Kita, has arrived at Atsuta.
Naoyoshi caught up here.
Roughly report to my brother about the disposition of Yahagi 《Yahagi》
"It will be a few days before the strangeness of the messenger | murder" becomes known to Kamakura. Also, when the rebellion "Muhon" became a public "Oyake", it is elite here. The four thousand horses have the palace up and are enthusiastic about the fireball. Don't worry. "
He had already licked the blood of the cruel blood festival and encouraged his brother with a terrible intonation.
Mr. Taka laughed a little
I just asked, "Yes."
The younger brother may not be able to look like the general of "Burari Koma" because he lacked a decision and was afraid somewhere.
However, from the perspective of Mr. Taka, it is a little unpleasant. Naoyoshi and all the staff, ambitions, muhon, and that alone, nothing else is visible anymore.
The spirit of the fireball is important, but what only the army of Hachiku will do. Mr. Taka saw distant difficulties.
Already there.
Before leaving Yahagi, Norifusa Uesugi and Kazuuji Hosokawa had disappeared from his side. The two were in a hurry to Kyo because of Mr. Taka's intention.
It and this, his chest calculation would have been in an unknown busy gale 《Hayate》. Also, the march was steep from Atsuta to the west of the night.
According to the military diary, it marched between Ichinomiya, Ogaki, and Tarui in less than four days, and at the end of the day, Sunomata even went to the rainy weather.
However, while looking at Sekigahara, when I came to Nogami Nogami,
"It's not just a thing"
Then, the spectator group who had been running ahead turned over and informed the middle army in a hurry.
"A suspicious large army is desired from Mt. Matsuo to the highlands of Fuwa no Seki. I'm sick of preparing for it. "
For this reason, Mr. Taka's soldiers were temporarily forced to stay around Nogami.
"Ibuki soldier?"
"That's Sasaki."
The whole army, who was sickened by murder, glared at one moment with a voice. However, Mr. Taka ordered a rest and himself connected the piece to Nogami Kannon-do.
Naoyoshi immediately rushed to the front of Mr. Taka's floor, behind the generals of the Mikawa Party. The first rub with Sasaki was something that had been expected for some time. Moreover, the event of Yahagi is also an honor at the key point of the Kaido, and if you hear it early, you may have already grasped it.
"Anyway"
Naoyoshi was also a word that encouraged his brother.
"I'm not prepared, but Sasaki Takauji, who seems to have been suspicious of our quest, immediately ordered a match, and immediately gave an army congress."
Then, Mr. Taka replied.
"What is it for?"
I was angry. The face of Naoyoshi is an unspeakable color.
"For what, brother, what are you looking at the imminent urgency?"
"There is no such thing as vulnerable."
"It's a long time. That lineup of praise for Sasaki is clearly proud to go to us."
"But where is the law that we have to fight honor?"
"Shhh, are you still coming with such a lukewarm idea?"
"Ashikaga Tadayoshi"
Mr. Taka is a little squeezed.
"It's a little quiet. I thought I knew it well from a young age as a younger brother, but I hope you're away from Kamakura, and you're a little different from the direct righteousness."
"There is no difference"
"No, when I take care of myself, I come up with something I don't even know. I'll tell you here."
"What is it?"
"The unscrupulous violence that I did with Yahagi has been humbled since then.
"Are you telling me to be patient? Now, even in the face of such difficulties."
"I'm not patient. Just to get what you want, you have to endure everything and think far away."
"But if you're lingering, you'll be honored, and you'll have a Kamakura debater from behind. We're stuck here. There's nothing but self-destruction."
"What kind of"
While showing the cheeks in Japanese style.
"I and honor have been a decade of fellowship. During that time, we were often entangled with each other, but in short, they were all trivial things, not enough to be a grudge. I have never seen him as an enemy. Honor is probably not the belly of Takauji as a lifelong enemy. "
"Oh, my brother's eyes are wrong."
"Is it wrong? It's clear now. It's kind of like a man-to-man play, but this is a last-minute showdown. white to him, Kimedokoro of the game of a lifetime. "
"Therefore, he also cuts off the unbreakable path, reminds me of my Ashikaga, and is proud of his loyalty to Kamakura .... Anyway, the terrain is also disadvantageous here. To another good place "
"Useless, useless, rather retreat as far as half a ri."
"Are you retiring?"
"Yes, Mr. Taka himself will go to Ibuki's castle before that."
"eh"
As a gaku.
"What is it * [# question mark exclamation mark, 1-8-77]"
"Greetings"
"To honor"
"Shibasa"
"...?"
Naoyoshi was so tired that he couldn't speak. I was annoyed at the beginning, and my brother said that he had changed himself, but he is doing something wrong. Is it a sane word now?
Not only he but also the generals who were present were stunned, but Mr. Taka quickly got the Kosho warrior to take care of him, wiped off the armor, put on a belly band and a haori coat, and hot water again. As soon as I scratched the pickles and finished, I called Kono Moronao to the wet edge of Kannon-do.
What was ordered?
Moronao was a terribly astonished Yoko, and eventually he retired from the front of Mr. Taka. And
"Your brother! The palace is back again."
And, I screamed between the horse crowds nearby.
"Oh, did you hear from the lord?"
"I asked"
"What do you think"
"I don't really understand what you mean. It's like picking up chestnuts in the fire when you go to Ibuki and talk with your honor. I tried to say foolishness to share it with each other. "
"No"
"Without picking up, you can get dressed at the edge of Haya Kannon-do, and you can have a small number of people. I'm sorry to say that I'll take the one from "Isayamaru Oyako" and immediately put it on my litter and add it to my companion. "
"What did you take with Shichiya Maru .... No, did you say that you were called Shichiya Maru mother and child?"
"I doubted my ears, and when I asked him back, he said again with his sharp eyebrows ... and once and for all."
"Well, what's wrong with my brother, Anija? I didn't usually think of him as a brother who lost his thoughts due to this difficulty."
"No, there are some unexpected details. Do you know why Fujiyasha's body was taken by his younger brother, Kono Moroyasu, in the army? "
The appearance of the two standing up was visible from the Kannon-do, or the Kosho warrior came over and
"Mr. Naoyoshi, I'm calling. I'm angry about why Kono Moronao shouldn't be quick."
I shouted.
"Oh, I'm home"
Suddenly the two were separated to the left and right, and one of the teachers came to the corps of Shiba Takatsune, who was standing on the edge of the post station.
"Put your youth on your litter and immediately join Momoi's companion."
And, with the life of Mr. Taka, and with his feet, he met his younger brother, Kono Moroyasu, and talked about the details.
"Woman's wisteria, probably wondering where to go, I'll ask you various reasons, and you'll be terrified of your make-up, but I'm already waiting for you. I don't know either my brother or I. It's just a urgent life.
It was fresh.
Moroyasu didn't know why, and it was abrupt. However, when I heard that he was the main man, I went to the gate of a private house. Soon after, Fujiyasha, who had just taken a rest while being cared for by a soldier, was put on his litter again and came out to come and go.
At that time, Mr. Taka left the forest of Kannon-do, and with Tadatsune Momoi as his head, with only four or fifty people, he was already slowly walking down the highway toward Fuwa no Seki. There are only a few samurai on horseback with him. --The catch-up teacher Nao sent Fujiyasha's litter to the number of Momoi. Another Shiranya Maru's litter was also in the line earlier.
Mr. Taka turned around. It seems that he knew that he had two litters behind him. At the same time, the piece leg showed a slightly small bullet and hurried to Fuwa.
Naoyoshi, Moronao, Moroyasu, and many faces couldn't help but just see off the line away.
“…………”
“…………”
Relievedly, when the sigh 《Toiki》 flowed, the line became smaller and Mr. Taka's figure disappeared.
Returning to me, Moronao.
"I'm sorry for the inconvenience! There is no choice but to retire from the entire army and just wait for the safe return of the palace."
"stupid"
Naoyoshi turned his ears red.
At last, I couldn't help but go to the honor of Ibuki, and my brother went out in a costume that could be perceived by the other party as having fallen in the downwind. Weakness didn't make him sick.
"Kono Moronao. I was told to dismiss the army, but I don't like it. My brother, Anija, is looking at Sasaki Takauji in the first place. No, I'm afraid! It ’s the top of the kana! ”
"I can't say that, I can't help it. Even though this teacher's straightening was delicious, I didn't listen to him today."
"Anyway, it's just a matter of retiring from the camp. Rather, go forward. And prepare for more than 4,000 horses, three hands in the middle of the highway, and always show the spirit of rubbing Fuwa, Ibuki, etc. Rather, that would be much more of a brother's strength. "
From Nogami 《Nogami》 to Fuwa, it was only a little over a ri.
Under the command of Naoyoshi, the entire army was pushed forward, approaching Mt. Matsuo, where the flag of Sasaki and the shadow of the soldiers were desired, just below Fuwa.
During this time. Mr. Taka could not know the movement afterwards, and he went to the bottleneck of Fuwa no Seki, which was squeezed between mountains, to Okitozaka, and to Tadatsune Momoi, who was the head of the mountain.
"Tadatsune Momoi, make a statement to Kido"
It was nice to say.
Naotsune went to the side of the fence with just one horse, and said that this was Mr. Ashikaga Matataro Takashi himself and that he wanted to see Sasaki-den.
In Sasaki, we had a distant view, but there were few companions, and two litters? It seems that he was suspicious and was hiding the sound.
A military commander appeared from Sekiya near the fence gate. And with Naoto, a few responses,
"Wait for a while"
I jumped on a horse and ran away out of nowhere.
It seems that it was very surprising. You can see it in a hurry of the military commander. It seems that I was surprised to find out that Ashikaga-den was unmistakable.
Where was Sasaki Takauji at times?
No matter what his floor was, he must have been surprised at the messenger. The military commander returned to the fence gate. And we welcomed Mr. Taka.
"Come on .... I'm in the Ibuki mansion, but I've sent a messenger there, so please go to the Ibuki gate."
Ibuki's castle is still in the depths of a ri from Fuwa to the north. Mr. Taka had deep memories of the trees on the side of the road and Ibuki looking up. It was the eleventh year to pass here. ――That was the 18-year-old spring when I went to see the city. On the way back to Japan, Ibuki's castle spent an unforgettable night.
[# 3 indentation] Spill needle [# "Spill needle" is the middle heading]
The jinhaori is a brilliant sword that is studded with silver shavings and vermilion red fruits from the snowy southern sky. And he doesn't use a helmet, he is his favorite honorable hat.
"Oyata, take a shortcut. Go through the road."
"There are still some places in the swamp where the snow has disappeared."
"I don't care, I don't care"
The horse of honor was later.
Tago 《Tago》 Daiyata's Ikki who flies ahead reverses the shadow and sinks into the sparse forest of the swamp.
Hayakawa ｜ The main courtiers such as Shuzen and Tamiya Genba were separated from each other and chased after their masters.
The road is in the direction from Fuwa no Fence to the Hokkoku Highway, but the main road is now headed from Fuwa to Ibuki Castle by a line of Ashikaga Takauji's masters and slaves.
The honor was also upset.
He set up a shogi in the highlands of Fujikawa, and on this day, while looking far below the Ashikaga army that he had already known from the information, he secretly contained a cruel smile. However, in the moment when I didn't see the expected confrontation "Taiji", I was informed that "Mr. Taka himself came to this with a small number like a single horse".
"Well, really?"
It was surprisingly loud.
No matter how confused and upset Mr. Taka was, he would not be able to make a blind attack here. Perhaps his younger brother | Naoyoshi or Moronao will offer something as a messenger. The honor was at that time. I have free to play with, and I have a life-killing robbery. With that in mind, he thought about the future plan, and he had a plan for him.
"The one who comes by himself is the one who has no open-mindedness. He says that he has two more litters in a line, but who is it?"
Therefore, it seems that he intends to wait for him at Ibuki's mansion, beyond Mr. Takauji, but his actions and intentions are still, and he can be said to be Nue itself. One | Face "Men" Kyoukatsu "Dokatsu", one side flexible, it is really strange that you can feel the psychology that is always more impressive when it comes to Mr. Takashi's stage.
"I can't see it yet"
Looking at the Ibuki no Yakata, the honor loosened the pieces and turned to the Hokkoku Highway from the mouth of the outer Kuruwa, which entered the deep forest.
"Oyata. You're here to help me pick you up. Line up your soldiers and greet them with a spear."
"I'm happy"
"In addition, Genbu Tamiya waits for Mr. Taka at the Yakura Gate of the second Kuruwa, and let him go to the Daishoin of Honmaru, away from all the offerings."
After finishing the procedure one by one, the honor disappeared into the depths of the hall. ――Tokai and Kamakura are already in the heat of light heat, but Ibuki's hem is finally spring, and the treble of the robin is a little chilly in the depth of the green. It was about.
"Main set, main set"
Honor was called from his room,
"Isoi de Sake Ichi | * [# Instead of the" heart "of" grudge "," plate ", 3rd level 1-88-72]" Wan ""
I ordered, and before that, I took off the armor with the handmaiden's hand and changed to the usual delicate figure "Kashasugata". And silver * [# "Dish" instead of "heart" of "grudge", 3rd level 1-88-72] "Ginwan" When you drink a glass of sake, you can take a side breath as a pillow.
"Soon, a customer who claims to be Ashikaga will come. If you do, let him wait, saying that he is taking a nap now."
I ordered the samurai women and put a fan on their faces.
It seems that he was tired, but he wasn't really willing to sleep. The face of honor lying down is thinking under the fan.
Of course, he also had the "Cheonhado" that he drew. I know the importance of Ibuki Omi, who is in the midst of Fengyun, and Ibuki Omi, who is located in the whirlpool of Fengyun. No, the coming of such an era is also him who was sensitively watching the current trends earlier than anyone else.
"The day of the division of the world has finally arrived. For this honor, is this the division of life?"
It was only two days ago that he finally realized.
Norifusa Uesugi and Kazuuji Hosokawa, accompanied by a few servants, hurriedly crossed Fuwa no Seki to the west.
"suspicious?"
Seeing that, he was made to follow by a brilliant housekeeper, and to find out what purpose and where he was going.
However, until now, a clear and clear proof of Ashikaga has reached his ears. From the swordsman who had been sprinkled at the Kaido no Yado station, he told him about the messenger in Yahagi | Usatsu, and so on, with Hayauma.
"Finally, did you do it?"
He is not surprised. Immediately, he closed the Fuwano fence and strengthened the border. For Kamakura, this is a natural measure. It is no wonder to the eyes of the four neighbors that it responded brilliantly to the loyalty to the time of high authority.
It seems that his eyes were not clear and he had a different outlook. ――In other words, at the same time as Mr. Taka, the position of the Nagoshi Owari Moritaka family, who was appointed by the Shogunate as the fourth general general, had not yet crossed the west.
The Nagoshi army is scheduled to leave Kamakura a few days later than Mr. Taka. ――If so, even if Mr. Taka is prepared for a battle and comes to Fuwano Fence, the army of Nagoshi Owari Mamoru will arrive from behind immediately. Mr. Taka has fallen into self-destruction.
If that happens, it means that Mr. Taka has no luck. I am
"A person who quickly defeats Ashikaga's Muhon to its outbana [#" emphasis mark "]"
Let's dust Kamakura with Gong and watch the situation in the world for a while. The honor was in the undefeated camp, no matter which way he fell. ――The only miscalculation he had was that he wasn't a messenger, and that Mr. Taka himself came to this in a straightforward manner.
However, if this happens, the interview with Mr. Taka is no longer the interview with Mr. Ichitaka. The fate of my life must also be confronted today. It's also the eleven years of emotions, affairs, and all the financial results with him. From 11 years ago to the present day, it is the unfathomable thin pockmark [# "emphasis mark"]. Creepy is creepy anyway. In that case, it is not necessarily the case that you do not have a fee such as a stab at the other party.
"... Isn't Ashikaga yet?"
I didn't mind sleeping in the sky, so I removed the fan on my face, and my honor suddenly lifted my shoulders.
The maid who was in the next room
"No, finally"
I answered that.
"The vassals have just told the Daishoin, and I am waiting for you alone."
Mr. Taka was sent to the Daishoin. There is no tea confectionery as it is. I was alone with Jakuzen.
Ibuki in late spring was still fresh with the awakening of the little birds. Perhaps he was swelling when he saw the snow in the folds of the distant mountains, and he couldn't help but feel the skin on the ceiling here. Also, outside the forest of the outer Kuruwa around the large garden, the sword spear of a soldier who looks like frost flickers from time to time. I felt like I was in the enemy.
"Oh, it's the same as it was then. Nature hasn't changed at all."
Mr. Taka recalls 11 years ago. --It was the 18-year-old spring 11 years ago.
On the way, I learned that Sasaki Takauji was honored, and I think that the room I passed through for the first time was this Daishoin even on that day when I was welcomed by this Ibuki castle overnight.
"Is that honor a strange connection?"
If not, it ’s good,
"Is it a bad relationship?"
The public and private, front and back, various things with him up to today are entwined in the thread of recollection. But today, my lips were bitten. On Mr. Taka's shoulders, the ups and downs of Ashikaga's 4,000 generals and their families were now hanging. My heart and body are stiff. -Noticing, he quietly soothed his breath. And with the words of his teacher, Kazuhisa Soseki, in mind, Hitomi narrowed down to half-eyed cancer.
“…………”
Chira and Honor had already shown the end of the hakama at the mouth of the corridor. However, looking at Mr. Taka's appearance, it seemed to be a little suspicious. It may have been confusing because Mr. Taka, who had drawn Sadame, Manako Moranran, and the one that was rigid, was different from the plan.
"I'm sorry for Sasaki. Thank you for waiting."
"O"
Mr. Taka turned his knees slightly and
"It's been a long time"
And returned a nod. And in the appearance of the other party,
"Soon after, I visited him in his camp, but I'd like to ask for your forgiveness."
"No, it's a matter of course that Gohen is always ready, and I'd like to have a formal dress of honor. I heard that he's coming because he hasn't slept because of the unbreakable consolidation. When I suddenly became a hand pillow until I could see it, no, I forgot the time, and it was a really rude work. "
It seems that the honor hinted at his position with a lot of leeway. Mr. Taka noticed his laughing mole. I'm looking down. It was an eye that the superior gave the weak a cousin to remind them of their weaknesses.
"Well, which Ashikaga do you use today?"
"The messenger has no heart"
"Well, it's a light thing. The general himself."
"That's right, if you don't even ask me to come in."
"Well, wait, I'll tell you a word before I can't use my hands. I've closed the Fuwa no Fence Saku from Akatsuki. This is Omi's guardian, Kamakura. I'm sorry if you're talking to Ashikaga, but if you're going through a bow and arrow, that's a different story. "
"What's the bow and arrow?"
Mr. Taka's lips, which he said, were reflected in his eyes as if he was a smile of an inevitable challenge for the honorable one. So Honor once again said, without a break.
"Oh, if you can go through anything in Ashikaga, go through!"
"No, not so much"
Mr. Taka clarified on the contrary by exchanging the halberd of the other party.
"I don't mind going out myself. I asked him if he didn't even know the name of Kamakura-den's deputy, or Takatoki-ko."
"What are you doing now?"
"Actually, I brought a person who wanted to keep it with me. Ichiko | Oyashirazu Maru" Isayamaru "."
"What is it supposed to be entrusted to this person? What does that mean?"
"To hostage"
"To hostage"
"It's suspicious, but in fact, on the day of the military affairs, I was told that Shichiyamaru should also be handed over to the messenger .... Why Takashi's secret child of Mikawa? I don't know about that, only if Takatoki knows it. "
"... Ashikaga"
The honor was cut back with a temperament like pulling out the blade of the spleen belly << Hibara >> that was stabbed.
"It was this one that I heard. When something went wrong. Was that bad for you?"
"Well, yesterday has passed yesterday. Today I just sent the pawn" Chishi "to our castle .... The child was raised in the countryside on the 11th of this year, and his body is also weak. I'm a good person. Even if it's troublesome, I'd like to keep it until the day when I can return it. "
"It's a mistake. Why do you know the honor, such as the pawn? You should give it to the messenger of Kamakura."
"However, as you may have heard, at Yahagi no Yado, a person with that hand had a night debate at the messenger's inn, and the whole party was there. Depending on the absence "
It's like a boring story at all. Honor was glancing at my head. Isn't this really a fool? The signs of bluntness have been around for a long time, but I don't know if they were interpreting them in good faith, rather like a large instrument. When I thought about it, Mr. Taka's thin pockmark [# "emphasis mark on" light pockmark "] suddenly looked ridiculous.
"What do you want to say?"
And, the honor is to make the inner excitement explicit.
"--What kind of fee is it for Yahagi? I don't know what kind of fee it is. I heard it in Hayauma. Ashikaga made all the messengers of Kamakura-den, apparently Ashikaga. "
"If so, it was Mr. Taka's mischief that made such carelessness in the middle of the Kaido. However, my Ashikaga 5,000 horses were a leopard army. Gun's patience, bloodiness, and the momentum of the broken bamboo, I can't help but ... It's an honor, it's really scary. The desires of the thirsty samurai now .-- Probably. It seems that all the samurai who are not in the world are the same. "
"Then ... then, does Gobe find himself in the Kamakura-den?"
"No way. People didn't know it, and they must have known it. There's no point in hiding it."
Mr. Taka is still quiet.
"It's hard to say that when Mr. Taka really heard it, he suddenly became angry. When it comes to overturning the world, there is more than Mr. Taka and others. I was a senior one day earlier. "
"Say a fool," he said, regaining his composure, though his honor was fierce. "... Haha, I was struck by the Mikawa Party, and although I stood up to my ambitions, I came here from the bankruptcy of Yahagi, and I had no choice but to get stuck. I'm lost in blood. "
"That's Mr. Sasaki, it seems to be there."
"Ashikaga, this is the castle of Ibuki."
"Is it that the warrior is hidden in the warrior hiding? Yes. If you are afraid of hearing, you can move to another seat. There was a teahouse in the far corner of the large garden .... 11 years Before, when I was having trouble overnight, I went to the teahouse there for tea. "
"What about it"
"Forget it? Did you intend to have your vassals stand around the outside of the teahouse and embrace this Takashi? That is important with Hino | Toshimoto" and Ason "Ason". He revealed the secret, and it was said that the imperial court secretly sought to subdue the shogunate. "
“…………”
"Soon, it became a strange thing in the middle. I saw that the people of Miyakata were slashed, swept away, and made a terrible sacrifice, but the name of Sasaki Takauji did not come out."
"It shouldn't come out, that's not the case."
"How different"
"It was until I tried to get Mr. Joraku's Matataro Takashi without permission this year."
"Then, that's okay. But last year, when you sent the Oki Islands to the Emperor Go-Daigo, while you were escorting from prison, you made a service" Hoji "."
"Samurai no Sasuke"
"Then, it was the samurai who slashed the Genchu ​​Nagon Tomoyukikyo from Rokuhara to Kamakura at the foot of Ibuki. The night before, at the inn of Echigawa in the Aichi River, I was pleased with the samurai, and I was sick of it. Hahaha. "
Mr. Taka suddenly made a ridiculous voice, and in a tone that seemed to throw everything away, he dropped one elbow and shoulder to one knee of the cross-legged.
"Hey, Sasaki-den, no, I'm calling you Sasaki. Let's take off the belly band at the bottom of the belly. There are also people in our house who are digging. Instead, those who are breathing in there are also in the Ashikaga clan's small pool. It's five minutes and five minutes, everything up to this point is five minutes, and everything is go for both of them. It's like "Go" or "Sugou" Roku, it was a struggle to reach a true acquaintance .... How about Sasaki? "
“…………”
"No, I won't pick it up. I thought I knew Mr. Taka, so I stopped by on a hurry to get a share of the world on another day, but I didn't get on the story. No way. I'm a regrettable man, but do you wait for self-destruction? "
Mr. Taka turned away to the garden, showing that there was still plenty of room to say. At one point, the eyes seemed to shine. The light of the spear is constantly walking far away in the dark trees where the sun has settled someday. Thanks to the bran hidden by the warrior, there were a few small noises. But the honor forgot that and his breath. I was just staring at the profile in front of me.
If you think about it, you can kill it. If you try to catch it alive, you will be caught alive. Now it will be an honor.
Mr. Taka cannot feel the danger. But it's as if I didn't feel it. --I'm looking into the garden. It's extremely dangerous.
For Mr. Takashi, he may have already been in a hurry since he came here. But then why did you bring Shiranyamaru "Isayamaru"? Did you propose to leave Ichiko Oyashirazu Maru as a pawnbroker?
"Ashikaga"
It was soon. Honor also abandon him.
And, with a voice that seemed to be crushed by the throat, the body that was stubbornly flexible was sticking out to the front with the knees.
"Oh, honor"
Mr. Taka also looks straight at him.
The honor was taken as the honor. I was sticky and never let go of my opponent. In addition, it seems that he is trying to identify the things in the depths. At times like this, it's normal for a human like him to be unbearable for a long time, but Mr. Taka was fluffy. It was the honor that made the pupil flicker first.
"Ashikaga, Ashikaga"
"What?"
"Is there a chance of winning?"
"What to do without"
"Even if it's mellow, the other party is the shogunate of the world."
"It's known"
While having a soft face that sucked in people, Mr. Taka was playing with ridicule 《Yayu》.
"Is it scary, honor?"
"If it's not scary, it's a lie, isn't it a big gambling?"
"No, the dice have already been thrown into this body. There is no fear after being thrown. If you get angry, you'll know that. Even a person "
“…………”
"I will never tell you to go out to the battlefield of Kinai. Just keep Takashi's pawn, Chishi, in this place, so keep yourself in Ibuki and look at me with an unfamiliar face. . Do the work that Mr. Taka does. "
"Is that okay?"
"Let's make it a great achievement that surpasses any merit. I'm sure that it will be a great achievement at a later date. Also, the reason why Mr. Taka came to ask for a pawn today is to dispel the doubt. For the second time, the army of Nagoshi Owari Mamoru, who is approaching Fuwa soon after, is skillfully and foolish, with no rebellion in Ashikaga, with the proof of the pawnbroker Shichiyamaru It ’s because I want you to
“…………”
"It's a bruise for a long time, but in the next ten days, there will be some people from the Kanto field who will turn over the rebellion. It's better to earn the time until then."
"Well, from the fields of the eastern country?"
"Mu. Nitta started. Nitta Yoshisada of Kozuke Province is also far away from Ashikaga and his ancestor's house. Oru .-- After that, in the same prestigious Genji, only our family, but Nitta also sees that there is no way that a wise place can step on here. Also, Mr. Taka, who has been looking at him for ten years, is the honor of Sasaki, and he came here with a firm belief in that person.
The honor was suddenly hungry. Mr. Taka really believes in me! It was Yoko who believed in him too.
Otherwise. ――There is no reason for Mr. Taka to go to a feat such as coming to this alone. Also, there is no idiot who brings my child to the pawnbroker from us.
In all of this, Mr. Taka, who was open-minded, was gradually struck by the foolishness itself, which had great utility value.
Alright, let's give it a favor here. Let him proceed as he wishes, and let him do all the rough work of the defeat. And the harvest is not slow even if you devise a way to get it in your hands. --He immediately thought so. I was not confident in the military, but I was confident in that person.
"Ashikaga!"
Suddenly, the honor has risen,
"There is something to show"
I walked in front of the wall.
When I pushed it, one end of the wall opened like a sack door, and I saw three warriors holding a sword, bent like a leopard in a cage. .. They were confidant servants, Daiyata Tako, Shuzen Hayakawa, and Genbu Tamiya.
They were in a hurry due to the sudden act of the lord,
"Ah?"
And, with a dazzlingly humiliating face, he frowned,
"Leave"
And, without any shame, the honor ordered them easily and chased them away. And he went to Mr. Taka as if to show it as a proof.
"I don't call it Chishi, but the Shiraniya Maru that I brought with me. I'm sure it's honorable!"
"Oh, can you accept it? If you find out that you've made a silent contract with our family, your morale will continue to rise. Then, immediately call Shichiya Maru to this."
"No, wait. I'm sorry for the future, but if that happens, I'll give you a sign of one | Why don't you send a courier to the camp and let the ally who is rubbing your mind pass through to Fuwa immediately, and Koyo is ordered to camp by Kashiwabara, who is close by. "
In Kashiwabara, there is an honorary wife and child's house. Forgiving Ashikaga's station there is not a friendly favor, even if it is a sign of his cooperation. Is it an attempt to show Mr. Takauji the honor of having a large amount of money?
In any case, a breakthrough was finally seen. Mr. Taka read the younger brother of his companion, Tadatsune Momoi, Naokazu, and included the details as "Komagoma".
"Hurry up"
I went to Nogami.
Actually, he was also justified, and he wasn't worried if the blood of the Mikawa Party had no choice but to do anything.
At the same time, the life of honor was distributed to the unbroken soldiers. ――If you take those commands, the honor will be taken while you are in the thatched-roof teahouse after you move your seat. Then, while drinking alcohol with Mr. Taka, he finally entered into a confidential discussion.
――Although it was already dark, there was no voice from inside asking for a light. And just because of the wall of Mizuya Zakai, there was a woman who was crouching from a while ago. The woman's white profile was clear in the darkness, like a spilled needle.
"Don't drink well"
Even the honor was amazing to see Mr. Taka's drinking. Mr. Taka gave a red haze to the front,
"It must be delicious"
And, it was a bullet.
"I've gotten a lot better than that time."
"Goodbye. After 11 years, Mr. Taka will grow up a little. And when I go to Ibuki, I want to get drunk for some reason. In the meantime, it's a happy day because the story of Ichiren Takusho is sick. There is no doubt that the deliciousness of sake is good, but honor, are you bad? "
"No, I'm drinking"
"The story should be done."
"Sure, I'm done."
"Then, drink your body softly. If Mr. Takauji exposes the corpse to Nozue without martial arts, he will give it to you as an honor."
"What are you doing?"
"The rest of the world"
"If you can't take it yet. Ahahaha, this looks a little in a good mood."
"Um, I'm in a good mood."
Mr. Taka buried his big, nodding neck with his collar, but before long, he raised his face with a rainbow-like breath and looked at the opponent with a grin.
"That's right! Let's stop the skin calculation of the world that we haven't taken yet. Rather, it's definitely here, one man named you, one stupid man named me. So two people. There is something I want to do with just a relationship. "
"what"
"Come on. Don't make such a good face. I've refused, the story of the secret alliance is already discontinued. From now on, I'm going with a fellowship of foolishness and foolishness. I want to advance to the gift I have something. Can you accept it? "
"Let's get it, horse or sword?"
"It's not like that. It's beautiful and lovely. It's both you and me .... but I took it with all my might."
"Whatever it is"
"It's Fujiyasha"
"eh?"
"There is no way this can happen. Originally, it was the Dengaku princess that we had, and the bud that you wanted to bloom secretly. The flower 11 years ago. It's like a thief came to return it. It's a fading color with flowers, but I saw that there was still plenty of miso. "
"Is that okay? ... and that's my chest."
"Hahaha," said Taka, with a self-deprecation as if he were listening to his voice in the distance.
"It doesn't matter whether it's good or bad, Mr. Taka lost. After all, he was in love with a terrible obsession. There is no Zama [#" Emphasis mark "! "
"No, this is also"
And, the honor was hidden in a very rushed color, and he laughed and retired to the big picture.
"Similarly, there is no zama [#" emphasis mark "]. However, it may be better to have a room with flowers that is more fashionable than the one that the misogyny has. The flowers must be fluffy. "
At that time, the early footsteps of the warrior were approaching here. Knowing that, the shadow of the woman who was hiding in the Mizuya of the teahouse quickly disappeared into the sledding forest behind like a creature in the field.
[# 3 indentation] Yaksha "Yasha" and a man "Man" [# "Yaksha and a man" is a middle heading]
The guest hall of Nishi Kuruwa is called "Ume no Maru". It was because it was all a plum garden after the front yard.
At night when there were guests in the guest hall, the lights were lit in the hanging lanterns-there was a light that looked like a series of beads. ――But there were no people coming and going in the corridor, and there were lights, so it seemed even lonelier than usual at night.
Then now. --From a distant woodland, a sledge-like object like Asuka passes through the large garden, and the water sledges at the northern end of the guesthouse are in the lower house. 》 It seemed to hide under the eaves. However, nothing changed as it was, and I fell asleep somewhere [# "Sleeping" as an emphasis mark] The bush warbler screamed, and the water shop door rattled there, and when the cold air of the mountain was gone, inside. I just felt like I went to.
"Sauce?"
Among the shoji screens in the water room, one of the servants said. However, it seems that it seemed like a mischief of a wild fox flying squirrel [# "Musasabi" as an emphasis mark]. In addition, the dazzling light and the playful voice are confined as before.
However, in the black lower corridor that leads to the back, there was clearly a wet footstep. -It seems that the person washed his feet outside and went in quietly. Eventually, as she reached deep into the curved hallway of the guesthouse, she sat in a room for a while, with her shoulders and knees crumbled.
It was Fujiyasha.
As soon as I arrived at Ibuki Castle in the daytime, I was always accompanied by Tadatsune Momoi, and she was in the guesthouse here with Shichiyamaru << Isayamaru >>.
However, for her, this was a place that could be called her hometown. I knew every corner of the castle without permission. Even though Tadatsune Momoi kept a watch on the table, it wasn't any restraint.
On top of that.
When I came here and was blown by the feeling of Sanran here, her maiden sexuality was revived. Originally, the blood from her roots, which was a girl of Dengakumura in Tarakumura, was spilled over and regained her original strong life. In any case, Yahagi At Yanagido, she was no longer a weak woman who was just like a woman who was about to die.
"If you die, even if you spend your life ..."
She was biting her lips in the dark, without dripping. When I met Mr. Taka, it was a mere reminder that he had this grudge.
She had just been in the teahouse and listened to the selfish story between the men, Mr. Taka and Honor. No more tears. ――For my ambitions, I hate Mr. Taka, who gives the woman who gave birth to a child to another man as easily as an item, and is the woman's life a toy? That honor, which I only saw like a toy, was even more so. No matter how much I hated it, I couldn't hate it. It was regrettable.
"... Oh, there will be no days when I can have a grudge again after spending a good time. In the morning, the lord is determined to stand in the army."
Fujiyasha stood up soon. The figure can even be seen staggering. Then I moved to a room with a candlestick and opened the mirror lid there.
Soon after, the voice of Tadatsune Momoi was somewhere. As if you were checking the lanterns inside from the outside of the Hosono
"Which is Fuji? Did you come there?"
I'm telling you to remind you.
Fujiyasha was fixing his makeup. He was casually answering with the help of the bamboo blinds, while squeezing the combs and other items.
"Well, this is Fujiyasha. You are."
"Today, I'm sorry for Momoi, the guardian who accompanied me."
"I'm not a sinner, why do I need to be vigilant?"
"No, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. In the unlikely event that I'm afraid, until tomorrow morning, I'm just taking care of the lord, saying that I'll be working hard as a night duty. Nu "
Momoi didn't seem to know anything. But what did Mr. Taka mean by any chance? Fujiyasha immediately challenged the man's ruthlessness and became the flame of Shini.
However, Momoi was still saying without noticing such a girlfriend.
"However, when I was twilight, I was making a noise that I couldn't see him anywhere, so for the sake of my role, I wouldn't do anything malicious, such as keeping an eye on my guard."
"Then, did you look for this body? Hohohoho", intentionally. "I suddenly went out to the garden and had a garden. It was a pain."
"No, it was time for a midnight snack."
"Supper?"
And, a little while later.
"Rather, what is Shichiyamaru doing?"
"In a distant room with the samurai women here, there seems to be no love for playing Sugoroku, etc."
"……so"
And her, it was a deeper voice of loneliness rather than being depressed by her mother's sense of security.
"Which Momoi"
"Huh"
"Where are there paper and rice bran boxes?"
"Let's bring it"
Naotsune retired once, took it again, and went to the side of the bamboo blind.
She kept him waiting and picked up the brush. I finally wrote a short word in a childish, childlike kana character. Then, I sealed it once, but what I thought was, I took out a protective bag at the bottom and looked at it.
――It was 11 years ago, when I first met Mr. Taka here, as a sign of the unchanging contract, Mr. Taka gave her to her. It was the shadow of the Jizo Bodhisattva, which was folded in a brocade similar to the ori-boshi.
"……Ah?"
What surprised me was Naotomo Momoi, who was looking at it from the outside of the bamboo blind, and she herself used a hand-painted brush to suddenly see the statue of the Jizo Bodhisattva. It was mashed black on Monji.
Randomly, fold it into the letter, seal it with a special paper, and then
To the palace
Fujiyasha put it in Momoi's hand and asked for it. For the first time, Momoi knew something unusual in her eyebrows, and finally retired after accepting the agency to Mr. Taka, horribly scared.
On the other hand, the teahouse showed a murderous sake scene that was not like a teahouse because it was too evening. A group of Ko no Moronao and Yoshikatsu Niki came from Kashiwabara to report the start of the show, and with the addition of Sasaki's chief retainer, the two families were united. However, the rigging was boiling.
After all, I was struck by the fact that the top and bottom were integrated and the world was divided.
Mr. Taka
Honor
Actually, only the second one of the different dream same floor "Imudousho" had a slightly different taste. Someday, military affairs were overlooked, and both were as good as drinking generals.
"Already on the top of one"
Both of them seemed to be naked, but it wasn't that they didn't seem to be playing a complicated belly fight when it came to sake.
In response to the honor of tampering with his poisonous tongue, Mr. Takauji was in a state of "gudenguden" [# "gudenguden" as an emphasis mark], and his auntie "Basara" young entrance. It was terribly ridiculous.
Mutual vassals were enthusiastic.
I was wondering if all the precious things would be torn away at once, and I was blown away by the spirit of sake. However, the sparks of the two tongues, "Zetto", became a loud laugh at the moment they looked like sparks, and they all burst into laughter. ――However, just looking at the dangerous sake battle made me feel uncomfortable. The night was dandruff, and while it was safe, the vassals of each other were watching the tide of drawing. ――So, soon after, while being supported by his confidants, he pulled up from the teahouse to the main enclosure with a footstep of Sasaki Takauji. And again, Mr. Taka was constantly being urged to the other sleeping place that was set up.
"No, it's ok. It's okay here, here."
At the same time, he took several books on the bookshelf of the teahouse and put them on his pillow and fell asleep in a big letter.
By all means, the vassals put on the nightwear "things" and gently settled on the cupboard "Haiban", and eventually everyone was preparing for the night camp outside the woodland "Sorin". And it was around the time when such outside noises were quietly turned into loneliness. Mr. Taka suddenly opened his eyes. I was tirelessly looking at what I had taken out of the skirt, holding it over the light of the ear of the bedside, and lying down.
To the palace
And, on top of the seal, Fujiyasha's brush is really young.
A while ago, while the cup was still fluttering, it was gently handed over to him from Momoi through the hands of Kono Moronao.
Do not open the seal
It seemed that he was doing it, but even in the two letters to the palace, it seemed that Fujiyasha's upbringing could be seen as it was. Rather than any beautiful handwriting with a highly educated scent, the childishness of the intellect that can be seen in it has made Mr. Taka's heart merciless. It started to scratch more than that. ――Then, the seal was cut, and when I showed it, I saw not only the terrifying characters, but also the face of the Jizo Bodhisattva, who was black and white [# "Batten").
[# Indent two characters from here]
It's a liar
do you
It's a liar Jizo
I'll do something like this
I'll have a grudge for the rest of my life
Are you dying
You are me
I think i should die
It must be ...
[# End of indentation here]
Fujiyasha's turbulent brush can be read in this sense.
On white paper, the grudge of a woman was scattered like hair loss, and the traces of ink with emotional muki were muddy. However, the plea of ​​the ordinary woman to come to the bank of the plum garden where the two of them met for the first time tonight is also written.
And even at night, I'll be waiting there, and if you don't come, if you're determined to do it, it's just as fierce as a man feels obsessive. He also used the wording as it was in the brush.
“…………”
Finally, after reading it, Mr. Taka was merciful to the woman. He wasn't disgusted or hated, and he was just getting more and more unhappy, making him a sloppy, anguished man.
After all, he also loved Fujiyasha. He would never have remembered that he would concentrate such mercy on a woman and lose his reason. At the moment, I could only see Mr. Taka, who had lost all the time he couldn't fall asleep in the flames raised by the buried vortex fire in himself.
Looking back. It wasn't long after he knew Fujiyasha that his ambitions were settled. --Okibumi, the inscription of Bannaji Temple, kept his youth in the ice until an unknown day.
Behind the life of the unknown humiliation 《Garlic》 betting on that ambition, for a long time he did not allow him the boredom of the day and the relaxation of his mind. It made me forget even a certain life on one side. -There was a wife, and there were as many concubines as there were two, and there was also a burning of libido-that was all. In particular, I have never asked a woman to play a game of being in love and having trouble with her feelings. That part remained icy to this day. Tonight, I couldn't help but see a man who was confused. In addition, Mr. Taka drew an unprecedented struggle [# "emphasis mark" on his side] in his sleeping figure, even though he had a heavy drink from the evening that he drank in the fight against honor.
Then, in the meantime. At any moment, he dismissed the nightwear.
Then, I took off the camp haori, and Eboshi also went out to the darkness of the front from the Mizuya entrance of the teahouse. Immediately, it seemed that he noticed it, and then the teacher of Tonoi, who was a tonoi,
"... Don't you think?"
When I called out somewhere, Mr. Taka said a voice,
"do not come!"
I told him to scold him. Then, when he leaned into the sledge near the woodland, he thrust his finger into his mouth and suddenly spit out sake from the evening.
Even if it was said not to come, Moronao couldn't help but stop by and rub his back.
"... How was it done .... Dear .... Shall I have some medicine?"
Mr. Taka seemed to suffer. Even after vomiting, he remained bent over into the flow.
Having a refreshing calm on the stomach that became empty, Mr. Taka eventually sank his face to the surface of the water and woke up while rubbing the water droplets sideways. Then, spit out the water that was in my mouth,
"Is it a teacher?" And look down, "--It's not important."
I laughed white.
"No, my face isn't good, and I'll soon be four |" (dawn). With Akatsuki, this is supposed to be launched. "
"Oh, that's fine"
"But even if you extend the time, isn't it better to get a good night's sleep and run for the race?"
"What, I don't need it. It was until I spent a little more alcohol than usual. More than that, Kono Moronao."
"Huh"
"I'll walk around that area, but don't follow me. Not only that, but keep an eye out for anyone."
Mr. Taka was already walking ahead. Moronao did not chase. I'm kneeling down and seeing it off. He knew immediately. Eventually, my eyes and nose, full of beards, began to laugh with a bitter smile.
――Mr. Taka's shadow wandered toward the one with many plum trees, avoiding the large garden, tracing the memory of 11 years ago. However, I couldn't remember a little, and I could only remember the white flowers of spring, Oboro, that night far away. And tonight, there isn't even a scent of wind. Behind the dark plum young leaves, something like a caterpillar or a luminous worm just shone with the sound of dew.
"... Oh"
He stopped.
At the same time, Fujiyasha, who exposed his shadow in front of his eyes, did not move as if he was freezing.
"Fujiyasha"
“…………”
Also, aside from Yamayama,
"Fujiyasha, were you waiting?"
I stopped by.
And Mr. Taka became just a man and put his hand on her shoulder as his heart commanded. Let's soothe the misunderstanding of the woman and give her a good deal of conscience to the unscrupulous grudge. It was a natural compensation for a man, and I had to reconsider it for the sake of later.
However, Fujiyasha is
"pure white"
Suddenly I took off my shoulder and hatefully waved my hand. And
"Den"
I glared with scary eyes. His face wasn't free anymore because of the dull whiteness of the woman of the ghost, and the breathing.
By the way, Mr. Taka
"This"
While scolding, I unconsciously retired. Then she immediately shook her chest, rubbed her whole body and cried.
Whether she grudges or loves her, there is no ambiguity or ambiguity in her moaning. She was betting on a man, just as Mr. Taka was betting on herself. I cried for all my life. Mr. Taka was also attached to the black hair, and I could not help but caress him, which was not in my heart, but also in my heart. However, he was scared when he learned of the adsorptive power of a woman who couldn't shake it.
"I feel like it"
Did it settle down a little? She also had a loose sob. Then Mr. Taka gently said to his heavy and wet face.
"Fujiyasha .... This was the only relationship I had with you. Please think so. Ibuki is your hometown. I think I've returned to my hometown, and now I should send it to you."
"Are you sick?"
She shook her shoulders from us. However, a man who resembled Rin burned the man.
"What do you mean?
"Well, settle down"
"No, now is the time for me to be Yaksha. I can't help but blame the hateful man named Tono.
"It was bad. Mr. Taka was bad.
"Sorry"
Her blind hand pierced Mr. Taka's body like a struck flame. However, the man's leather torso and five torso legs are like stone statues or hardware, and they only feel like they have been repelled. It was.
"Chi, livestock"
"What"
"You are a demon or a brute. Isn't it the man you who caught me who didn't know anything yet and decided my life without hesitation because of this plum blossom tree? It's your fault. It's your fault no matter what. "
"She's quiet. That's why Mr. Taka is apologized."
"I can't put it in such a gentle mouth anymore. Everything I've done so far is just a lie ... I haven't fulfilled one vow, and after all, this is your hometown, your hometown It's too good to be a lie to go home. Is it something like this? "
"What do you do?"
"I'll stick with you for the rest of my life and don't blame you."
"Is Taka's wrapping fun in your eyes?"
"But you can do whatever you want to achieve your ambitions. No, because of that terrifying desire, I'll sacrifice Ibuki's entrance. Didn't you sacrifice it? Everything was heard in the shadow of the teahouse in the evening. You use me as a trade-in tool, and honor makes me a toy. For eleven years, Fujiyasha wasn't waiting. Women also have a woman's devotion, life is a life. I will return the grudge to the man. I'm sure you remember. "
"That's fine"
Without knowing, he said.
"If you have a grudge, you have a grudge. I wouldn't hate you. I'll forget it all my life. I'm the woman who gave birth to Shiraniyamaru."
When I heard that, at some point in her, a strange woman took a sad breath inward. It was a terrible word to remind me of Shiranya Maru.
Mr. Taka regretted, but couldn't catch up. It still turned the woman's psychology into Yaksha itself.
"Are you going to be your father? What did he do to Kazuko? Don't give it away "
"Don't roar, a man has a man's feelings, a woman doesn't know."
"A lonely person, do you want such a glorious flower? Do you want to take something with the world?"
"Damaranuka"
"I'm sorry! You only know your own desires. For the sake of your desires, you can sell women and abandon your children."
"Fujiyasha"
"What is it * [# exclamation mark question mark, 1-8-78]"
"If so, I'll tell you."
"Look at me"
"Why weren't you already a woman of another person? Why did you forgive yourself to honor?"
"Hey"
"Congratulations, I'm not the woman who came out in front of Mr. Takashi."
“…………”
"It must have been a mistake that fell into a trap of honor. But why did you break the good luck and wander to the city? Oh! ... No, let alone."
"What if ..." Fujiyasha shouted and cried. As it was, I was struggling to sink to the bottom of the ground for a while, but I said, "No, no!"
"Please tell me. Please tell me to your heart's content. I wanted to say that, but I couldn't say it ....
And clung to Mr. Taka's feet. It turned out to be a desperate complaint and regret that the giant tree was about to shake. However, Mr. Taka was afraid to kick the Fujiyasha by force. And I was blown into an irresistible self-hatred.
I didn't want to contend with Honor with a woman in between, and I didn't want to see Fujiyasha with a man named Honor smeared. I thought it was shallow to say it. Somewhere, an irreversible innocence hates a woman's body, and her habit, mercy, and humor cannot be. It was a kick.
"Tell me more!"
She got entangled again. And with the intensity of a storm, I blamed him.
"Strike more!"
"Noisy"
"Hit"
"What should I do?"
There was a sound of meat. The ground was roaring. And, as she embraced the earth, she was finally soothed by the pain and the overflowing satisfaction. ――Soon, there was a voice of a teacher somewhere, and even if I knew that Mr. Taka was leaving, I was doing so. I held a fire-like numbness in my cheeks in my hands and chased only the sweet pain with my head.
Eventually, she was hugged by someone. You probably already knew that he wasn't Mr. Taka. He got up obediently, and without saying anything, he started walking out of nowhere, snarling.
"Which wisteria ..."
In the calling voice, the back view pretended to be the first time I knew there was a person.
The blue morning is brightening someday. After the earth wet with my tears, the shadow of Kono Moronao was laughing with his teeth peeled.
"I'm glad .... Apparently my heart was regained."
“…………”
"Every time I get lost by a man, if I'm crazy, I have to send a woman's life with madness. Let's be ridiculous in such a world. I have no choice but to survive strongly. Well, don't be afraid. "
“…………”
Just by glancing at it, Fujiyasha was turning his foot forward again. Ko no Moronao, who had overlooked it once, suddenly jumped about 20 steps and suddenly held her back from behind.
"... No. I'm a teacher who has been indebted to me from the Yahagi team for a long time. I'm sure I'll continue to help you."
“…………”
"Originally, you're the one who did that. It's not a ruthless thing. Eventually, with youth, everybody of Fuji must have the chest to receive from Ibuki. Not even you. Bada .... I recommend you to be on your side so that this teacher will do the same .... Well, I'm patient for a while. It ’s better. ”
Moronao let go of her. At that time, the drums of the drum tower of Ibuki Castle were ringing suddenly.
Already in the distance of the middle gate, the warrior's unevenness shimmered in the morning mist, and the sparse forest of the teahouse was also filled with horses. Ko no Moronao was in a hurry, and once again, over the shoulder of Fujiyasha, he said a word or two, a gentle word that had no pattern * [# "mouth + ear", 3rd level 1-14-94] "whisper". Then, he went under a sparse forest in the distance, as if he was a horse.
"... Is it already morning?"
For her, something like the morning cloud on the day when she put out her coffin 《Hitsugi》 was empty. Suddenly, with an agile pupil, the shadow sewed between the plum trees with a speed similar to that of a wild rabbit, and climbed to a small high place on Mt.
Soon, through the morning mist, a flow of horses and armor was desired under the eyes nearby. Is one of the Sasaki forces who have just left the Yakura Gate? And, perhaps, with Sasaki Takauji at the forefront, I wonder if he will try to see off those under Mr. Taka to the place where the main army of Kashiwara is.
"where?"
She searched for one figure of Mr. Taka. She knew that a man's path of ambition wasn't as good as a roadside flower, like a woman. Yet she couldn't help but feel like she was still on the rugged road of the man. And when he reached an idea in prayer with a shell-like body, the corner of his heart found a line of light for the first time.
Bottom book: "Private book Taiheiki (4)" Eiji Yoshikawa Historical Era Bunko, Kodansha
Issued the first print on March 11, 1990 (Heisei 2)
Issued the 26th edition on December 1, 2009 (Heisei 21)
* The subtitle is "Chihayajo" in the original.
* The bottom book is a large scale of "ga" (ward number 5-86) used for counting things and place names.
Input: Hiroshi Kadota
Calibration: Trend East
Created November 8, 2012
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
