Zenigata Heiji Prey
Return to the giant
Nomura Kodo

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Yawning

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Physiognomy |

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Numbers are JIS X 0213 area area number or Unicode, base page and number of lines)
(Example) * [# "Insect + Shu", Level 4 2-87-92]

/ \: Double dance character (repeated symbol in the shape of a vertically lengthened "ku")
(Example) Wiping / \
* Double the dance character with dakuten is "/" \ "
-------------------------------------------------- -----

[# 9 indentation] 1 [# "1" is the middle heading]

"I'm in front of my boss, but I can't finish my spare time these days, a, a, a, a"
Hachigoro of Galatsuhachi made a surprisingly large yawn, but when he saw his boss Heiji glaring at him, he hurriedly added a knot to the tail of the yawn.
"Idiot, I'm not going to ride on the shamisen because I've added a knot to yawning."
"I don't ride on the shamisen, but instead I ride on the shell of the conch". "
"I'm a stupid bastard, I mistake Yamabushi's prayer for Kitau [#" Meriyasu "as an emphasis mark]."
Heiji made a big tongue, but the face is not as painful as a small word.
"Isn't it boring at all? Boss. I'm just getting bored with this kind of old-fashioned worship, and my arms are just dull. Can I do something that isn't there? "
"The reason why I'm having trouble with my free time is that the world is safe. If it's so boring, it's okay to go down to the garden with bare feet and draw water, and it's a good feeling that the soil is cold and flies away. Ze "
Heiji Zenigata did not agree with each other, was not worth taking care of, and was not enthusiastic about taking care of the plants. --The autumn sun falls on the roof over there, and when it's time to fly with Susui in the sky where you can see the red dragonfly "Akatonbo", the wife's soul is already preparing dinner. The white hand towel that is crowned by a dragonfly is a dragonfly that reciprocates between the well ends without permission.
"It's a good word, but when Atsushi [#" Atsushi "is an emphasis mark] takes care of it, all the plants will die."
Galatsuhachi has no conscience, and there is no wind of poverty by swaying the first cigarette in the apatrapya.
"It's a good idea.-Because of that, it's getting farther away."
"Hetsu, you're far away. You're surprised, thank you."
Hachigoro is stroking his chin with a grin.
"From the previous Satsuki, I'm going to make boredom a tribute, but I wonder if it's something to say. It's also a reluctant nature of things. If you have something to do, Why don't you just say it's boring? "
"Great, Ryuishi is a boss with a sword shape. It's a top-and-bottom outlook."
"I'm stupid"
"Hey, boss, let's hear. Killing the daughter of Kojimachi 6-chome."
"I heard. Sakuraya's reputed daughter died last night in the hands of Yufube.-When I went to Hatchobori's Kumiyashiki this morning, it was all over with the rumor."
"It was a murderous killing. I don't know what kind of grudges I have, but Komachi-daughter who has just turned nineteen-a girl who has a machete color with Joshinko. Is it okay or evil to kill with a hatchet or a machete? "
"Wait eight. It's up to you to regret it, but you can't beat the bowl of Mannensei with the gooseneck of the smoke tube, and Mannensei and the smoke tube aren't sick."
"Isn't it regrettable, boss. A young and beautiful daughter is a gift from heaven. It is smashed by the rotten watermelon."
"I've solved it. I don't have any objection to the murdered bastard, but I can't pull it out. That's the rope of Juso-chome. Jump in and stir around and be wicked. "
Heiji waved a lot. For the past few years, the catch of Edo was the credit of Heiji Zenigata, who bought the envy of his fellow servants and said something unpleasant to the face. It was hot.
"The boss who said such a thing. Just by turning around the three bosses in Juso-chome and connecting, you can't get rid of your eyes no matter how long you go."
"Why don't you go back? There is an example with a lot of eyes and nose in front of you."
"Hey--"
"When a young girl is killed, she jumps out of her eye color.
Heiji became a tsui small word. However, I blame Hachigoro, who hasn't been different for many years, because he was laughable and irresistible.
"Well, that's what I said.
I stretched my hips and laughed.
 At that time,
"Your letter has arrived."
The ghost took off the hand towel from the 姐 -san's crown and wiped the wet hand / \ came with a letter.
Heiji, who received it after reading it and read it
"Who came to have it?"
I'm terribly nervous.
"I don't need a reply-I'm back."
"What kind of child were you doing?"
"I'm a child, twelve"
"Eight"
It is not necessary for Heiji to speak out. Hachigoro had already jumped out into the alley as soon as he was blown away.
Then just a few cigarettes.
"Oh, I was surprised"
Hachigoro came back with a disappointed 樣子.
"If you miss it successfully"
And Heiji.
"I won't miss it, but the author of the letter isn't a kid."
"Before the time, the letter was written by Shiro of the hunting ground" Kariba ", a big thief who was said to be the best in Japan."
"Eh, when I knew it, I had to blame him a little more-what did Shiro at the hunting ground say to his boss?"
Hachigoro of Galatsuhachi was a little rushed. Shiro of the hunting ground that rang in Edo a few years ago. It was a villain of the name, who was once struck by Zenigata Heiji and had just been sentenced to death, but he was scorned and became ignorant of his whereabouts. is.
"Why don't you listen to your story? Then what happened to the little boy?"
"I caught a mess outside the alley, and when I slammed it a couple of times, I confessed for no reason-I got three letters from my unfamiliar dad. , I wrote a letter to the boss of the alley, but I don't know anything else, wow-- "
"What the hell is that?"
"With a voice that suddenly started crying"
"There are too many hands. What happened then?"
"The physiognomy of the bastard who asked for the letter | I asked him to dress up as a kimono, but he couldn't get a full-blown look-the year was between 20 and 60, and he certainly had two eyes. It must have been wearing a kimono with one mouth, it's just a letter. "
"Ah, I don't know what to do, did I miss the little boy?"
"It's okay, Hachigoro Jiya, who has a sword in that area. I've skipped it with a little thread. The kid is a snake from the Ikakeya in the town. Nomatsu》, there are thirteen, but the wisdom is six or seven. "
"Once you unravel, what did you come up with?"
Heiji was also 《only》, and there was no further pursuit, and he was looking at the letter that the kid had.

[# 9 indentation] Two [# "two" is the middle heading]

"What kind of thing is written? Boss"
Galatsu Hachihau-san [# "U-san" is an emphasis mark] I let him look into his nose.
"It's okay to look at it."
"I'm not good at square letters, please praise me."
Galatsuhachi waved a big hand.
"That's right.
[# 1 indentation] -Three years ago, a little oil spilled on the rope of that person, but when he was pulled out to the Suzugamori Execution Ground, he was on the verge of being pulled out. Then, with the help of my friends, I successfully indented and went up to "Kamigata" and waited for a while. At the same time, Shiro of the hunting ground, who was said to be the great thief of the world, is here. While alive, the grace is grace, the 讐 "Ada" is returned with 讐, and if you do not put the book of evil together, you will go to the temple of Enma and the monkey will not be in conflict. The only gratitude is the companion who helped Shiro, but there are not three or five people. The most memorable of these is, first and foremost, after accusing and binding this Shiro's Koji family, he handed over his wife's winter to the officials, and he bought the goods. The Sakuraya Rokuhei family in 6-chome, Kojimachi, who forgive the deadly sins of Hino and put up a warm / \ and Eieu. The second is Heiji Zenigata, who chased Shiro from this hunting ground. There are three or five other people who are grudged, but I will follow them and let them know. By the way, last night, I broke into Sakuraya Rokuhei in 6-chome, and Rokuhei murdered Miyo, the only daughter who had the pearls and cuteness of "Shiyauchiu" in her palm. If there is no lie in the name of Heiji Zenigata, you should tie up Shiro of this hunting ground again. In foolishness, how surprised that Shiro of this hunting ground might bind Heiji, who has a grudge, to the reverse "Giyaku".
--It's written like that. "
"That is the boss"
Galatsuhachi swallowed Gollum and a sigh.
"How are you, Shiro's words from the hunting ground, how surprised you were?"
Heiji is a little fun.
"That bastard was still alive, wasn't he?
It was a big catch three years ago, and Galatsuhachi remembered that he was slightly injured.
"I'm afraid I'm still alive because I don't hear rumors that I've been haunted and flew to somewhere, and I'm dead. I can't die-no, I might die. "
"Don't mistake it for a viper."
"* [#" Insect + Shu ", 4th level 2-87-92] It's a hornworm. If I were alive, it would be 456, but it shouldn't be a big year yet, but the writing style of the letter is a bit of a grumble, even though it's a playful thing. ――Even so, it's a good handwriting with a soft taste. I wish I could become a master of training rather than being a thief. "
"I must be impressed by the thief's letter. If I understand that Sakuraya's daughter was killed by Shiro at the hunting ground, my boss will not be there either."
"Okay, let's go out. If you show me this letter, Shigezo in Juso-chome will not make a nasty face."
"It's not fun to come"
Hachigoro felt something like a samurai. The expectation that Shiro of the strong enemy "Kiyauki" hunting ground will meet again makes the meat of the five bodies "Shimura" somehow sick.
It's not a short road from Kanda to Kojimachi 6-chome, but it wasn't until the end of the day that the chilly evening breeze blew through the streets and the big moon in late autumn came to me. It was time to look into the lonely streets from the top of Koji.
"Oh, 錢 -shaped"
The face of Juso-chome Shigezo, who separated the goodwill of a large replacement shop and went out to the town with Nutsu, did not pull back, but he ran into Atafuta, with that of Heiji Zenigata. It was a perfect match.
"The boss of Juso-chome-it's been a big deal. Look at this."
Heiji's letter, Shigezo, was received and read in half with Tsukihi and Yufuba.
"-"
"Do you have a heart, Juso-chome?"
"I don't know, if Shiro from the hunting ground came to Edo, he would start over from the beginning."
"Then, you'll get an eye star."
"There is too much evidence. I'll keep an eye on you, but I'm just hitting the rope."
"Who is the bad guy?"
"It's Kanematsu, the leader. It seems that he made a secret promise with his daughter, Miyo, who was killed, but recently a young man who is a relative of Goro Tani has come in, and there is a lot of talk about it becoming a noise. There is a line "
Shigezo was terrified of the book. He is a strong 40-year-old man who has no shortage of push and power, but he just missed a bad guy in anticipation of this, and Heiji in the shape of an emphasis mark did not fly [# " He brought the seeds of the emphasis mark] return to the "Denguri".
"I can't put it even if I'm inquired about it.
"I don't know if Shiro from the hunting ground will get in by himself [# aside from" the guy "]. Please take good care of yourself. "
Shigezo shook the place a little and went to the place.

[# 9 indentation] Three [# "three" is the middle heading]

In Sakuraya's shop, anxiety and suspicion 《Gigu》, mourning 《Dokoku》 and 懊 惱 were swirling. With the best possession of the mountain, the new store and others are trying to change the quality of the patient, but Miyo, who is said to be Komachi, is the only daughter of Tatsumi. When he was killed, his strong master, Rokuhei, was also a half-sick person.
Miyo, who broke up with her mother early, was a little selfish, lotus leaf, and a liar, but he was born beautifully, and he also compensated for it. He was carrying a young man on his back.
"When I woke up in the morning, one of the doors on the porch came off, and my daughter was dead in the floor. The top is full of mud-- "
The master, Rokuhei, swallows the words. He squeaked his throat, and a serious sobbing came up.
"Are you the one who grudges your daughter?"
"Maybe it's hot. I'd say it from my parents' mouth, but since I'm a daughter who was born to Kiriyau [# aside from" Kiriyau "], who is the young girl? I try to make it look beautiful to the eyes, and I sprinkle the charm of the street on everyone. I can't even think that it will be a deadly seed. "
"-"
"Oh, my boss, defeat this enemy. I have only one daughter, and if I die, I have no momentum to live for the next day."
Rokuhei cries without a voice. Sixty there / \. The merchant feels too strong to be too strong, but the sadness of losing his only daughter is mourning because he has no sexuality or love.
"You don't know about Shiro and Ifu, the hunting ground."
"Hey--"
Heiji's sudden question was that he was quite surprised by Rokuhei.
"Have you ever wondered why Shiro at the hunting ground is there?"
"Three years ago, I'm afraid that I've lost my way to the place where I've just been sentenced to death, and I've become ignorant."
"then"
"I don't know anything beyond that."
"Isn't there anything that Shiro at the hunting ground has a grudge against your family?"
Heiji rowed up to important questions.
"Maybe that's the case, but it's a blunder. It's a long time ago that someone who has done something wrong is tied up by a superior and is sentenced to death. I knew that it was one of the indentured servants that I was blamed by the officials for wrapping up. There is no reason to be grudged by Shiro of the hunting ground. If Shiro of the hunting ground has such a thing as a root and there is something like killing his daughter-- "
Rokuhei is glaring at me without any reason. If it was Shiro of the hunting ground who killed his daughter, he would fly, bite and kill him, and the anger of his animal instinct would kill this old man. \ >> Make it look like something new.
Heiji abandoned the wrath of the six soldiers and went to the palace with Galatsuhachi. The leaders and servants keep anxious eyes from all over the corner, but there is no telling whether they know the status of Heiji or not, and willingly guide him.
The corpse of the daughter was put in the casket 《Kwan》 by the corpse, but once I looked into it, Heiji also shook his body. The corpse of a beautiful woman whose head was smashed by a blunt instrument "Donki" darkened Heiji's easy-to-feel feelings.
"Women and children aren't there, eight"
"It's the work of a bastard who is a master, wears a horizontal dress, and bends from the bottom of his stomach."
Hachigoro and Heiji forgot the face.
The hatchet of the machete was stored by Shigezo's minions, but it has no features other than the fact that it was taken out of the storeroom. It's terrible that there is a little new spill, and when I see the terrible blood on the handle, I just think that the bad guys will be exposed to the fierce return blood.
The mud on the tatami mats and the one with the shutter removed are also the proofs of the singer who entered from the outside, and even if the singer was inside and did such a work on purpose. There is.
"I wonder if the bad guys came in from outside the arrow."
Hachigoro doesn't understand the subtle relationship between the two.
"If you come in from the outside, you can walk in such a dry garden, and you can't even apply mud to the tatami mats."
"Hey--"
"And it's not easy to get out of the machete from the storeroom of another house in the darkness. There is
"What?"
"I can't do it early. That's why I can't say that the songwriter is in the house. There's a back side behind it."

[# 9 indentation] 4 [# "4" is the middle heading]

The master, Rokuhei, came to the place where I had just seen the street.
"Mr. Boss, I wonder if the bad guy at Yahari is a guy from Kanematsu."
When it was extremely strong, it was not necessary to wait for the rope to be struck, and it was possible to grab it.
"Wait, I can't wait for Hayago. Atsushi [#" Atsushi "is an emphasis mark] puts an order and asks one / \, but I'm not good at answering it honestly. People will tie it tightly. "
"It's already a boss"
The bronze face of Rokuhei becomes brighter with hatred and joy.
"First of all, my only daughter died, and who will belong to this Sakuraya's personality?"
Heiji's question was common sense and mediocre.
"Nobody has anything to do. If my daughter is alive, Goro Tani, who should have been afraid, will take care of this personality, but my daughter died. I'm Goro Tani, who is a stranger when I say that I'm a distant relative to Shimaheba.
"What?"
"Everyone I'm spending money. I'm too old to sprinkle sake and women. Donating to temples, going to the western pilgrimage, etc. There are many "michi". "
There is a strange tone that makes Heiji melancholy in the disrespectful possession of Rokuhei.
"By the way, who killed my daughter-who do you think your parents think?"
"-"
The six soldiers drooped deeply.
"I think my parents know how hard it is. Especially, the one who killed one daughter who couldn't be converted to heaven or earth."
"Boss .-- I wonder if I hated Kanematsu, who washed the bloody hatchet at the well end and soaked it in a warehouse with a mental calculation that shed blood. , --A few days ago | It was Kanematsu who sent the hatchet to the storeroom. "
"Who was watching it?"
"Everyone knows the little boys."
"then"
"In my daughter's hand box, there were thirteen letters from Kanematsu saying that she should not congratulate Goro Tani."
"-"
"I still have it. The muddy Kanematsu setta was stuck under the edge of my daughter's room. I put on my setta and went out and took out the hatchet from the storeroom. As soon as the musician entered from the outside, he pryed open a shutter on the porch, thrust a setta under the rim, killed his daughter, and then returned to his room. "
"-"
"There was a little blood on the goodwill on the way from my daughter's room to the servants' room."
"It's said that the 袷 that was bathed in blood was then taken out again and washed."
"The boss of Juso-chome said, but--"
There is something instinct of Rokuhei that cannot be doubted by Kanematsu. Shiro's obsession with the hunting ground, "Shifunen," which was heard from Heiji earlier, was greatly closed up. Uh.
"How many years has Kanematsu been in the apprenticeship?"
"I'm Komi. It's been twelve years since I started this business after buying the goodwill from the previous Sakuraya, but I've been in the store since then."
"What is your personality?"
"I'm angry, but I'm honest."
"What about Goro Tani?"
"It's my distant relationship. Three years older than Kanematsu, I was called by Satoshi Haruta last year. Kifu is a straightforward, really good man."
I understand well the possession of Rokuhei, who chose Goro Tani as his daughter's voice.
"What other servants are there?"
"There are two little boys, both of whom are fourteen, and this is not an account. My name is Sadakichi to Buntaro."
"then?"
"There are two maidens, one is from Boshu, and it will be nineteen. One is Sagamimono, north, this is thirty, and all of them are known to their parents. "
The servant is attached to it, and it is unlikely that Shiro of the forty man's hunting ground 《Kariba》 will hide in it.
But Heiji was alone / \ I saw him. Kanematsu is a good man, but he looks like a man who can do a lot of illegal things if he is a kid, but Yufube went away without dreaming last night. I don't know anything about it.
"I had a firm promise with my daughter and I. Even if there is a story about Goro Tani becoming a voice, if he shakes his head, isn't it something that can't be helped?"
With a slightly bloody eye, he repeatedly insisted on such a thing.
"There is a bloody basin in the basin at the well end, but what's wrong with that?"
"That's strange.-It's so dirty that I thought I'd have Kita-san wash it in my spare time, and the tsukune that I squeezed into the corner of the room came into the basin when I saw it this morning. It was. "
Kanematsu has no eccentric color. If this isn't a bad guy, I'll be a rare honest person. Heiji is thinking deeply about something.

[# 9 indentation] 5 [# "5" is the middle heading]

"Did you have a boss, Ki?"
"What the hell, eight"
"that girl"
"A young and beautiful girl has a terrifyingly quick eye, isn't she?
Galatsuhachi flew and waited, and came with a young daughter without permission. At best, the dressing is terribly poor, but it is a beauty that feels like Toho.
"You have a lot of words like Oteru."
"e"
Oteru collapsed in front of Heiji, a delicate and elegant girl, but when she removes the apron and wipes her wet hands-only those hands are on her face. Similar to that, it is painfully roughened by water work, and strangely sentimental to Hachigoro.
"I'm talking about Boshu."
"e"
"Are parents in Boshu?"
"No, I'm in Edo."
"What is it?-What do you say?"
"My father is Utahachi, who looks at the Hikobei in Mukaiyanagihara | store, Seohi Akina, and a booth shop in Hino."
Hachigoro's liking was doubled because he was enthusiastic about the answer. First, the beauty of that voice.
"From what time have you been indentured?"
"From this spring"
"What kind of person was the dead daughter?"
"I was a good person"
The coldness of the tone, probably the lotus leaf, is an innocent lie. ..
"Looking from Satsuki earlier, I often take care of my husband."
Heiji had already seen that he was the only one in the store to take care of his master, Rokuhei, who was swayed by the sun and was overwhelmed by deep sorrow.
"But with the poison of Ki--"
"I didn't know what to do last night."
"I think I heard a noise near the pound, but I fell asleep soon."
Young and healthy daughters blame it because it is the real thing.
When I returned to Oteru without permission, I started to go to Goro Tani.
"Boss, in your hard work"
It ’s a man of 278, who feels like a goddamn man.
"It's a problem, my husband doesn't have any joy to praise anyone, so I'm telling him to donate to the temple."
Heiji dismissed by saying that he was crazy. It's a great test.
"From this morning, I was also asked about it. It makes me feel lonely when I hear about it just because I had a congratulatory talk with Miyo-san. I decided to go back to the countryside in Hachioji this evening because my husband would be calm if I showed him the unskilled evidence in "Shinshiyau". "This street."
Goro Tani laughed lonely and showed small packages that he had packed.
"That's a problem. I'm in trouble if I don't have anyone stay here until I'm a bad guy."
And Heiji.
"Isn't that bad guy a thief who somehow says, boss?"
"Do you say that you don't do Kanematsu?"
Heiji put a search behind the words of Goro Tani.
"Kanematsu Don is the most honest person in Edo. There is no man who can kill anyone."
"Then, Shiro from the hunting ground" Kariba "sneaked in, put on Kanematsu's kimono and killed Miyo, and then dipped the kimono in the well-end basin."
"There is such a thing. I can't walk in the town of Edo wearing a kimono with blood. The noise in Mr. Teru's room was a little" Natsu "(4 o'clock). It's been too late, so the outside should have been getting brighter. "
"I see."
Heiji is a kind of shape that has been rolled up for some reason. This meek-looking man has a great deal of wisdom.
Then I saw my younger daughter in the north. He is located in Kanagawa, he is thirty years old, and he is incomplete when he goes back and forth.
Kanematsu, who was thought to be an honest person, was in trouble with money because his husband stood up, checked the luggage of the servants, and counted everything from the store's notebook to the amount of money he had. It is strange that Saunaya Goro did not have any non-songs.
"Fum"
This fact made my husband, Rokuhei, groan. It's okay to blame Goro Tani for Sakuraya's personality, so I'm sorry.
Another mystery was that the younger daughter, Teru, had a large amount of money outside of her imagination, and that she had a difficult book that girls and children couldn't admire.
"Do you admire this?"
"Well, I can't admire such a difficult thing. It's a keepsake of all the dead mothers. The mother has been up to the palace of Tateyama's indentured servitude for a long time. I've been indentured for a while. "
Oteru blushes the beautiful face and understands it.
I asked the servants to write the characters one by one, but only the merchants, Kanematsu and Goro Tani write quite a few kana characters, and the terumo is also beautiful. I can't even write the character. At the same time, there is nothing like the handwriting of a mysterious letter sent to Heiji under the name of Shiro of the hunting ground.
"Eight, it's your poison, but please wash your servant's identity. I'll give you a sneak peek to Boshu and Kanagawa. You're in a hurry."
Heiji tried to use the last resort as a means of servants.
"It's a boss"
Galatsuhachi jumped out immediately. However, along with that, Heiji can't help but notice that another person jumped out into the darkness of the city. It was filled with antipathy and curiosity, and Shigezo of Juso-chome took a glance at Heiji's investigation from a distance, and then flew to check the identity of the servants at his feet. I went.
Heiji, who left behind, investigated the movements of the servants again.
The day before Miyo was killed, Goro Tani went to a customer in Iida-cho and returned quite a bit. After the corpse of Miyo was found-around noon today, "Hirugoro", Oteru opened the house about two hours without any errands.
Because of that, Heiji was a kid who received some serious implications.
That night, Kanematsu, the leader, was slaughtered. Kanematsu's suspicion is the mental arithmetic that Heiji solved, but Shigezo of Juso-chome has some serious prospects outside, so I don't know if he did something like this. Hmm.
Heiji went back with a feeling that something wasn't filled.

[# 9 indentation] 6 [# "6" is the middle heading]

Then the fifth day,
"Boss, I'm surprised, I'm not surprised."
Galatsuhachi, who hadn't appeared for a long time, jumped in with a whirlwind 《Senpu》.
"I don't agree with you, it's so noisy, eight. I found that I don't jump in with clogs. I kicked the cat and the cigarette tray, put them in a pillar, and swirled around. Baa, it ’s not a good idea. ”
"Souvenirs are a big deal, boss. Please calm down and listen first."
"I don't think it's a big deal, but I'd like to see how the lower seat" Geza "is."
"You can't make tea. Five days and four nights, from Edo to Boshu and Kanagawa, Shimotsubiki and the three of us, the words that we sought without looking at the night."
"Sakuraya's younger daughter, Teru, finds out that she is the daughter of Kariba Shiro, a hunting ground."
Heiji's unscrupulous 《Sutsupanuki》 was casual and unskilled, and there was nothing to do with it, but the surprise of Galatsuhachi who heard it was a big surprise.
"Atsu, why do you boss it?"
Sit down and wipe the sweat of the cervical muscle 《Kubisuji》.
"Eight | Hexagram, eight"
"Jiyo, let's make a joke. You can't tell such a thing with Bagua or the forbidden curse" Majinahi "."
"Hatsuhatsuhatsu, I just thought about things in a rational way. While you ran around for five days and four nights, I consulted with my navel as a calyx."
"Hey--"
"Good luck, eight ...- Even if the big thief, who can be said to be Shiro of the hunting ground, asks for something, but the other party is a kid of Ikakeya, he is a kid. There is no way to call it a sheet.-I'll put a fruit on the sword-shaped Heiji, which isn't the outside.
"I see."
"And the phrase in that letter was a little too playful. The phrase was written by a human who killed one person. Besides, there is a strange bitterness. The phrase is old. It was a woman who wrote the letter. "
"Hea-tsu"
"A young, well-written woman wrote her tesuji."
"-"
"When I went to Sakuraya and saw the light, I thought it was a heart. You and Rokuhei may not have a ki, but the shape of their ears and the tone of their voices with their eyes closed. However, it's Shiro Sozukuri of the hunting ground. Nobody can get a ki because the faces are not similar, but the ears, the appearance of the fingers, the appearance of the fingers, the tone of the voice, etc. are often similar to the parents. "
"-"
"On top of that, I have a lot of money that doesn't suit my maiden, and I have a difficult book. I cheated by saying that it was a keepsake of my mother, but that girl was never my only daughter. No .-- I glared at Shiro's daughter at the hunting ground "Kariba", but this guy has no mistake in Man. My parent Shiro couldn't move or died because of illness. There is no doubt that he entered Sakuraya with the help of his parents' grudges. Once Sakuraya has cleared up, this Heiji will be the next target. "
Heiji's reasoning has no chance.
"I'm afraid. That's right, there's no mistake. That girl was the only daughter of Shiro in the hunting ground. Hachitoifuno is the foster parent and Shiro's old child. "
Galatsuhachi talked about the investigation of five days and four nights.
"That's all.-Then."
"Shiro of the hunting ground said that he had fled upwards, and Minoru fled into the mountains of Boshu, and soon after that he became ill and died last fall. Utahachi and his daughter Teru, who had been sick, were included in the grudge of Shiro at the hunting ground for three years, and when Shiro died, he went out to Edo and entered Yanagihara's rented house. Utahachi started a booth shop to endure the world, and Oteru decided to call him his daughter, and lived in Sakuraya this spring with money to go to Kosa. "
"That's how everyone solved it."
"It would be a waste to have Atsushi [#" Atsushi "emphasis mark] fly around for five days and four nights, boss."
"No, I'm sorry. I was thinking about the sky, and I couldn't tell if it was a book or a lie. I went to Boshu and found the book, so I went back. You can go out with peace of mind. "
"It's a boss"
"I'm tired, but will I go to 6-chome with me?"
"I'll go to Kyo-Osaka, boss"
The two flew to Kojimachi 6-chome on the fifth day.

[# 9 indentation] Seven [# "Seven" is the middle heading]

"Did you just think about things for five days, boss?"
It was no wonder that Galatsuhachi was able to think so much about things.
"No, I moved a little. I also watched Utahachi of Mukaiyanagihara, and on the day my daughter was killed, I also looked up where Goro Tani came out."
The two of them talked to each other.
"What kind of place did Goro Tani go to?"
"I also made a face to Iida-cho's specialty, but-then I went to my friend's house and my aunt's house."
"Hey--"
"I'm walking 34 houses and renting out only 20 people."
"It's a naive bastard."
"At the end of the next day, Oteru, who was absent only for two moments, was the one who met Utahachi and wrote that letter. When I asked him about Kozukahi, he seemed to be the requester of the letter, Utahachi. He was a man of 578, well bald, and carrying a heavy load. "
"When that little boy | guy, Atsushi [#" Atsushi "is an emphasis mark], I won't say anything like that."
"I'm too scared. Children don't open their mouths or threats."
"Isn't there a goddamn little boy?"
"Well, I don't like it."
While saying such a thing, the two arrived at Sakuraya in 6-chome.
"Oh?"
Inside is a voice and noise that stood up with Zawazawa.
When you enter it,
"It's a fat ama, mysteriously."
Juso-chome Shigezo is a tense scolding * [# "mouth + other", 3rd level 1-14-88]. Isn't it the beautiful maiden's shining that was struck with a rope under her knees and settled down?
"Oh, the boss of Juso-chome, why don't you do something big?"
Heiji made a surprising criticism.
"I caught him in the shape of a head. This woman is the daughter of Shiro in the hunting ground" Kariba ". It was this woman who wrote that letter. Because she confessed to killing Miyo in a letter. , I have a complaint "
Shigezo squeezes the rope sharply and removes the collar of the rope.
I can't say anything about it, but the beautiful face is blue, and the lips tied tightly do not open to the edge of the gold ring.
"The three bosses, the woman, who is no different from Shiro's daughter in the hunting ground, grew up in Boshu from the straw and didn't know any of her parents' sins. Besides, Sakuraya It was Honto who entered with a grudge, but it was the woman who killed Miyo. "
Heiji's words were unexpected.
"What is it?"
"Well, calm down and listen.-When I said that, I couldn't put a sting on the credit of the boss of Juso-chome. The bad guys are now tied to the boss here. I'll do it "
"-"
Heiji's gentle tone calmed him down, and Shigezo also loosened his hand for a while.
"Come on, Shigezo Boss. The Teru Toifu daughter may have entered Sakuraya with a mental calculation, but she does something outrageous to kill her only daughter, Miyo. Hey, human beings. When I came to this place during this time, I took it painfully. It was the girl who was doing it. There was no sin or dirt in her eyes. "
"-"
"That's it. Hey. It's the power of a man to wield that hatchet and kill him like that.-Kanematsu once. I was tied up, but there are too many swords and swords in the poor man of the book. How many people are there who throw in "Tarahi" or do such stupid things? "
"-"
"In addition, as you can see from the letter that came out of Miyo's hand box, the two of them haven't been cut off yet. Miyo is a lotus leaf girl, but she hated Goro Tani so badly. , My parents, Rokuhei, should be familiar with it. Besides, it's a little too much to kill my husband's daughter as it is because there are twelve letters in the expense. "
"-"
Heiji's words, word by word, solved the suspicions about Kanematsu, but in a nutshell,
"When I went to that place, Goro Tani, the day before Miyo was killed, borrowed eight places and took care of the twenty-somethings of the expense. I put it in a box and match the book tail. "
When you came to that place, there was a person who jumped out of the room.
"God"
Hachigoro, who was waiting on the porch, was attached to the untouched "Muzu".
"Don't miss it, eight"
And Heiji.
"What"
It overlapped and ran down to the dirt floor, but at that time, the musician was already laid under Hachigoro's knees.
"Ah, Goro Tani, you are--"
The master's Rokuhei was taken by Aki. The one who killed his only daughter, Miyo, was unbelievable to Goro Tani, the Yuuo "Yasatoko" who had the most loyal face.
"That bastard, Shigezo Boss .-- I was blown away by Miyo, and I couldn't get Sakuraya's personality, so I ended up killing my daughter." Honto kills Kanematsu, but when he kills Kanematsu, he immediately understands. Thinking again-sorry, he killed Miyo, a wicked bastard.-Sin is carried by Kanematsu. I was thinking about it, but I wondered if I could listen to Shiro's story at the hunting ground and help Kanematsu. "
"Boss, what should I do?"
Hachigoro was handling the rope by mouth.
"It's okay to have it tied to the boss of Juso-chome.
Heiji didn't even say it. When Shigezo of Juso-chome hurriedly unravels the rope, he jumps into the garden and ties up Kirikiri and Goro Tani.

[# 9 indentation] Eight [# "eight" is the middle heading]

The trace of Shigezo pulling Goro Tani with a rope,
With a strange feeling, everyone stayed for a while.
"Boss, what about that daughter?"
Hachigoro had the feeling that he couldn't finish it unless he had something to do with Kosa.
"Oteru-san didn't know anything about it. It must have been a mental calculation to go into this place and conspire with Utahachi to relieve his father's grudge, but he does that. Nishichiya, Oteru-san was too good for humans. "
"-"
Heiji stabbed his hand on the tatami mat and looked at the crying crying so that he couldn't even squeeze his face. It has a white nape, a pink earlobe, and a beautiful and adorable appearance.
"I was blamed by Utahachi, but Teru-san didn't come up with anything to do with revenge. In the meantime, he was half a year old. The daughter of her husband, who doesn't even think about it, was killed. Oteru-san visited his foster parent, Utahachi, and asked Utahachi to complain and wrote such a letter. It was three years ago that his father came to this place. It must have been a letter to remind Shiro of the hunting ground "Kariba", even in this Heiji.
"-"
Oteru was in tears and nodded a couple of times.
"You are a good man. Even with the mental arithmetic that caused the grudge at the time of his father's death, he did not come up with any evil. , I have been judged by the law of the government. There is no source of grudge against people. Instead of returning the grudge of my parents, I will take on the sins of my parents and compensate for them. Is the true path of the Son of Man. "
"Boss, I was evil."
Oteru bites his sleeve and slips into his throat.
"It's good to go back into the mountains of Boshu with Utahachi. It's hard to live in Edo if you know Shiro's daughter at the hunting ground."
"Yes"
"Is life going to stand in Boshu?"
"-"
"Oh, poor you"
Heiji was also struck by the fact that this poor, naive virgin was buried in the mountains [# aside from "Ijirashi"].
Galatsuhachi is a large fist bone, and I stroked the tip of my nose sideways.
"Boss, I've broken my patience. I'll take care of this girl's future, not to mention it."
Rokuhei quietly grabbed his mouth.
"No, that's not what Oteru-san really meant.-After Sakuraya, it's okay to put Kanematsu in that area. The deceased daughter will be happy.-Oteru-san said. Let's take care of my wife-- "
On the side of Heiji who looked back quietly, Oteru was crying like a baby. I never imagined that someone else, Tanin, would be so deeply cut by someone who thought he was an enemy.
× × × ×
Heiji on that day, with Hachigoro in the shrine, with the light inside, and withdrawing from 6-chome to Kanda, was full of feelings in the chilly evening glow of late autumn. ..
The wife's spirit is waiting at the house. The amount of hot water in the copper jar "Doko" is good / \.



Bottom book: "Complete Works of Heiji Hakugata, 23rd Section, Bride in the Execution Chamber" Dokosha
Issued on April 5, 1954 (Showa 29)
First appearance: "All things" Bungei Shunjusha
November 1939 issue
* The bottom book is a large scale of "ga" (ward number 5-86) used for counting things and place names.
* The title "Zenigata Heiji Prey" is not in the original, but it has been supplemented as a generally recognized title.
Input: Harukaze, a specified non-profit organization
Proofreading: Hiroshi Kadota
Created June 10, 2016
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
