Daibosatsu Pass
Law Dark Night Volume
Kaizan Nakazato
-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]
"":ruby
(Example) Carpet
｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) One voice |
[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Numbers are JIS X 0213 area area number or Unicode, base page and number of lines)
(Example) * [# "Hand + Hall", 4th level 2-13-41]
-------------------------------------------------- -----
[# 9 indentation] 1 [# "1" is the middle heading]
You were eventually sent to the living room of Notomori Komai.
The living room of Noto Mamoru not only made you feel strange when you were guided to it, but anyone who came to this living room couldn't help but feel strange. If it was a tatami mat, it was a living room with a size of about 60 tatami mats, and instead of being laid out with tatami mats, it was made of wood and covered with something like a carpet.
A table is placed in the center and one corner of the large room, chairs are placed around it, and bright windows are cut on all sides.
There are several foreheads on the long press "Nageshi" and between the walls, but all of them are warships, cannons, and unfamiliar landscape and architectural designs. Then there are many books on the bookshelf. Not only are Western-style books particularly prominent in the books, but innumerable real and models of various unfamiliar weapons are displayed in the corners of the bookshelves, on the bookshelves, and on separate shelves. There is.
Among the various weapons, there were many guns, especially rifles, and the cannons were arranged in order as a model.
You know that the old mansion was rebuilt with the taste of Noto Mamoru, but other things are dizzying and I don't know what to say.
You don't even know if it's okay to sit on a chair near the table, or if you're rude if you don't sit on the vagina, hiding behind the guide. It seems that he just stood up and stood up. At that time, Noto Mamoru was sitting on a chair in one corner and facing Takuko.
I wore a jinbaori with a sleeve of Kurorasha and wore a wild skirt. As the gatekeeper Ashigaru said, I used to give instructions for training, but after that, I would come here, open the book, and write something. The book is still an unfamiliar character book. It seems that it was rewritten into familiar characters. Noto Mamoru, who had been instructing training in the open space until now, had a lively blood color because of that, and his black hair was about to be disturbed where he sweated.
"Well done, please wait for a while."
Having said that, while holding the brush, there is something nostalgic about the "front" side that turns toward you.
"Okay"
After all, it would be rude to sit on a chair because you were having trouble standing, and on the other hand, you were worried that you could sit on the vagina and laugh, and it turned bright red. I'm just standing up.
Notomori Komai is currently translating the artillery book from Waran << Netherlands >> by himself. Just put it in the right place, put a brush on it, get up from the chair,
"You look good, alone ..."
With that said, Noto Mamoru proceeded toward the larger table in the middle, the table.
"Come on, call it."
"Okay"
Noto Mamoru recommended a chair to you, and he also leaned on the chair. You finally sat down on the chair, separated from Noto Mamoru and Takuko, but you were full of embarrassment and fear.
"Thank you very much for the things you gave me the other day."
Finally, you thanked me so much before Noto Mamoru.
"Naze you won't come to me."
Said Noto Mamoru, crushing. I felt the warmth of the word, but I couldn't swallow its meaning to you.
"Even if I know to thank you, I'm too afraid ..."
You made an excuse as a frightening person.
"I'm glad if you come to me, but I can't let you go at Itayu's house, so I can't help it."
Said Noto Mamoru, looking at your profile. This word made a lot of noise in your heart. Until now, I was excited because I was sent to a living room that I was not familiar with in front of people of different status, but the current word of Noto Mamoru is completely different. I made a noise in your heart with a different heart.
"I don't accept anything like the one on the left, because I don't even hear from my husband that there was such a thing ..."
"Nani, don't you hear that? Then, what I asked Itayu about your personality is that you are the agent."
"Yes, what kind of story did you have ..."
"It's suspicious"
Noto Mamoru made the beautiful side 《Omotenashi》 a little cloudy. You couldn't rest your feelings. Eventually, Noto Mamoru said:
"Nothing else, I'm a womanless house like this, so unless it's okay for Itayu, I'd like you to come and work at my house. It should have offered, and Itao refused it. "
"Well, thank you so much ... why is your husband?"
You can't stand the embarrassment. Regardless of whether or not you ask for a request from the ruler, if there is a message like the one on the left, you should have to talk to yourself for the time being. thought. No matter how much I was my husband, I thought it was unreasonable to support my personal life on the way. At that time, the landlord's husband couldn't do something like the one on the left ... At that time, it was Mr. Silver. Oh, then I immediately realized that it was the work of Ogin-sama.
Whenever there was a message from the lord, the husband must have told him about it, and he refused it with that temper, without talking to me. When you immediately realize that you must have done it, you will come up with the words that Mr. Ogin said. When you go, the lord will be happy to meet you, and you are often reminded of what the silver affirmed and what you are sure of, and the lord likes you. When you finally realize that the silver-sama's words, a sweet scent like a rose and a sharp thorn, were included, you're sick of it. Then again, the face turned bright red. Then, I was dying to hate the treatment of Ogin-sama.
"I have received this for the first time, and I have never known that there was such a request from the lord."
You said this with an attitude of proclaiming your false charge.
Noto Mamoru was surprised that you became enthusiastic about claiming your false charge.
"You don't hear it--then Itayu probably forgot to tell you."
said.
"I know if you are on the left"
I told you not to do it.
"If Itayu knows, will you come here?"
Noto Mamoru is a gentle way to ask.
"It's as long as my husband has some free time ..."
You reconsidered as if you were too much.
"Then, let's ask Itayu again."
You were grateful for that word. However, I cannot help thinking that there is still one failure at the same time. The failure is about silver. Even if my husband knows it, I'm worried about what the silver is. However, I was relieved that it could be said somehow.
You are now full of joy in hearing these gentle words and being able to serve by this lord from now on. Because of that, I was so full of heart that I couldn't afford to think about my identity. I also forgot about my mission as to why I came here. When you came up with it, you felt sad. I was rushed with a sad feeling. So, I thought that I had to make a request by telling him that Kouchi was missing one by one.
You finally told Noto Mamoru all about that. Kouchi is not going home with a sword called Hoki's Yasutsuna, which is why the young lady is most worried, and Kouchi intends to see someone in this castle. You pleaded for the fact that you brought the sword with you, and that you would like to ask for your help for the young lady.
Noto Mamoru silently listened to it, just thinking about something and not replying. However, if you make such a request, your mission to come here is exhausted.
When you were begging for leisure and going home, Noto Mamoru stood up and took a small box from one of the desks.
"I'm okay to go home, I have something I want to show you."
I took the lid and put it in front of you.
"Well, this is the figure of the lord ..."
You stood up and looked at the picture in this box. This is not a picture. However, I thought you were a picture,
"Really, I'm going to take a live copy ... Why should I do it so well?"
I forgot about myself and was amazed.
"It wasn't written"
Noto Mamoru smiled. But you didn't understand what that meant.
"I'm afraid this is the lord, this one is ..."
The figure you are looking at shows the figures of two people. One of them was this Noto guardian, and the other was a statue of a noble lady.
"It's a person who looks a lot like you"
At this time, you cannot know what a photo is. I haven't even heard of it, let alone seen it.
"It's a person who looks a lot like you," and your chest made a noise. You didn't have to ask, but you knew that this was the wife of the lord.
You stared at the statue of your wife, and you thought that the words of the lord who said, "It looks a lot like you" are not the words that you intend to make fun of. It is the woman who buys her own appearance, and it is the woman who knows her appearance well.
"It's a photograph, not a brush or paint, it's a raw image that was taken with a machine and baked with medicine, which is still rare in Japan."
I thought it was just a picture, and you were so enthusiastic about it, so if Noto Mamoru added a little explanation,
"Isn't this something that was written? Well, how can a machine capture a statue so well? It's like the magic of Kirishitan."
"Oh yeah, at first I thought it was a magic of Kirishitan, and even now, there are many people who say that taking a picture of it will shorten life, but that's the case of a trivial foolish person. "
"It's really rare."
You were looking at the picture without getting tired of it. I can't take my eyes off the photo, forgetting that I'm begging for some time to stand.
"If you want it, you can raise it."
When Noto Mamoru said this, your eyes with a raised face looked ecstasy.
In this way, you received a photo of the paper taken from Noto Mamoru, wrapped it in Fukusa, and left this mansion with your sleeves on the important thing for the rest of your life.
Then, while you came to the gate, you feel like you are walking in the air with joy. In that joy, there are several exciting battles that come and go. The battle wasn't scary to you, it was sweet enough to melt your soul.
"I am liked by that lord, that lord does not think to hate me, surely--"
You do not even notice that you shake yourself and your heart is disturbed from there.
Moreover, you have been asked by a silver man, and that silver man will be waiting outside the moat at this time. I couldn't afford to remember. Even to the gatekeeper who was kindly guided to me, I tried to go through the gate without saying a word, and when the gatekeeper finally noticed me, I hurriedly thanked him.
I crossed the bridge and came to the willow tree that kept him waiting, but I couldn't see him there.
"Lady is ..."
That said, you looked around that area, but you can't see the shadow of a silver-like person in any of those areas.
At that time, you thought that you had spent too much time before Noto Mamoru. I didn't know that the time had changed because I was so happy that I had to wait, but I realized that it would have been a long time for the young lady who had to wait.
[# 9 indentation] Two [# "two" is the middle heading]
From this point onward, the silver-sama who was standing on the shore of the moat and waiting for you to return was annoyed by the fact that it was too long.
When Ichigoro, who played the role, came by, Ogin-sama looked back and stared at it. Ichigoro casually turned it away, but even though it's been a while since the silver-sama forgot it, you still don't seem to come out of the gate.
Ogin-sama stared at the castle and stepped wildly. Then I went to and from the moat shore.
Then, there are 56 people from the wholesale store who come here while listening to their private language "Saya". That is the example of Orisuke Ren.
While forcing myself to go into the Kuruwa, the silver was irritated and irresistible. Keeping myself waiting so much I felt like cursing you, and I was staring at the castle, so these 56 Orisukeren were here while listening to my own words. I don't even notice that I'm approaching.
When doing so, one of the Orisuke walked around and passed by as if he was hitting the silver.
"Dangerous, dangerous"
So, when Ogin-sama noticed, the helper was drunk and it seems that his footsteps are uncertain. The silver was surprised and avoided it. After avoiding it, another helper passed by and tried to hit Silver in the same way. When the silver was surprised and avoided it again, the third helper finally bumped into the silver. When the silver stepped on,
"Hey, be careful"
Said the assistant. At the intentional violence, Ogin-sama stood glaring at the helpers. The silver-like eyes always seem to be angry, even if you don't glare at them.
"Hehehehehe, this is this"
Suddenly, Orisuke used a playful voice, "Scared", to look into the silver-like face hidden by his hood.
"You are a maid, and I'm sorry I flew without knowing it."
After saying something, I bowed again with a voice and gesture that seemed to be tricky.
Ogin-sama turned around and started walking without looking at it,
"Brothers, what's wrong?"
That said, another helper came by.
"No, I'm rude to fly to this maid, I'm apologizing now because I bumped into this maid because my legs staggered, my brother I managed to get rid of it. "
Said the previous Orisuke.
"He did something wrong. Well, I don't know which maid, but this guy is a normal to light-hearted guy, so Nani has a bad heart. I don't mean to do it, please forgive me. "
Other Orisuke, also with a tricky gesture and voice, gathered toward the silver while doing a massage with a fir.
Silver was angry. I couldn't help but regret that they were endlessly rude and rude. So when I silently tried to shake them off, I went around in front of them.
"Please, please forgive me."
If you shake it off and proceed again,
"The bastard apologizes so much, so please forgive me."
Ogin-sama is not a weak-hearted woman. If anything, she is a strong woman. That's why I didn't want to say a word about these rude help. I tried to shake it off and avoid it.
It seems that the Orisuke and others have some plans to chase after it by surrounding it from the front and back.
"Even with such an apology, it's a well-overlooked bastard who can't forgive me at all."
Said one of the assistants.
"Nani, the maid is very good at hanada, so please be careful with that, and the servants think that they are sloppy but dirty."
Said another Orisuke.
"No, I don't think that Orisuke doesn't fit my teeth, so I don't think I'll be able to put down my words. It ’s not monjayaki. ”
With that said, I tried to look into the silver-sama's face again by leaning over. When the silver turned to the side, he embarked on purpose and looked into it again.
"Hahahaha"
I laughed at once. When the silver bites his teeth and tries to push them away and avoid them, the Orisuke and his friends follow him. Ogin-sama has no choice but to finally stand up and scoop up.
Then, Orisuke also stood around it.
"Do you guys want to be rude to me by despising a woman?"
Because the silver couldn't hold back, he shook his voice and blamed the helpers. If it wasn't silver, it would have been a good idea to take measures and apologize to these helpers, but silver couldn't stand the regret and hired my family. I was scolded for the bulk.
"Why don't you be rude? I'm thinking about the middle of the process by myself, so I'm telling you to send it in this way."
Orisuke said:
"I have another companion, and I'm waiting for it, so I don't need to take care of you."
Ogin-sama is still scolding. Orisuke didn't just say that he was waiting for the silver to say something.
"Isn't it okay if you don't say that?"
"I will not forgive you for doing rude things"
Silver put his hand in his pocket. At that time, one Orisuke pulled the hood that Silver-sama was wearing from the side. From the mouth to the forehead of the silver-like face that I could only see, I could see the cursed and scary face diagonally.
"Hahahaha"
Orisuke laughed out loud. The silver-sama, who squeaked his teeth, had something shining in his hand.
"Hey, I'm in danger, I have a knife."
There were some who were injured trying to steal the kaiken that Ogin-sama had because 56 people wanted to help him from before and after.
"Because it's a hassle, please take care of it."
They were strong men who suddenly jumped out of the corner of Myosen Temple when they were trying to behave rudely because they wanted to stop by.
"These guys do things even if they fly."
I hit the Orisuke with warmth and kicked one of them into the moat.
"Hi role!"
That said, Orisuke ran away shortly. The strong man who came to this place is Ichigoro, who plays a role.
"Lady, don't worry anymore, they're really bad guys, I'll do something even with a gourd without knowing the young lady."
The place where Ichigoro is comforting by saying this is Ichigoro's house.
"Ichigoro: If you didn't come, I would have met like Dono. Because you came to a good place, all the bad guys ran away."
Silver was crying.
"Nani, I'm a well-known helper, but I thought it would be a little mature because it would be a habit to throw it away, but I ate two or three meals. Don't worry, I'll send you to the mansion from now on. "
"Ichigoro Somehow, I had a companion who was waiting for it, and I want that companion to take care of me."
"Where did you come to say that you are the one on the left?"
"I've come to the castle, I think I've come back and I'm looking for me by that moat. Please let me know. "
"Hey, thank you very much. And what's the name of the companion?"
"It's you, and I'm glad I'm wearing the same costume as I am for years."
"I see, you're talking to me, hey, thank you, I'll be happy to welcome you right now, so don't worry."
"I have relatives in Kofu, but I ask you not to tell anyone. It is known to the world that I met a bad person and was struck by such a wolf. Will be an outsider, so I will ask for confidentiality. "
"Well, I'm not a stingy guy who walks around when asked to do something that I know about, and I'm not a stingy guy, so don't worry. Well, thank you for not being injured anyway. "
"Oh, let's talk to your companion early."
"Hey, nice to meet you, the guy I just sent out is coming back, so I'll let you fly as soon as I come back. 》 Is enough for you. If you have a 嬶 《Kakaa》, I will take care of your hair 《Gushi》 and your servants, but I will come back soon. ”
"I don't care about hair and kimono, as long as you come back, I want to have some free time and go back to the mansion.
"Hey, hey. I'm in trouble, two or three people are always rumbling, but only today I'm going to pay out. If I go out, the house will be empty." It's going to be ... Most of the guys are likely to guess, the sun will go down if it's lingering, or on the day when the sun goes down, let's bring the young lady here. You'll have to tell me to stay overnight. Even so, you don't know how worried you are in the mansion. "
Although Ichigoro is a little impatient and soliloquy, he puts a portable shrine in front of the long fire bowl and is calmly greasy. I did.
[# 9 indentation] Three [# "three" is the middle heading]
Uji Yamada's Yonetomo left the precincts of Hachimangu at this time. Yonetomo went to the town to buy oil.
Even when he went out to town, Yonetomo wore a eboshi hat and a baekjeong. Then I attached an oil jar to the cane and carried it on my shoulder. Tonight, I will go buy oil if I need to take turns of the lanterns to prepare for the invasion of Deedarabocchi [# "Deedarabocchi" as an emphasis mark].
Deedarabocchi [# "Emphasis mark on Deedarabocchi"] is a legendary monster, no matter who it is in the first place. A big man who doesn't have a nice "nice", he always walks on his back and steps into the rice fields to create a swamp, or destroys Mt. Fuji and tries to fill Sagami Nada. I am doing it.
In the word "deedarabocchi" [# "emphasis mark"), what should be applied to it is sometimes written as Ota Hoshi. In some places, it is also called Ray La Bocchi. There is no such ridiculous giant, but those who have traveled to other countries can hear the legend wherever they go. Even now, some lands even believe in their existence. Yonetomo has to set the lanterns on fire tonight as the legendary superstition that Deedarabocchi [# "Deedarabocchi" comes to sell a fight] will not be removed. did not.
"Deedarabocchi [# Emphasis mark on" Deedarabocchi "] and Deedarabocchi [# Emphasis mark on" Deedarabocchi "], but Yawata-sama is also Yawata-sama."
Yonetomo said bluntly. In fact, even the crude head of Yonetomo can't believe the existence of Deedarabocchi [# "Emphasis mark on Deedarabocchi"]. I didn't think it was pretty ridiculous to bother to rub your sleepy eyes and prepare for the invasion of something you don't know if it actually exists.
However, Yonetomo is now Miyazuka. On the day I insisted on it because it was ridiculous, I thought that I had to get rid of it again and get lost on the road for a while. With patience, I will go to buy the oil and try to add oil.
"To buy oil, to buy tea, I spilled a spill of oil on the edge of the oil shop."
A child in the town whispered when he saw Yonetomo go out to buy oil.
Yonetomo walked clear without competing with it. For both children and adults, it would have been strange for Yonetomo to go shopping for oil.
After leaving Yawata's shrine, Yonetomo went through the Sanbori into the Kuruwa. As he tried to go through the hill to the town, he turned the corner of Tatemachi's Seimenji Temple and walked along the Kiwa at the second moat.
"Ah"
I stopped by saying.
Then, with his monkey-like eyes rounded, he was constantly staring at the area around the bridge of the gate.
"Oh, there is"
I said, and I was screaming. At the time of barking, the figure that Yonetomo saw was hidden behind the rice brewery "Okomegura". Aiming for the hidden rice brewery, Yonetomo ran to Ichimoku-san.
The behavior is quite crude. Eventually, the oil jar got in the way, so I shook off the oil jar and ran along the moat. Aburatsubo is also important for Yonetomo, but even if he pulls out the Aburatsubo, he must see that there was something he was still trying to pursue. Nothing else, because Yonetomo has just recognized you here.
Yonetomo came all the way to Koshu by dragging his inconvenient leg because he wanted you at one time. For Yonetomo, you were the only childhood friend of Yuto, and for you, Yonetomo was the only childhood friend. Yonetomo was hired by Hachimangu because he was suffering from travel expenses for a while, but if he saves some salary, he will take it and go looking for you.
Therefore, if it was you who I just admitted, Aburatsubo should not be a problem anymore.
It was behind the house of Ichigoro, who played the role of the example, that Yonetomo took a breather.
"Hello"
Yonetomo greeted Orisuke, who was sweeping the garden there, blaming him.
"What"
Orisuke looked at his friend and made a suspicious face.
"I have something to ask you."
Yonetomo drank spit and moistened his throat.
"What is it?"
For Orisuke, Yonetomo seemed so hard, so he stopped laughing and rested his hand holding the broom.
"Now, one daughter will come in here, and one daughter will come in with her companion, Chugen."
"Hmm, what do you want it to be?"
"Hearing that, is that the girl who is indentured in this house, or is she the one who came to the customer from somewhere else?"
"What do you do when you hear it?"
Orisuke replied to let go.
"Sometimes I have to ask that, I'll tell you because I'm a posterity."
Yonetomo was pushed out and rushed into it. The more you burn, the stranger the condition of Yonetomo will be, so it is a good material for you to ridicule.
"Haha, I can't tell you a lot, but who are you and what kind of rationale do you have with that girl? Isn't it broken? "
"Um, I'm devoting myself to Yawata-sama now. I don't care if my name is rice or my friend. I'm sure I'm in this house now. My daughter is very similar to our childhood friend in the country, isn't it, you can't be different from that girl, so meet me, but again, say so Kit wants to meet us "
"Oh, this isn't cheap."
With that said, Orisuke made a funny face again and saw the face of Yonetomo as Jirojiro.
Because of this question and answer, a couple of people from the mansion came out again.
"What's wrong?"
"Haha, this general chased a woman all the way from the national license, and asked me to see her at a glance because she was a posterity. It seems like a sin to not let her meet. That said, on the day I made a mistake when I met him, I couldn't get it back, and I'm having trouble greeting him. "
"So that's it"
They were insulting enough to peek at the face of their American friend,
"Ha ha ha"
I ridiculed him. Yonetomo broke out
"What's wrong, what's wrong?"
I took back the cane I had in my hand.
"Well, brother, don't say that, go home. Well, to your eyes, every woman and this woman look like a familiar woman who was in the national license, but now. If there's a woman who goes through here, you're a little far from me. Don't say bad things, go elsewhere and look for something a little better. "
If you mention you, Yonetomo will always be insulted. When I visited the hut "Koya" of the light work "Unburden" in Ryogoku before, I was ridiculed by the beauty ream.
It is strange that the impatient Yonetomo did not collide with Orisukeren here. However, these days, Yonetomo also saw that he realized that his impatience wouldn't always give him a good result, and even if he fought, he wouldn't deal with what he said. Perhaps, while resenting his mouth so much that he couldn't use it, he pulled it up as Shioshio.
Although I pulled it up, Yonetomo did see you. As you walked around the moat, I saw a man come and say something to you and take you, so I squeezed out an oil jar and chased this house. I have certainly seen him taken to Aburatsubo, so I left the place, but I can't take my eyes and heart away from this mansion.
Yonetomo, who had been wandering around the mansion for a while, went into the sword, took off the eboshi and baekjeong, rolled them up and put them in his pocket. After that, I went back and forth a couple of times in front of the rope goodwill restaurant in front of this mansion, but I decided to go inside and sit down on an empty barrel. Yonetomo started eating all the food here. Even if you eat at all, you shouldn't take your eyes off the mansion of your role. However, once you enter, there is no sign that you have gone out from either of these houses. After eating all the food, Yonetomo sat down for a while and looked only at Ichigoro's house over the rope goodwill. Eventually, the sun was setting and the four sides became dim. The master of the restaurant set the lantern on fire.
Yonetomo finally noticed, looking around in all directions,
"Oh, we also set the lantern on fire."
I suddenly thought and jumped up.
However, it is no longer the responsibility of Yonetomo to light the lanterns. However, by chance, Yonetomo, who was surprised by his responsibility and jumped out of this restaurant, was wandering around the wall of his role house.
It was a match for Yonetomo to be "twilight" at twilight. When I rubbed myself around the wall or under the wall and listened to the inside, many of the helpers of "Amata" talked freely and laughed loudly. I often heard it, but I can't hear it further as a woman's voice.
Yonetomo finally leaned against the wall and jumped up with his foot on it. The natural agile Yonetomo easily overcame the fence with "easy". When I got over the fence, I pulled up the cane from above and sneaked from the well end in the mansion.
This is a so-called large room where Orisuke and his friends are gathering. It wasn't like that during the day, but when I got together, there was a thriving crowd of people, and I was crazy about gambling in one corner. There is also a laughing laugh while talking about vulgarity while chewing on the bean paste wrapped in bamboo skin around the center.
The gambling person made a violent sound with a sponge. In some cases, I took off the kimono of Tozan, which I had been wearing, and pulled it out, and in other cases, I untied the crepe belt and threw it out.
It is often heard by Yonetomo that he lays down here, chews on the bean paste, laughs and talks vulgarly. Yonetomo gently peeped through the knot hole in the door, and Orisuke, who used a tangerine box as a pillow, said
"Hakusho"
I coughed.
"I caught a cold, I caught a cold because I was forced to swim in a place where I couldn't fly."
said.
"Ha ha ha"
When one of the helpers laughed loudly,
"Appu, Appu"
Then, another Orisuke was shaped like drowning in water.
"It's not a laugh, it's a life-threatening Kyogen, it's easy to use Nishu."
When he catches a cold, he doesn't stand out.
"It's not a laugh at all, I bought a good place for my master, and this is a role that is completely profitable, but among them, my brother is a sitting head of how to make money."
"That's right, the people in the foreground were hit by only two so that they wouldn't hurt, but on the day we were there, they were politely cooled in the moat. "
"I can't help it, and if asked, I may even jump into the water fire."
"That's the man"
"Don't be silly. If you broke your bones, you thought there would be something that just broke your bones. It's profitable to get rid of it and to feel cold, and it's interest to catch a cold, don't be ridiculous. "
"Hahahahaha"
The Orisuke laughed at the complaining Orisuke.
"What on earth would the master do by making such a kyogen and pulling in such a monster girl? Even my sister's Hanada" isn't in Manzara, and I don't know what she's doing. "
"That's what you are, that's a bird [#" bird "is an emphasis mark]. If you set that to a bird [# "bird" as an emphasis mark], the idea "An" will be fixed, and the tone "Neiro" will come in afterwards. .. But this isn't a kyogen whose role has changed to color, it's a job that has taken a long time. "
"So that's it"
Yonetomo was surprised to hear the story of Orisuke.
Yonetomo walks from the large room to the back with a solo solo. Even from what I'm talking about now, it's a good point that there is something that must be found in this house.
Yonetomo walked around here and there, looking at the knot holes in the doors and the gaps in the walls. If anyone finds it, it's just the work of a thief. However, Yonetomo, who is already full of heart, has no further doubts. If the door was open, I would have entered the house from there. However, the doors were tightly closed, there were no knot holes, and there were gaps in the walls, but there were shoji screens inside and it was pitch black, so I thought it was a house. I can't look inside.
If it was a woman's voice like that, I would stick my ears to the door pocket, but I couldn't hear that voice either. Yonetomo went around the house in this way.
This time, I decided to dive under the edge. A short and agile Yonetomo is suitable for diving under the rim.
When Yonetomo tried to dive under the edge, there was a human voice on the front side.
"Hey, this is the pick-up basket."
Yonetomo, who dived under the rim, heard the voice and raised his ears, but suddenly forgot to dive under the rim and went to the person who made the voice. Yonetomo was staring at Kago and Kago, who had just come to the front of this house, because of Tachiki. I had two baskets caught. Human feet were standing and standing, holding lanterns, holding a breathing cane, and smoking. When these guys waited there for a while, from inside the house,
"Thank you for your hard work"
It was Ichigoro, who played the role, who came out. Yonetomo doesn't know this guy, but I thought he was probably the master here.
"Master, tonight"
Saying that, Kago and his friends bowed their heads.
"Come on, ladies, please use this, and the maid, please use this."
Ichigoro looked back and said, so Yonetomo
"Hey, the lanterns are dark."
Yonetomo grinned his karma in his stomach. It is the person Ichigoro called a young lady and a maid who is waiting for her to stiffen her body, swallow her spit, and then grin on her work. This is because I want to see the shadow of the woman. Soon after, he appeared-more regretfully wearing a hood. I can hardly see all of the face wearing the hood, so while Yonetomo is writhing, the young girl wearing the hood goes to the front basket. Ichigoro took his hand and put it on it and dropped the hood.
"Che"
Yonetomo regretfully stepped on Jidanda, but then in the same shape, a daughter of the same age came out, wrapping her face in the same hood. When I see it
"Oh"
Yonetomo was really crazy.
"Oops, wait"
It is something that a US friend would never have jumped out of the darkness by saying this.
"What, what?"
The place was confused by the fact that Yonetomo jumped out to the place.
Hearing the confusion, the helpers jumped out. While Orisuke and his friends were supporting Yonetomo, Ichigoro made a difference and advanced the Zunsun Kago.
Soon, the figure of Yonetomo appeared on the roof of Ichigoro's house. It seems that he took a cane and unknowingly shook his agile body onto the roof.
When the figure of Yonetomo appeared on the roof, the Orisuke and his friends screamed as "Kenkengogo" underneath. I yelled to bring a ladder. I had three or four heads in a row, and some of them were biting their teeth, saying that they had been hit with that stick. Some were knocked down between their eyes and nose with a single blow, causing nosebleeds and unable to raise their heads. Everyone gathered together, whether they were gambling or talking about waste.
Underneath, Yonetomo looked down and exhaled as he was lying down as if he was rubbing the potatoes.
"Hey, I'm sorry to say that I can't get in the way of these guys and hunt down that Kago."
I regretted while stepping on the roof.
Even if you look around the four sides, it is pitch black at night. The castle of Kofu towers in the darkness. The second palace "Kuruwa" continues to the right. Both the front and the left are samurai residences.
Yonetomo who went up to the roof intended to swim from the roof to the roof, like when he was cornered by Utsugi soldiers in the town of Furuichi.
Yonetomo ran on the roof tiles with a small leap.
"Sole, I went there"
Orisuke was screaming.
"Yeah, I came here"
The ladder 《ladder》 flew around. Hugh and a stone came flying.
"Dangerous!"
Yonetomo took the stone as a stop.
"Blow off your feet with a bamboo pole."
Orisuke carried a number of clotheslines. Yonetomo, who has become lame, runs on the dangerous roof without any difficulty. From Ichigoro's house, we ran on the roof of the large room like a weasel, and jumped to the roof of the samurai residence.
Orisuke finally shook. Ladder and bamboo pole are actively carried out. Now, it is not only the helpers who lie down, but all the samurai residences jump out of the houses and lie down. Not only the ladder and the bamboo pole, but also the water bullet "Mizuhaji", the spear, and the long sword "Naginata" were carried out. Yonetomo often ran on the roof. At one point, I ran upright to see this. At one point I gently sank and ran.
"I'm a fool, I can't deal with you, I can't deal with you, I can't deal with you because I'm not enough to deal with you. I don't know the bottom of the stupidity of those who are coming. "
Yonetomo stopped and took a breath. Looking down from the top of the roof, the houses are exhausted there, and the footsteps are the water of the moat of the second palace. The figure of Yonetomo, who stepped from the roof to the fence, disappeared into the darkness somewhere.
[# 9 indentation] 4 [# "4" is the middle heading]
It was the party of Ichigoro, Ogin-sama, and you that night that seemed to happen and nothing happened.
Judging from the behavior of Ichigoro, I was wondering where to take these two people and what kind of encounter they would have, but unexpectedly, Arinomura was extremely obedient and accompanied by Kago. I have entered.
I entered Arino Village and sent it to the mansion of Ogin-sama. This is an ordinary and mediocre one.
Before and after the silver and you were delivered to the mansion, of course, Itayu's house was a bubbling ding. The whereabouts of Kouchi were unknown before, and the whereabouts of Ogin-sama and you are no longer known. I can't help but surprise the family and those who come and go.
Both silver and you went out without telling anyone when they left. I was going to go home soon, so I went silent. You said to someone to leave a word, but the silver-sama rejected it. So there is no one in the mansion who knows when and where they went. Among the servant women, I saw Ogin-sama and you wearing a pair of kimonos, wearing a purple hood, and taking off the woods behind them. There was something like that.
Some said that you might have been elopement with the silver-sama. Some defended that you weren't such a child, and that the young lady was a difficult person on the street, so she was forced to go out with you.
People flew to various places. Then I knew that I had entered the city of Kofu, that I had entered the city of Kofu and visited Mr. Yawata, and that I had taken a fortune slip there. I knew until then, but then I don't know more. However, there was another commotion in Mr. Yawata. It means that the man who is anointing does not come back while he is out to buy oil.
Because of that, the people who went to ask were at a loss, and the turmoil in Ma's house was increasing.
Ichigoro, who played the role, sent the baskets of both of them in a relaxed manner, so Ichigoro cannot help but improve his dexterity here. In fact, at this time, Ichigoro was seen as a god and buddha by both the members of the Madaijin family and the people in the village. Ichigoro's body seemed to point to the back light.
This is the hospitality that is not placed below. The story that this master passed by and helped Gin-sama being teased by a bad help made Ichigoro worshiped by the villagers like the main character of the heroic story. I have.
Ichigoro didn't talk much about his credit. A member of the Umadaijin family decided to decline and return with a strong desire to treat them in various ways. By the time I refused to stay overnight and went home, Ichigoro's Kago was so late that it was hidden by lanterns.
The next day, many fishing stands were carried to Ichigoro's house, and relatives and the president came to thank the city "Ichi" with a haori hakama.
Ichigoro was thus grateful to Ma Daizoku's house, and then he often went in and out of the house. Then I became friends with my husband, Itao. Itao trusts Ichigoro, and Ichigoro is now able to welcome Itao.
After that, while Ichigoro often went in and out of Itayu, he brought in a private talk to Itayu. It's a proboscis that Itayu wants to hear in secret.
It was surprisingly a marriage.
"Because the young lady is also old."
When I said, Itao had a painful face.
Looking at the bitter side, Ichigoro also strongly emphasized that it was difficult to talk, and when I talked all over, Ichigoro's bitter side came to me a little.
"Kumigashira and Kamio Shuzenden ..."
I folded my arms. Ichigoro should not look away when he sees Itayu's complexion becoming soft.
"Originally, it's a history of Hatamoto, I've come to this place because I used it too much, so I'm a hard worker. He is a person who understands sweet potatoes and sweet potatoes well, and with the knowledge of his family and his daughter ... "
He said that he spoke like a matchmaker. By the way, there is no doubt that this man's marriage is to the Kamio main set, and to the Kamio main set, the daughter of this family, to the silver-sama. Deaf silver-Ichigoro's inner heart is immeasurable. However, Ichigoro's mouth is extremely good. Kage and Hinata preached the personality of Kamio Shuzen with all his words so that it would best be transferred to Itayu's heart. Then, Mr. Kamio, who is a hard worker, is not the one who does the gracefulness of Hanada, and even if the young lady comes with such a mischief, it will lose her affection. He skillfully explained that he was not a person, and that he had sympathy for the young lady. On top of that, connecting with the Fujiwara clan, who is an influential person in the area, is a powerful support for Kamio, a lifelong happiness for the young lady, and the young Kamio main set will soon be from Kofu. I also talked about the fact that there is no doubt about the people who will be successful. On top of Ichigoro's recent credibility, it seems to be visible that Itayu's heart is gradually moving by his mouth.
After Ichigoro talked about this marriage and resigned, Itao was still thinking with his arms crossed. Originally a hatamoto of thousands of stones, now the Kumigashira of Kofu duty number, and having that daughter go, I thought that it was not unbalanced for the house. However, when I remember that girl, Itayu shouldn't be disappointed. It's not uncommon to think that anyone who isn't a hatamoto, who can get a daughter and take care of her life, is a big benefactor. When I saw that my daughter often swallowed it and decided to go through it as a bachelor rather than as a samurai to a boring man, Itao as a parent felt pity. There is no such thing as a bachelor.
Itao called a woman after thinking for a while,
"Let's come here to silver"
Saying
"What do you say, I don't call it Eun because it's that, I'm not a woman who answers yes, even if I'm a little worried, but if I understand ... If I understand, I'll do it. I don't have any objection to him, but I wonder if it's really a match for him. That may be a match for him. On top of it "
Itao was waiting for the silver to come while thinking by saying such a soliloquy "one person".
Ogin-sama, who was called by his father, eventually returned to his room.
Ogin-sama went home after listening to what his father had said. What my father said was one of the marriages to Kamio Shuzen. The silver did not reply when he heard it.
Even if it is a lie, it is necessary to make the young person's blood fluttering. However, this is not always the case with silver. It wasn't because I couldn't reply because of the shame that the silver sank and returned to the room from my father's permission.
The silver-like face, which always seemed to contain anger, looked cloudy with even more anger. In the middle of my father's soft story, the tatami mats that I stood up and returned without greetings were rough. My father, Itao,
"Hah, I made a mistake again."
With such a face, I'm just seeing off the back of my standing daughter in the sky.
It is not new that silver-sama hates marriage. Even being told that was like touching a poisonous insect. Ogin-sama was not only reluctant to hear about the marriage that he had, but he was also reluctant to hear about the marriage of others. When I hear that story, I can see that it is getting burned. That's why there is nothing to talk about in front of the silver. You also came recently and swallowed the breath well. I knew that from my father, Itao, but I realized that Ichigoro's mouth was too much to say, and that my daughter was in a bad mood, so I felt awkward and empty. I just saw him off.
Ogin-sama regrets bringing in a marriage as if he was insulted. At the same time, he despised the man who applied for marriage to himself. The man who applied for a marriage to himself was the most stubborn and shameless of the men, and some were just lustful, not personality or hobbies, the scraps of the man. I even said that when I said it.
Now, even when I heard about Kamio Shuzen, my head was occupied by that contempt, and I couldn't afford to accept what my father was trying to explain.
Ogin-sama came back to his room with a terrific face,
"You, you, you"
I called in succession, passed through my room, and went into your room.
Your favorite was given a room similar to that of Ogin-sama. These days, silver-sama has to do everything from the living room to the costumes to the decorations in the room in the same way as you. The silver sneaks into your room like this, but you can't see you where you went. On the desk, one of Gin-sama's favorite cold camellia "Kantsubaki" is just stuck on his face.
"Where did you go?"
Gin-sama sat on the futon that you should sit on and turned to the desk. When I tried to take the one-wheeled cold camellia and use it as a toy, I saw something unfamiliar on the desk. Aside from the one-wheeled cold camellia, Ogin-sama picked up the unfamiliar one.
"Well, this is unusual"
That said, it was a single photo that drew my eyes. The photo is the one that you received from Notomori Komai the other day, and is the most important two-person photo.
At first, the silver-sama, who was just picked up unusually, was trembling as he saw that he would make it. My eyes are shining.
"Ah, I'm sorry"
The demon 《Kijo》 abandoned it as if to wipe the flames.
As I said before, the photo shows two people.
One of them was the statue of Notomori Komai, who is familiar with silver. One person alongside it was a statue of a woman.
"Unknowingly, this is ... oh yeah, the other day, while I was waiting for me in front of the castle, I was doing this in the castle when I was in such an embarrassing eye. I didn't know that. "
Ogin-sama bit her teeth while looking at the image of the woman.
"With this young ruler and that wife-like ... hateful."
Silver shook his head to abandon and shook the silver hairpin on the desk. I grabbed the hairpin that I had shaken off and sprayed the cursed breath on the face of the photo.
The image of the woman in the photo, which is the target of the curse of Ogin-sama, was the noble wife of the jay figure 《Uchikake Suga》. This noble and beautiful wife alongside Noto Mamoru, who can be heard by a beautiful man. For silver, it must be as cursed as it wants to be bone-cut.
Especially, outside that moat, when the Orisuke and his friends were doing such a rude treatment, if they did something like this in the castle ... 》 It's terrifying, annoying, cursed, and the silver-like hand holding the silver hairpin is terrifying and terrifying.
Silver picked up the photo with his left hand and picked up the silver hairpin with his right hand,
"Eh, remember"
Saying that, I tried to hang on to the face of the image of the woman.
"Lady, what are you going to do?"
You came in in a hurry and jumped in and held down the hand of the silver-sama holding the silver hairpin.
"Please let go"
Ogin-sama shakes off your restrained hand and still tries to follow the picture.
"This photo is an important photo, young lady, please take a look at that."
"It will be an important photo for you, but ..."
"I'm sorry to the lord if there is a mistake in this photo."
"Well, that's right, you're okay with your lord, but I'm sorry to have been ridiculed!"
"What are you talking about, young lady, I can't just let you know what the picture is."
You fought on a daily basis without any discomfort. Ogin-sama sent a photo with an almost crazy body and made it a mess. The two, who are competing for one photo, rubbed each other with the fierceness of striking each other from the other eyes.
Then you finally picked up the picture from the lady's hand and spit out a big breath while
"Lady, if you're going to play with such a violence, I don't want to be on your side anymore, I'll have time for today."
"Oh, that's good, I don't have to be with you anymore, you come to the cute lord, and I have a place to go to the bride, so yeah, I decided to go to the bride Because it's gone. "
Contact silver like to say this when you dropped the tears without Tomedo "endlessly" from the both eyes, did you you do not know what and how to say mood.
It wouldn't have been anything normally, but at that time, the two of us were split. It seemed like a fierce excuse for you to say that you weren't near the young lady anymore, but in fact, she said it from the bottom of her heart.
You didn't know what you meant when you said that you had a place to go to your bride.
However, the place became awkward, and although we were soliciting each other's unprecedented feelings of competition, you soon apologized. The silver also melted.
After apologizing, you once again offered to ask Gin-sama for leisure. The silver chilledly acknowledged your begging for leisure. Besides, Gin-sama gave you personal belongings and money. You were grateful for that, and somehow you didn't want to leave this young lady, but when you think about your destination, that feeling disappears.
There is no need to ask where you are going to resign from this young lady, it is the residence of Notomori Komai.
You left the Fujiwara family with your beloved Muku dog, with a man who accompanied you with various things from your husband and silver.
Everyone sent you in a good mood.
While going from Arino Village to Kofu, you were willing to approach the spring fields with each pair. I was happy with the compassion of Komai-sama, and my heart just melted. Even so, when I looked back at the time when I came to Kamanashigawara and looked at Arino Village, I found a forest that turned black all over under a small hill, and that was the horse that had been taken care of until now. When I learned that it was Fujiwara's house, the sight of the four sides became sad.
The edge of Karisome [# "Karisome" as an emphasis mark], which was helped by Kouchi and became a nuisance to that house, is not unforgettable. Kouchi doesn't know where Gyoe is, and even now, I don't really understand what the one remaining young lady said, "I'm going to my wife, too."
You didn't really understand the feelings of Gin-sama. I don't know how Komai-sama wants to pour water on the way to herself. If that's the case, I don't know that he was chilly when he begged for his spare time, but he acknowledged it without showing any unpleasant colors.
While advancing myself to the palace in the castle, I couldn't understand the spirit of the young lady who was doing such a thing toward the photo of the lord.
There were many things I didn't understand, but in the end, you were a sympathizer of Silver. The feeling that the silver-sama was so impatient did not seem to you to be selfish. I don't know between Ogin-sama and Kouchi, but I knew that Kouchi was gone and that Gin-sama was even more impatient. After that, silver often behaved in a scary way to love you. Now that I am also leaving my side. There is only one silver. You prayed in your heart with tears in your eyes, asking you to live in harmony with us.
[# 9 indentation] 5 [# "5" is the middle heading]
At the residence of Kamio Shuzen, around this time ｜ Fushin started, and many carpenters and plasterers joined in to build up and maintain.
On the front side, the sound of chisel and plane is good, and on the back side, the back is also the maids who pull out the kind of tansu, long-lasting, and kudzu. However, it is a fuss like drying insects.
The table said that the New Year was near, so I would make a contract with it, but the back is not enough.
"There will be something I want to do in the near future."
As early as the maids' mouths, such a rumor broke out.
There was a pine among the maids. Omatsu was now taking out a width of the hanging from the chest of drawers and sweeping away the dust.
"Who is the one you want to congratulate?"
"I don't know Omatsu-sama yet."
That said, the other maids looked at each other.
"No, I don't know"
"Thanks to that congratulations, I think there will be such a start of a contract, and there will be another treasure in the air here."
The maids are laughing at Omatsu's detour.
"Still, I don't know."
"That's right"
"Okay"
"Now, this is near."
"What is near ..."
"Even though it's close, it's close to Kofu, and it's from a rich man's house in Arino Village, which is only three miles away from now, and he's going to have a litter in the near future."
"That's fine."
Omatsu swept the dust from the hangings he had in his hand and untied the string. When I opened it up casually, it was neither mountain water nor flowers and birds, but the width of a single drawing.
Omatsu didn't know that there was something he wanted to do at Kamio Shuzen's house.
However, the rumors of this celebration were so outlandish to Omatsu's ears that I couldn't help but think a little.
Omatsu didn't understand the feeling that the main set, which had been unreliably defeated and left his wife, is now about to welcome his wife. Then, I didn't even know what kind of person the woman would like to have this lord as her husband.
I have to celebrate because I want to congratulate him, but from the common sense of Omatsu, I don't think this marriage is a success. It can only be thought of as a marriage for a temporary right.
I can't help but feel sorry for the bride's dormitory, Yomegoryo, who came here.
I can't help but feel sorry for the parents who just fell in love with the name of the lord and let go of their cute daughter without knowing who the lord of this mansion was.
While knowing that it was shallow to provoke a heart that cursed people's wishes, Omatsu thought about this wishful rumor.
That being said, the hanging that Omatsu brought out now is a drawing of the castle in Kofu. Today, Omatsu was implicitly trying to draw this picture as a treasure trove. I thought it would be among the many books and hangings that were sweeping the dust, but fortunately I found it.
After work, Omatsu returned to his room with the picture. I went back to my room, spread it out, and stared at it.
In the picture of the pine tree, Kofu Castle was in the center, and the samurai residences, camps, and official residences inside and outside the Kuruwa were drawn in detail.
The pine eyes were staring at the eastern corner along the moat of the castle. Aside from the rest, I was staring at just one corner. The corner of the pine tree is sandwiched between the castle and the daikan's camp across the moat, where there is a prison that captures sinners. Omatsu, a prison that feels unpleasant to hear, just wanted to see it, so he took the trouble to bring this picture home. Omatsu who wants to see the prison is because there are people in the prison who want to see it.
For that person, I don't know how painful Omatsu is. I passed silk or asked for a detour myself, and I went to Kamio. On the way to here, I even appealed to Notomori Komai.
However, the evidence is clear and the defeat of the money storehouse is heavy, so I was told that the false charge would not be clear unless the real criminal was listed. There is no disappointment or disappointment.
Omatsu tried to pull the path with his finger several times, at least to know the pattern of the prison. However, it is a mischief, not what to do with the power of pine trees. Knowing that he couldn't do anything on his own, Omatsu was frustrated that he couldn't help human power.
This is a separate house that is separate from Kamio's main residence. In the meantime, Silk was clear and talked with a male customer in front of him.
The male guest sitting in front of the silk is Ichigoro, who plays the role.
"Obetsuya-sama, first of all, I'm grateful to you for carrying it without delay. I'm grateful for the wedding ceremony. May you exchange. The wedding will be brilliant next spring. "
When Ichigoro reluctantly said the words, silk seemed to be pleased, too.
"I carried it conveniently by your bridge, and I also say that it is worth coming to Kofu, and the main temple will be renewed in the future, Mikata Shikata | Kei "Congratulations"
That said, silk aimed at Ichigoro's efforts. Ichigoro hits his forehead, Hitai,
"I really want to say goodbye. After all, I was worried about what would happen because the person in question was ridiculously difficult even though it was an old-fashioned family that the other party heard, but fortunately. Then, the person became enthusiastic, and the story went on with Zunsun ... But Mr. Gobetsuya. "
Ichigoro swallowed and talked about one of the cases of the marriage.
"Obetsuya"
Ichigoro called silk in the name of a farewell family,
"Who is going to ask Nakodo to come along?"
"That is ... I think that there is no choice but to ask either Chikuzen-sama or Noto-sama among those two rulers. In addition, the appropriate one among the Kumigashira and the magistrates. If there is, you can ask that person. "
"You're on the left, among the Kumigashira and the magistrates ... That's fine, but as a medium for our family, it's still appropriate to ask for the ruler. Let's call it the ruler, but Noto-sama is a new man, he is young, and he does not bring his wife, so he is the same as the old man. I asked Chikuzen-sama for it, but I think it's extremely good. "
"I think so too. Besides, the main hall does not fit with Noto-sama."
"Correct……"
"Originally, Hatamoto of the same style, so if you work in the same place, it will be a problem for young people to feel uncomfortable."
"But I have to tell Noto-sama for the time being."
"It's a request from Chikuzen-sama, and after deciding on the story, I would like to give only one greeting to Noto-sama," said the main temple. "
"It's Mr. Left ... There is something that Noto-sama doesn't quite agree with, so by any chance, this marriage ... I don't think that's the case, but it seems that Noto-sama will break down. If there is something ... "
"That's why I should put together Chikuzen-sama first. I'm sure I'll go and put together the messenger for Chikuzen-sama."
"It's okay if you're on the left, it's okay if your bespoke asks for help."
Ichigoro made a guarantee like Gyo-san there, and when he tried to beg for leisure and went home,
"Well, isn't it good, I want to give something to the pre-celebration ... I don't know about pine trees and pine trees."
Silk retained Ichigoro and called the name of the pine tree.
When the pine tree was called by silk and went out to that seat,
"Enter here"
Omatsu gracefully entered the tatami room.
There, silk brought the pine tree to Ichigoro, and Ichigoro went down with his knees aligned in a hurry.
"This is nice to meet you, I'm sorry for Ichigoro, please know me."
He bowed very low, so Omatsu politely greeted him accordingly.
"I'm sorry for the things that I can't reach, thank you for everything ..."
Said with both hands together.
After the approach was over, Ichigoro mixed his sneaky "beard" and bragging, and that he had been in this land for a long time, that he had a great deal of help, human foot, and his power among them. , I'm implicitly saying that my credit is great among executives including the ruler, but it's hard to hear for pine, but silk is in a good mood.
"Apart from pine and politics, this person knows everything else, so if you have any questions, feel free to ask this person to take off your skin."
I even said.
Even after Omatsu returned to his room, Ichigoro did not seem to resign from silk and return. After a while, it seems that the tatami room became cheerful and proceeded to the exchange of sake cups. It is shallow for Omatsu that when the master who seemed to be more adored when he was withdrawn to Negishi came to Kofu, he seemed to have changed completely. It's easy to get acquainted with anyone, and the behavior of the master who forgives me is irresistible to Omatsu.
[# 9 indentation] 6 [# "6" is the middle heading]
The prison of Kofu faces the east of Kofu Castle across the street of Sakai-cho from the moat, and is surrounded by a kumiyashiki on three sides. The eastern part of the kumiyashiki is the camp of the lieutenant.
The prisoner of Utsugi Hyoma was the first room in the prison, which was a six-mat room. A soldier and a strange samurai are trapped in the six tatami mats.
The south and north in this room are grids. The east and west are swords.
Utsuki Hyoma is sleeping in the corner of the wing. It's already late at night, so it's pitch black in the prison. The soldiers seem to be asleep, but another strange samurai in the room seems to be still awake and doing something in the dark.
The samurai is about thirty years old, has full hair, ties his hair and hangs it back.
"Hmm"
It seems that the voice of the sleeping Utsugi soldiers is the one who moans painfully, and at the same time, he tries to turn over.
"Utsugi, is it painful?"
The strange samurai quietly said,
"No, not really"
Said the soldier, again secretly. However, the reply is a reply that has endured the pain.
"Would you like to take another dose?"
A strange samurai comes to the warrior's pillow and explores under the futon.
"Hmm"
Said the soldier and horse again in pain.
A pack of paper was taken out from under the futon, which was a medicine and a sensation, and a strange samurai brought it to the mouth of a soldier.
"I still have a high fever"
One hand held the medicine package, and one hand held the forehead of the soldier.
While sleeping, the soldier opened his mouth and took medicine from the paper package.
"Sole water"
I took a bowl of pillow and let the soldiers drink water. The soldiers got up a little and drank Kokurikokuri and its water.
"Be careful and sleep"
The strange samurai is staring at the face of the soldier and horse.
Because it was a night in a prison without fire, you wouldn't be able to see anything normally, but this strange samurai seems to be able to see things well even in the dark.
The soldiers and horses also seem to be able to see things in the dark. Because I was in a dark prison, my eyes would have been accustomed to that.
The samurai, who was strange when he saw the soldiers fall asleep, returned to his former position, and when he wondered what he was doing, he was tearing the paper and constantly making paper twists.
Because my troupe was dressed on a soldier, there is nothing for this samurai to lie down on. It seems that you don't know that you are sleepy by making a half tatami mat of astringent paper and twisting the paper on it.
After making dozens of paper twists, there is no more paper to twist. At that time, when I picked up the book of this person's seat, "Ansei 32 Family Absolute", I tore the paper in it with merimeri, and tore several sheets to make it finer again. I started to make finer paper twists again.
When this person was steadily twisting the paper in this way, the siding in one corner of this room, which was different from the corner where the soldiers and horses were sleeping, rang with a faint sound.
The sound of tapping the sword was a faint sound that could not be heard unless it was intended. However, the strange samurai who had made the paper twist immediately heard it, and while sitting, he put his ears in the gap between the seams of the sword.
"Are you still awake?"
This was a small voice heard from the next room.
"I'm awake, I'm awake and working hard at home."
This strange samurai answered so and grinned.
"Well, how about the sick?"
"I have a high fever, but it doesn't affect my life."
"Take care"
"I'm in the middle of curing"
"Then, I heard a serious message today, so let me know."
"Is it left?"
"Today, I had a newcomer, Shinmai, who was sent to this prison for counterfeit money, but I heard from him. "
"So that's it"
"In Choshu, I've finally decided to slash the three elders and apologize to the shogunate."
"Nani Nani, what if you slash three elders in Choshu and apologize to the shogunate? That's a dreamy story, you can't hear the truth."
"I can't believe it even for me, but when I listen to the man, I don't think it's a lie, well, listen to me. That's why in the Choshu clan last August, After being banned from entering Tokyo, I wished for that permission, and then I wanted to be allowed to reinstate the Seven Lords, so I made various proposals, but there was no further adoption, and on top of that, I went to Kyoto with troops. Kusaka Genzui, Matabei Kijima, and Irie Kuichi all had no choice but to come and pray for the stalemate, and the Kyokai, the old man, fukuhara Echigo. It is said that a total of about 400 people set sail for Kyoto from Mitajiri of Suo. "
"Umu, Umu"
"In addition, Kurume's priest, Izumi Maki, who is the priest of the swordsman, joins, and the pond, Hiraoka, and Osawa, who were attached to Sir Nakayama. It seems that Sir Nakayama died in Choshu. He came to Choshu from Totsukawa in Yamato via Naniwa, but he died there. It's still nineteen or twenty. It ’s painful, no matter how old you are. ”
"Well, did Samurai Nakayama die in Choshu?"
"I don't know if he died of illness or was an unexpected disaster. Then, join the pond, Hiraoka, and Osawa who were attached to Sir Nakayama, Naniwa. When I arrived at, the escape of the clan's friends and various clan ran, so I divided the soldiers into two, one by ship from Yamazaki, and one by land to Fushimi. 《Tazusa》 Yes, I can't help but make noise in Kyoto because I raise a flag and go up without disturbing the corps. "
"I see, i see"
"In addition, Kunishi Shinano and Masuda Uemonsuke joined the palace under the name of" Chinbu "and finally rushed to the Imperial Palace, where they were in awe of the soldiers of Aizu, Hitotsubashi, and Satsuma. 》 The bottom of the spider palace 《Kyuketsu》 has become a war-torn street. ”
"Umu, Umu"
"However, as expected, the daredevil soldiers were attacked by the arrows of the various clan, and Kijima Matabei was killed, Kusaka Genzui was also killed, and Fukuhara, Kokushi, and Masuda's three elders decided to pull up to their home country while biting their teeth. After that, the end of the Choshu expedition was settled by Kyojun Mouri and by slashing the head of the three elders and apologizing. "
Although these voices were spoken in a very quiet voice, I was able to hear and answer them as usual, as the slang word "Heidanzokugo".
While talking, there is no need to worry about coming around. The prison guard here is also a person who wants to sleep better than to look around.
"Hah, that's important."
That said, this strange samurai thought.
"This makes Choshu lonely."
The unfamiliar conversation partner also said in a desperate voice.
"No, it's not so easy."
This strange samurai answered with no hesitation.
"why"
"There must be two factions in Choshu."
"Correct"
"Then you may be afraid of the shogunate, but there must be some people who don't understand it."
"Correct"
"Takasugi | There is a Kiheitai made by Shinsaku, so it's okay to silently pull in that area."
"So that's it"
"Do you know Takasugi?"
"Dunno"
"I don't know the old man, the young man, that's the first man. That kind of Kiheitai is a bit unique to other clan."
"Umu, Umu"
The other side was the main speaker and this was the listener, but this time this is the speaker and the other side is the listener.
"There is a Kiheitai in Choshu, there is something like Saigo Yoshinosuke in Satsuma, Satsuma is not silent if Choshu stands seriously, if Satsuma and Choshu hold hands, you should know the world."
"It will be interesting"
"It's going to be fun, but each one is a cage bird."
"Nanjo--"
The talk between the two was interrupted for a while. When the story was interrupted, it was dark inside the prison. In this room, the soldiers and horses are sleeping, and in the same room there, there are even some snoring voices, but other than that, it is finally quiet.
This strange samurai finally heard the crevice of the sword in the near future,
"Nanjo-Nanjo"
I called it because I was going
"Get your hands on"
"Umu, Umu"
When the samurai put his hand on the transparent space, which was one shaku below the place where he was wearing his ears, the one that was pulled out from the transparent space was a file without a handle. It's like that.
"What happened to this?"
"A man named" Fake Money "given me softly, and there is still one of the same guys, a saw, a chisel, a knife, and a knife. Can be used like "
"Don't get the Elai thing"
"That is the gift of heaven"
"Thank you, thank you"
That said, this strange samurai has recommended the file.
At this time, the ambassador of the prison guard coughed. Most of the time, it seemed that I had run out of points to talk about, and I took the opportunity to stop talking.
The form of the prison was strict, but the patrol inside was not so strict.
If you ask the old man of the prison ambassador for money, most things will be adjusted. Almost free.
Utsugi Hyoma didn't bring any money when he was taken prisoner here, but after that, it seemed that there was something to put in the money, and the small amount was two or three. It will be handed over to the soldiers. If there were five cars inserted, it seemed that there were some people who shook their heads, two or three of them.
I don't know who will put it in, but because of that, the soldiers got a lot of convenience. I was able to get what I wanted, and I was able to accommodate the people in my room. Perhaps it is the work of Shichibei.
Unfortunately, the soldier has been struck by the heat these days. A strange samurai in the same room was taking care of the pillow not rising. This strange samurai was put in this room before the soldiers and horses. While talking in the same room, the soldiers cannot help feeling the strangeness of this strange samurai.
It was a little pleasant today, so I woke up. I went to bed early at night, but I slept well. In the middle of the night, I suddenly heard a strange sound, so I woke up, looked at the person making the sound, and woke up unknowingly. When the soldier raised his half body and saw the suspicious sound of the ears, he admitted that a strange samurai in the same room was leaning against the grid to work.
The strange samurai can only be seen cutting the grid of the prison while making a very small noise with something. In other words, it only looks like a hoe is trying to break the prison.
Too much, the soldiers kicked the futon and staggered and stood up.
"Nanjoden"
The soldiers staggered and approached, holding the hand of a strange samurai who was cutting the grid of the prison.
"Utsugi, don't get up"
The strange samurai are not surprised even if they are pressed by the soldiers.
"Nanjo-den, what do you do, don't do light things"
The soldiers told me to lick it.
"I don't know you, it's bad for you, so sleep and stay."
A strange samurai called Nanjo took the hand of a soldier and sought the corner of the prison lattice. When the soldier put his hand on it, a streak was cut to the side with some kind of knife. The notch wasn't that deep yet, but it's certainly a sign of prison, not a retreat.
"Oh, bold thing"
Said the soldier and horse sighed.
"We are doing this in the second room, and we will take care of both success and failure, so you can sleep with peace of mind."
The strange samurai calmed the soldiers and horses without making noise, and quietly inserted the knife into the notch again. The knife is the one that I got from the gap in the next room the night before. The soldiers didn't say this on top of it. This is because this person, who is not a surplus, decided to do so and started thinking that it would be useless for him to discuss the pros and cons.
"If the world is the world, I don't want to do this, but when I ask about the times, I can't really rest here. It's a kinkai, but it's also time to imitate the thief's ass, Utsugi, so honestly, I'm waiting for the wrath to clear up. In the world where there is a famous judge above, the white sun may shine even in the prison "Hitoya", but if you want it around here, the flow of the Fuji River will be clear for 100 years. Same thing as waiting "
A strange samurai called Nanjo is quietly pulling the corners of the grid while saying this.
The soldiers and horses retreated to the bed by all means. The soldiers were pulling on the futon and listening to the faint sound of the file being pulled by the corners of the lattice.
The soldiers and horses have been waiting until now with an honest heart. I believed that heaven would surely help me while I was waiting calmly, unless I was afraid of myself. I was trapped in the law, but I violated the law and didn't try to escape it. But now, I can't help but be upset.
[# 9 indentation] Seven [# "Seven" is the middle heading]
Notomori Komai used to make a basket in the Western style, and he didn't go to the office much these days, and he left the training to another person for a while.
Noto Mamoru, who was in this room, sent people to collect the soil. I also go out and collect the soil as I thought it would be.
I was so enthusiastic that I almost forgot to sleep and eat in analyzing the collected soil and experimenting with it by putting it on fire.
The tiger cannon 《Koho》 12 ｜ Izu cannon 《Pondho》, which Noto Mamoru keeps and handles at the training ground in the castle, was made by Egawa of Izu. Egawa of Izu, like Noto Mamoru, is taught by Shirobee Takashima. From the beginning of his assignment to Kofu, Noto Mamoru wanted to build one here, similar to Egawa. Noto Mamoru's artillery enthusiasts are so enthusiastic that he cannot be satisfied unless he researches and creates his own artillery.
It is a famous reverberatory furnace that Egawa Tarozaemon set up in Nirayama, Izu. When Egawa set up the reverberatory furnace, he struggled most with bricks. It was the soil for making bricks. At that time, Egawa had to burn from bricks first because it could not be ordered from abroad. The bricks that could withstand the high heat had to be sought from the soil to be burned.
Egawa finally searched for the soil from the foot of Mt. Amagi << Amagi-san >> and Mt. Yamada near Mt. Nagi, and made bricks. The brick was fine. At that time, it was an original creation of bricks that were as good as today's advanced refractory bricks. The fire resistance test means that it can withstand high heat of 1,700 degrees Celsius. The degree of heat of 1,700 degrees is the solubility of platinum.
Noto Mamoru saw and heard about Egawa's hardships. Collecting soil and examining it can be seen as having the same purpose. During the study, I avoided letting anyone enter this room and slept almost exclusively on this chair and the table. When I was tired, I slept steadily, not at night, but at noon. When I woke up, I was struck by the book and the real thing.
Even now, tired, Noto Mamoru was sleeping with his body deeply buried in the chair. At that time the door was quiet and
"Den-sama"
You were standing in front of the door.
You are like a maid who serves the daimyo and Hatamoto's house. Although he was about the same age as Omatsu, Omatsu was a plump, masculine daughter. Compared to pine trees, you were even more fair-skinned, delicate, and had a sunken beauty.
"Den-sama"
With that said, you gently opened the door, and when you saw Noto Mamoru sleeping in a chair, he suddenly smiled and approached him so as not to make a noise. I went.
Noto Mamoru is sleeping well, and even though you came in, he didn't notice at all. You came close to Noto Mamoru's chair and stood in front of your husband's sleeping face.
For the past few days, my husband's hair was also disturbed, and I could see a sword on the sleeping surface. You who looked worried
"Den-sama"
Noto Mamoru woke up when he called again in a slightly loud voice,
"Oh, you?"
That said, I didn't dare to blame him as a smile. You are the only one allowed to enter this room as a waiter.
"Well, I went to bed."
You said this.
"Oh, I finally fell asleep."
Noto Mamoru tried to raise the body buried in the chair a little.
"Oh, you are a customer."
You said.
"Customer?"
Noto Mamoru tilted his neck and
"As I said, I don't want to see any guests since I started this job."
"We would like to ask the customer to do what he wants to do."
"Who is that?"
"I'm a woman"
"Girl's……"
"Yes, I would like to say that I am the villain of Mr. Kamio."
"Haha"
Komai Notomori had a nod immediately with it, but
"I don't know what it's for, I don't want to see you, I want someone to see you"
It seems to be a little annoying to meet.
"Still, it seems that I have to tell the lord directly that I have to meet him directly. Therefore, both Mr. Kojima and Mr. Hattori should ask me to act as an agent. Thank you for your request. "
"Hatena"
Noto Mamoru made the radiant side "hospitality" a little cloudy.
"Anyway, I'd like to tell you over there, I refuse to wait for a while."
"I'm in awe."
"Then, may you bring only my haori here."
"Understood"
You went out of this room after receiving the message. After that, Noto Mamoru thought with his arms crossed,
"Well, then, I forgot, it seems that Kamio wants to get a bride, and I don't think that the lady in that case went out-from Chikuzen-den. There was a talk, but I didn't reply at all because I still have something to solve. In fact, is Kamio serious about the marriage or a temporary strategy? , To find out a little more about that area ... "
Notomori Komai came up with this. Then, like the soliloquy "Everyone",
"But Kamio is a dwarf, and if I say something wrong, I'm sure I'll have a grudge against me. It's not painful to be grudged, but I'm sorry that the virgin, who doesn't know anything, seems to fall into a bad strategy. The arrival of
While asking and answering this question, you offered a black-painted box with a haori coat. When Noto Mamoru untied the haori on the sleeve, you went behind him. You changed it into a black crested haori, and you folded the haori on the sleeve.
Noto Mamoru ties the haori string that he changed into, and you
"Dear lord, that hair is disturbed and I'm going to hang out."
said.
"Um, that's right."
You rested your hand folding the haori on the sleeve and set up the mirror stand on the table. The mirror was placed on a shelf in the corner, which was not a Western style mirror, but a polished round mirror.
When you look at the mask of the lord who is moving in the mirror while stroking the hair of the sword that was disturbed for the protection of Noto, your hands shake with shame and your face I can't stand it burning like fire.
Notomori Komai is sitting against silk in the guest room.
It was a Japanese-style guest room, and there was a paulownia brazier between the two. Silk said thank you for the time when Koshu was on the way. After that, what Okin said was, as expected, the recent marriage of Kamio Shuzen.
"Kamio is also in trouble if he puts it in that way, and he will be recruited for selfishness. When I come, I definitely want to put together this marriage and go home. Thank you very much for Chikuzen-sama. "
It was such a story. Noto Mamoru heard that and
"It's a congratulatory thing, and I'm going to have a dissent with what you want to do, like the one on the left. What is your family?"
I asked calmly like this.
"The other party is the daughter of Itao Fujiwara in Arino Village."
"Daughter of Itayu in Arino Village?"
"I'm sorry for the left"
"So that's it"
Noto Mamoru had a feeling of thinking for a while, but with words,
"That was an old house."
"As you said, I'm afraid that there is probably no one in this Koshu family."
Silk was a little proud to answer.
"That's right, Itayu is familiar to me, and he is well aware of his family, but I haven't seen him yet."
"Always, she was a girl who hated even going out into the philtrum, but this time the marriage is a mess because of what she has done."
"That's the best thing. Who is the foster parent of this marriage, Karioya?"
"What do you call a foster parent?"
"It seems that there is no difference in the family character between the Kamio family and the Fujiwara family, so it is thought that the order is to set up a foster parent in order for the Fujiwara family's breather to join the Kamio family."
"I'm afraid, I'm afraid that I'm afraid that there is a difference in family tree, but as you know, that Itao is afraid to say that the family is irritated by Kazurahara Shinno. I don't know that the family tree is not inferior to the family tree of the landlord daimyo, so I don't know that it is a disproportionate form for the Kamio family. "
Silk tried to make an excuse even though Noto Mamoru said that there was a difference in family character.
"No, that's not the case. In order for Hatamoto's house to make a marriage, it is decided whether it is from the same Hatamoto or from the house of a daimyo, or else a proper temporary parent will be established, and I understand that Let's get rid of it. "
"that is……"
That said, silk was a little rushed.
"I haven't carried it by then, so I'm sorry ..."
Noto Mamoru, as if silk was trying to explain something about it, holding the nose of that word,
"If you're on the left, I'm not going to do it for the time being, but I'll take care of that."
That's why silk is no longer able to be connected by the second arrow.
"Thank you for your kindness, after asking the main set ..."
Silk has no choice but to quit and go home. Even though Noto Mamoru's statement was valid, he couldn't give the silk that came to the messenger a pleasant feeling. Moreover, when this is transmitted to the ears of Kamio Shuzen, it is visible that it becomes hatred and turns into a grudge.
[# 9 indentation] Eight [# "eight" is the middle heading]
Kamio Shuzen visited the old mansion of the azalea ｜ Saki 《Saki》 by himself that night. My feet are swaying like a drunken one.
"Mr. Desk, Mr. Desk"
Although I always came into the mansion where Ryunosuke was, with his swaying footsteps, Ryunosuke wasn't there.
"Where did Ryunosuke go?"
While saying that, I sat down there, and then I set my eyes down and looked around the room.
As usual, the Maru-andon was on fire, but it is about to go out.
"No, it's a dark fire, it's a non-bright light, it's a light, it's brighter, it's brighter."
The main set turned to the light and said something like this. If you look at the tongue's entangled salt plum, you can see that it is quite drunk.
"Nobody, no one, come and make that light brighter, and stir up the wick in this way. If you stir up the wick, the fire will naturally brighten, so let's do it sooner. No one is here, no one is coming "
The dubious Roretsu 《Roretsu》 said without stopping. Then he lowered his head like a drunken man, or made a suspicious hand and immediately brought his hand over his lap, shaping it like a guardian dog. ..
"Um, ok, no one will come, if you don't come, you'll have an understanding here, pine, pine, no maids, maids, or that one, the master's command Don't ask, it's easy to see that they both despise this main dish. "
Kamio Shuzen looked around the room with a drunken eye again, but
"Hahahaha"
Laughed loudly.
"No, no, this was an old mansion, I see, this is an old mansion in Kashigasaki, there are no servants here, the guy who wants to slash things in the mansion. There is one, there is a legal fox outside the mansion, there is no one else, I told something to the place where there is nothing, this is bad for me, which one, to myself I have to stand up and scoop up that light, the light "Tomoshibi" is dark, and Mr. Yukogushi is in tears. "
While saying this, Kamio Shuzen stood flutteringly and came to the side of the lantern, scraped up the wick to brighten the Hokage, and even added oil without the consciousness. Therefore, the four sides "around" suddenly became bright.
"Hahaha, if it's cash, if you stir up the wick and add oil, the fire will brighten, because the fire will brighten, you can see the things on all sides well, you can see it well, but you can't see the desk, Ryunosuke appears. I can't show you, where did you go in the middle of the night, even though you couldn't see, you couldn't tell the difference between night and day because you couldn't see, and where did you wander? Did you put it out? "
Kamio main set has a habit of drinking. However, since I came here, I haven't drunk enough to get into the habit of drinking alcohol. The main set also had a slight sense of decency. What's wrong with that? Tonight, it seems that the closer you are to the drunkenness, the more you have been drinking.
As the room became brighter, the main set began to look around the four sides again.
"There are swords, spears, rugs, folding screens ... there are tea utensils and even cigarette trays, fusuma, and Karagami ..."
Saying this, the drunken eyes of the main set that looked around the room fell on the long-lasting corner of the room as a trolley.
"Oh, that's the wrong thing that no one thinks, there's one man in it, there's a dumb man, now pull it out and turn it into a toy. "
The main set stood up again and went to the side of longevity.
"Kouchi, Kouchi who is in longevity, go out to this, it would be cramped to just hide in such longevity, you too are young in the empty" Misora ​​", so hide in longevity If you don't, come out to a wide area, because it's the heaven and earth of the jar, it may be long-lasting, but it's a poison to life if you keep hiding so much even though you're young. That's not long-lasting. "
The main set carried a sword and put one hand into the longevity. There is no lid on its longevity. It is Kouchi who put his hand into the long-lasting, uncovered, and made a hand like hanging a mouse, and took off the collar hair "Erigami" to bring it out.
Poor Kouchi was still in this longevity. The bag was not covered, but it was thin. Both hands were tied up in front. Both feet were aligned and tightly tied. I'm exhausted to fight, and I can't speak to say anything.
Kamio Shuzen, who pulled out Kouchi from the slurping and longevity, brought it to a place near the light,
"Hahahaha"
The main set pulled Kouchi down there and left it
"Kouchi, I feel sorry for making you dying, there is no grudge or hatred, this is a sword sword, holding a pearl without dwarf sin. There are times when you are guilty, and you are guilty of holding a sword that is not guilty of Kouchi. My daughter, a pitiful but ghostly daughter, I want to marry him not because I want to hug him, not because I miss him, I'm ashamed to say that I'm now on hand. If "Moto" is suddenly "Funyoi", then if you fall in love with Itayu's property, you can say that your daughter has no love, and because you have property, you have love, hahahaha. "
The main set spit out a hateful poisonous mouth. Kouchi's mouth was given medicine so that he couldn't make a voice, but his ears seem to be sufficient to hear this poisonous mouth.
When Kouchi heard the words of the main set, he shook his head violently and made a painful expression. The main set was still looking at the situation with a drunken eye,
"Well, listen, sadly, this marriage that I carried up to nine minutes seems to be broken in a terrible place. It's nothing else, that's the work that Noto Komai does, then that wise man." Noto Komai got in the way and the regrettable marriage was about to break, unfortunately, I'm angry. "
At this point, Kamio Shuzen seems to have become a genuine "Shomei" drunkard.
"I'm angry when I touch the tantrum, so I'm going to think of it as Noto Komai, and I'll play with it so much that I'm hungry, and I'll play with it."
Kamio Shuzen shook himself with Buru Buru, and suddenly took Kouchi's collar hair and pulled it out.
"No, Notomori Komai, what should I do with this Kamio main set, how should I know the main set, and what should I do?
The power was pushed down extremely forward. Immediately after being pushed down, Kouchi struck him again,
"Skinny Notomori Komai, no-speaking Notomori Komai, Notomori Komai who is pushed down and immediately thrusts at him, what should I do with this Kamio main set? I feel sick when I see it, fast. "
It also pushed the force extremely sideways. Roll it over and immediately raise it again,
"If you push it forward, it will fall forward, Notomori Komai, if you roll it sideways, it will roll sideways, Notomori Komai. How can I heal this belly? "
While doing this, the liquor of Kamio Shuzen gradually became bulky. Brutality has increased.
With Kouchi's collar hair, I pulled out this tatami room with Zunsun.
If you pull out the tatami room and open the door, it will be on the porch. From the porch to the backyard, the main set pulled down Kouchi. I was jumping into the garden with tabi barefoot.
This time, I pulled it over the soil and pulled it to the side of the old well.
Perhaps when the drunkenness grows like this, you no longer know what to do for yourself. It seems that the brutal nature of a beast is added with acceleration.
When Kouchi was dragged to the sink of the old well and pushed out there, Kamio Shuzen put his hand on the rope of the car well and pumped up the water sharply.
"Thou shalt be thou shalt"
The main set was pouring the pumped water over Zabri and Kouchi.
Kouchi, whose hands were tied and his legs tied, was bathed in water and jumped up by two shaku. I jumped up and fell down again.
Kamio Shuzen laughed with a heartfelt laugh and started to fetch a second glass of water again.
"Hahahaha"
The second cup of water was pumped up and poured again from around Zabri and Kouchi's face. Kouchi jumped up about a shaku.
Because there is no one in the large old mansion, there is nothing to come to this place. The person who took care of the food and clothing for the people here was the family of a farmer in this neighborhood, but it didn't come here except at certain times.
No matter what the encounter, Kouchi couldn't say a word at last. The main set pumped up a third cup of water for this brutal and entertaining game.
"Hahaha, this is the water that Shingen used for military purposes, it's quite cold water, it's water that cuts your fingers when you put your finger in it, Shingen put gold in the bottom of this water, so The water is so cold, come on, drink another glass of this cold water. "
Holding the fishing bottle 《Tsurube》, the Kamio main set staggered as he tried to pour the third glass of water from Kouchi's head. I poured only one-third of the water I was trying to pour into Kouchi into my pocket.
"Oh, it's cold"
When the main set dropped the fishing bottle, the fishing bottle fell into the well. The main set, which had failed, started to fetch the fourth cup of water without letting go of the rope of the fishing bottle. It seems that he has forgotten his interest in the brutal nature of himself when he puts his hands together and works hard with Eun Eun.
Poor Kouchi will not be able to pay unless the main set is the victim of a drunkenness and is tampered with. It is unlikely that it will fit unless the corpse is shattered after being tampered with.
The main set pulled the rope with all its strength as if it were a devil. I pushed the fishing bottle up to the top of the well car with too much force. The water in the well splattered at once as if the waterfall broke into rocks.
"Hmm"
Immediately after that, Kamio Shuzen went back a few minutes to see what happened. .. The rope of the fishing bottle was broken. The fishing bottle made a terrible noise and fell to the bottom of the well alone. Kamio Shuzen, who ate a hazumi and smashed his butt mochi, couldn't get up for a while.
"Kamioden, Kamioden"
After a while, Kamio Shuzen was awakened by someone.
"Ah……"
When the main set noticed, there was a person who was holding the Odawara lantern on his face, and there was also a person who was holding his body from behind.
"Kamio-den, be sure to have your mind, I'm Kobayashi, I'm Kobayashi Bungo."
I said that I was holding it from behind. That is Bungo Kobayashi, the instructor of Kendo. Kobayashi was dressed like a companion, Chugen, and wore a half-haired feather on the signboard, with only one wakizashi.
"I'm not injured, I just broke the rope of the fishing bottle, so I just smashed the bottom mochi and fainted."
It was Uji Yamada's Yonetomo who pointed out the Odawara lantern and said this.
The Kamio main set that I finally noticed wasn't cut or stabbed, so I immediately returned to my sanity.
"Is this this Bungo Kobayashi?"
At this time, the main set was also awakened from the madness of the drunkenness. That made me feel awkward, and I wasn't wondering why Shihan Kobayashi came here in such a dress. ,
"If you don't like it, you're actually a little sick, so to drink the water of the awakening, you're going to draw water and look like this. Why are you here?"
"We had a person asking, and when we asked him and came to this point, he just lost sight of him ..."
"That's it, anyway, until that"
Kamio main set has stood up. When I tried to guide Kobayashi into the mansion first,
"What's wrong with this, d, a man is tied up here and collapses, but what's wrong with this?"
It was Yonetomo who shouted loudly and waved the lantern.
"Oh, that's a madness, so I'll water it for curing."
Kamio hatefully abandoned it.
"No matter how mad you are, if you pour water on the well side" Idobata "and leave it alone, it will freeze and you will die."
Yonetomo sympathized. Kamio turned to Kobayashi instead of looking at Yonetomo just by looking at him.
"What kind of person should you be a human being?"
"To ask Tsujigiri's songwriter," Kusemono, "which has a reputation in the city these days."
"So that's it"
"From Yofuke to Akagata, I change my clothes and ask every night, but I don't want to meet him. Tonight, the suspicious person I saw at Yanagikoji, when I followed the appearance, I entered the graveyard of Yoboji Temple and the guard was unknown, and when I tried to turn back, I had a plot. This man, a similar suspicious person, said that he had just gone to the old castle, so the two of them chased after him and certainly admitted to the back of the mansion. It's not the songwriter who asks, but the master Kamio-den works with this body. "
Bungo Kobayashi talked about the general situation and laughed bitterly.
"well well"
When Kamio heard that, he felt like he wouldn't fall into the air, and when he came to the side of the tatami room and looked into it from the porch, the fire of the round lantern, which was a problem, was extinguished. Because it was, it was pitch black inside.
Fortunately, Yonetomo had an Odawara lantern. Even though I wasn't asked, I was carrying Kouchi and came to the porch.
The main set and Kouchi were sent into the tatami room, and Bungo Kobayashi and Yonetomo quit there and went outside.
After that, the main set lay down in the tatami room, examined the poems, and talked about Shinuchi, but eventually he got up again as he remembered. The lantern that Yonetomo moved from the lantern was on fire. Under the lantern, Kouchi was left in the water. The main set came to the side and
"Kouchi, I made you feel very painful, which one, I'll forgive you, loosen the rope and send it."
That said, I started to untie the knot of Kouchi's rope that was tied up. It seems that the drunkenness has stopped, but the sickness has not yet awakened.
It seemed that it was finally troublesome, and the main set pulled out the petite 《Kozuka》. I cut the rope with the petite.
Although the wrist rope was cut in this way, Kouchi was sick.
"Hahahahaha is quiet"
Said the main set, laughing. Then I cut the ankle rope with the same petite.
When the rope was cut into the ankle, Kouchi's legs became free.
Although both hands and feet were free, Kouchi did not move perfectly. That should be it, because Kouchi had been out of breath since the time when he was about to be bathed in the third glass of water.
"Haha, I've been in dire straits for a long time, I'll forgive you, go out wherever you want."
Kamio Shuzen said this and looked at Kouchi for a while, but Kouchi didn't move any further.
"Hahahaha"
Said the main set, laughing in a seizure again and lying down as it was. When I lay down, I fell asleep with Guugu while I picked up Shinnai's Akegarasu and picked it up to make a nose song.
At the time when the main snoring snoring finally became high, Kouchi's body moved a little. Kouchi's eyes, which had been breathing, were covered with something like a white cloud. Kouchi waved like a dream. It was the first time I noticed it, and it took me some time to realize myself, but in the end, Kouchi returned to me.
The first time I returned to myself, the light of the lantern came into my eyes. It was when I realized that my hands were free before I knew it.
When I knew that, my courage increased ten times and one hundred times at a time, and it was strange that I woke up with my weakened body, but when I woke up, I was happy and my legs were free. It was.
If you look at it, a samurai is sleeping in the shadow of the lantern.
Kouchi was horrified. A villainous man named "Gokuakunin" who suffered and suffered himself for a long time occurred unevenly, but that hatred did not go to the point of revenge. It has been occupied with fear.
The idea that he had to escape from this place no matter what he put, and the idea that he had to escape, came closer to him before and after, so Kouchi pushed the door on the porch and opened it. I did. I opened the door with all my might, went out to the porch, fell off the porch, finally got up again, ran out of the garden and fell again. I fell down again and woke up again. The appearance was like having a dream of scooping up the legs, chased by a demon from behind, but no one is chasing after him.
When Kamio Shuzen fell asleep, Kouchi started rolling, and it wasn't enough, Ryunosuke Tsuki came back.
As usual, I was wearing Sojuro's hood, but the face that was always blue was paler.
"Kamioden, Kamioden"
When he came under the lantern and evoked Kamio who was sleeping, Ryunosuke was worried about the area around his chest.
"Hi, Mr. Desk, where were you going?"
Kamio main set finally got up again.
"I went to a night out"
While saying that, when Ryunosuke laid a long sword on his side with one hand, Kamio Shuzen looked around the chest of Ryunosuke's example.
"Ya!"
Kamio retired a little as a rush.
Ryunosuke, who was concerned about the area around his chest, holds a white object hanging slightly below the haori in his right hand, and holds the haori on the left, trying to forcibly remove it. There is.
Kamio looked at it and was screaming because the white object that Ryunosuke was trying to tear off looked like a human hand.
It didn't look like a human hand, it must be a human hand.
"What happened to Ryunosuke-den?"
The main set also seemed to be sickening.
"It's hard ... it's clinging ... I just can't get it."
Ryunosuke tried to tear off the human hand from the haori collar while saying so, and still put effort into it.
"What's wrong?"
The main set was asked again.
"This is ... this wrist ..."
Ryunosuke put a lot of effort into abandonment and pulled the hand of a human hanging from the haori.
"Did you slash or slash a person ..."
The main set sticks out the face and tries to see the wrist as serious.
"Can't you get it?"
"I can't get it"
"let's see"
"I jumped here as soon as I slashed, so I slashed again, I fell down leaving only my wrist, and that wrist stuck here and I couldn't leave."
"Let's let me go"
Kamio Shuzen came in front of Ryunosuke's chest and touched his wrist, seemingly creepy.
"Isn't this a woman's arm?"
"Oh, a woman's arm."
"Did you kill the woman?"
"Um, I killed a woman"
"Why cut, where ..."
Then, for a while, the inside of the old mansion was lonely, but
"Hahaha, are you told by me to defeat Notomori Komai?"
Ryunosuke Tsuki's voice was low, but it was transparent in the corner of the tatami room.
"Rebuke, quietly"
It was suppressed so that Kamio Shuzen was afraid.
Then the talk continued in a soft voice. Sometimes my voice became loud, but I couldn't hear it well. After a while, the Kamio main set
"No, there is no Kouchi. Kouchi ran away."
I heard a screaming voice.
I missed Kouchi because I missed it. It seems that the main set was unaware of what he had done so far.
After that, it seemed that he suddenly made a noise and opened the shutters to see it, or went out to the garden to see it, but in the end, he did not know where Kouchi escaped. In that case, it seems that Kamio Shuzen started to be upset so much that he couldn't stay still.
The main set returned with a rush. Ryunosuke was alone after the main set returned.
"Kamio Shuzen has no in-laws to ask me to defeat Notomori Komai and others, and I have no grudge to defeat Notomori Komai, I am a person. I'm slashing because I want to slash, I can't live without slashing people-I'm sure I'll slash up to 100 people, slash 100 people, slash 100 people again, I don't want to slash strong people, I want to slash weak guys, I want to slash men, but I also want to slash women, oh Kofu is narrow, I want to go to Edo, I want to go out to Edo and people want to slash. I feel like I'm in the mood for that moment. I'm screaming for help, and I'm slashing, oh my heart is transparent, I'm dying. "
Ryunosuke searched to the left of the seat and picked up the sword of Masashige Tegarasan.
"I slashed tonight with this. She cried for help with her voice. I don't know if she was a young woman or old. Did she have a beautiful face?" I don't know if he had an ugly face. What if he was a young woman, what if he was a beautiful woman, I just had to slash, and if I slashed, my chest would be transparent. As soon as I slashed my voice, I slashed again because I cried because I clung to it, so this one arm remained clinging to my haori. "
Ryunosuke seemed to stick to the incense of blood remaining on the sword. The body is also buzzing, and it seems that water flies from the sword in my hand.
"I used to want to slash if I wasn't a strong guy, I didn't want to slash if I wasn't a responsive guy, nowadays I want to slash a weak guy, I'm crying for help Ah, I want to slash a person so that his throat dries. That Kouchi and others seem to have escaped, the long-lasting poor man seems to have escaped, at least he should have slashed. I want to try, I can't slash alone. Why do people want to slash so much tonight? "
Ryunosuke was ringing a really dry throat. It's a dry throat because you want to drink blood.
"Oh, Kofu is small, two people can't cut in one night, I want to go to Edo, if I go to Edo, I can cut to my liking-tonight, tomorrow night I have to refrain. Isn't there a way to go to Edo that isn't in the land of Kofu? If I don't go out to Edo and kill people as I want, I can't live. "
He was smelling the blood of a sword like a crazy person.
[# 9 indentation] Nine [# "nine" is a middle heading]
The next morning, the city of Kofu boiled again. That is because there was Tsujigiri again.
The way of making noise, the way of surprise and the way of fear were even more serious than before because it was the woman who was slashed. Until now, none of the slaughtered women. It was a woman who was killed last night.
It was a young couple who had a kimono shop in Yokaichi and had no money. The wife was cut in front of the gate of Ryoen Temple. It was this Akakata.
The young wife said that there was a cute boy born this year between the young couple at this dry-goods dealer's small shop, Kodana, who suffered and fainted in the middle of the night probably because of an insect. I knew that it was midnight and that Tsujigiri was popular these days, but I couldn't afford to reconsider, so I went to pick up a doctor who lives in Ryoenji.
My husband didn't even realize that he would pick up a doctor on behalf of his wife, so he didn't know what to do with a fainted child. It is a thing.
A neighbor came to me, but my wife didn't go home and the doctor didn't even come to me.
This turmoil began when the neighbors turned on the lanterns and picked them up at Ryoen Temple.
My wife shouldn't go home, and the doctor shouldn't come--the young wife was cut in front of the gate of Ryoen Temple.
Unthinking people bring their astonishment, horror, and horror as they are, and throw them in front of the young host, so the young host goes mad immediately on the spot. I did.
I threw out the child I was holding and started laughing.
When I saw the people who came, I laughed and laughed. I laughed and laughed when I saw the miserable corpse of the wife, who was brought by the fishing platform.
Fortunately, the child who fainted once was revived by the doctor's visit and began to show an innocent laughing face, but the laughter of his parents became unlimited and liberal. I did. While the people were making noise, the young host laughed and disappeared somewhere with Hui.
With this, the small kimono shop in Yokaichi has collapsed. A peaceful family consisting of a charming mother who made young people around the area burn Okayaki, a complimented host, and a lovely child in between, is a peaceful family. I got rid of it.
The top and bottom of the city sweared about who the murderer was, and sweared at him. Not only did he swear at his role, but he was willing to create a private police force to get rid of Tsujigiri.
Fortunately nothing happened that night, but the next day, the townspeople were able to see a scene that was neither pitiful nor miserable.
The young owner of the kimono shop, who went mad and was entrusted to his relatives, was walking around the town without any notice while carrying the child on his back and saying something.
The young host was walking around without any idea, but sometimes he laughed with a laugh when he took a rest. Then the child on his back is happy and laughing again.
As soon as he knew about them, Ryunosuke Tsurugi gently escaped from the old mansion of the azalea ｜ Saki 《Saki》 just in the middle of the third night.
I wore a hood, put on a haori, put a sword on it, and put on a bamboo cane, as usual, and before I knew it, I showed it to the eastern back of Atagocho. When I came there, when I heard the footsteps of many people from Sakaimachi, Ryunosuke leaned under the tower of the bell of time like a spider. I stuck it and overcame the footsteps.
"This is Kennon."
Some of the corps that passed by said that they were standing under the bell turret for a while with a six-shaku stick.
"For those who slash, this is the kind of research, but no one comes all the way to this kind of place."
I said that and went too far. This looks like a group of ashigaru organized to guard Tsujigiri. After doing this, Ryunosuke quietly came out from under the turret again.
Cross the moat and you will see the street of Sakai Town. The castle of Kofu is on the right, and the prison on the left is the lonely street in it. As you walk along the streets toward the busy city, you can see that Ryunosuke's intuition has developed surprisingly. It seems that the ingenuity of listening to people's footsteps from one town and two towns and sneaking into a high wall or a tree is a result of the subtlety of the ninja technique.
A ghost seems to come out when a person passing by is surveyed from the shadow, examined whether it should be cut and discarded, and then overtaken and emerges from the shadow.
Although it came out to the third 廓 《Kuruwa》, Ryunosuke still seems to have not found a suitable partner. Ryunosuke turned to the east and walked around the stay of the third palace at a right angle. When you turn to the east, the castle is on your back, the prison is on your left, and Chozenjiyama is on the line.
"Gap, it's cold"
"It's cold in the world of extermination"
Only five people came together.
"I drank a glass of potatoes, but when I came here, it got colder."
"Tsujigiri!"
"No, I'm sorry."
I was silent here. Shake as you said,
"Hahahaha"
I laughed loudly like Tsukigenki and turned toward the prison.
Ryunosuke, who overcame that and still walked along the edge of the temple, stopped by in front of a certain temple gate.
Ryunosuke tilted his neck and tried to poke the ground with a cane. The earth didn't make a strange noise. However, at this time, the town and the yard were all covered with something like fog. The Yagura, the tower of the Nippon Maru, which towered and showed its shadow earlier, disappeared because of that. The gate of the temple that is standing now and Ryunosuke in front of it have been wrapped in the mist-like haze.
The night in the town of Kofu, surrounded by the mist-like mist, was quiet at this time. In the quiet time, Tsujigiri in the town, as usual, is passed by a member of the Tsujigiri guard group with a six-shaku stick. The only thing that shouldn't be strange is that the child seems to be crying and walking along one of the quiet and noisy night paths of the town of Kofu.
Ryunosuke Tsuki was standing alone in Nyoho Anya because he heard the child's crying voice. This is because the crying voice of the child gradually came closer to me.
"Moshimoshi"
That said, there was something that suddenly spoke from the mist-like mist.
It seems that it was only called by seeing Ryunosuke. In the case of Naze, Ryunosuke himself never thought that there would be other people walking around here in the middle of the night besides Ryunosuke.
"Moshimoshi, I would like to ask you a little."
While saying this, he was approaching.
If you look at the place where you are approaching, it seems that the child is crying on his back. Ryunosuke just stood silent.
Here too, Ryunosuke struggled to push the hearts of those who approached him, even himself.
In particular, with the back of the Chinomi River, the hearts of those who call themselves in the middle of the night are unfathomable.
"Moshimoshi, I would like to ask you a little."
Ryunosuke listened to the footsteps of the approaching person, but the footsteps are the footsteps of one person. I don't think he's been drawn to anyone other than the child on his back. There is no further situation in which a person who is concentric with Yoriki and who is an ashigaru dwarf is approaching with Otori [# "Otori" as an emphasis mark]. was.
"Moshimoshi, I would like to ask you a little."
There is a person who brings himself to the bare under Ryunosuke's sword without any fear and foolishness.
"What do you want to hear?"
Ryunosuke replied with regret.
"Oh, nothing else, but I'd like to ask you a little bit, that's my wife, my wife is still young and pretty charming. "
Ryunosuke was stunned at this point and was stunned. Oh, it's wrong! Reasonably ...
"It's my wife, where did it go? I'm in trouble if I go out to that wife, but she's a pretty charming and lovable woman. Because it is, all the neighbors also praised the prize, so I was also good friends with me, it suddenly disappeared. So, I'm also worried, and the little boy cries like this, so I'd like to get Mou back home somehow. "
Finally, I came to the side of Ryunosuke and took the 袂 《Tamoto》 and pulled it with Guigui.
"I don't know"
"Mr. Left, according to people's story, it was cut in front of Ryoenji, but is there such a thing, hey, my husband, that's a lie."
When he was told to pull the 袂 in succession, Ryunosuke shook himself and looked down at the man's face with his invisible eyes.
There was an epilepsy in Kofu. This is where the children of those with a higher status or higher status, or those with a considerable status among farmers, study. That evening, many children gathered at this encyclopedia. Most of them have bangs.
This gathering does not have any particular negotiations with the noisy Tsujigiri issue at this time. However, sometimes we gathered in this way, and the youth's flames and discourse were lively and bravely talked.
Even if you hear what is being talked about here, it does not mention the current situation in the world or the problem of Tsujigiri of Ichii.
The topic among them was a consultation about trying to unite with each other and climb a mountain in the near future. Consultations were advanced to where to decide which mountain to climb. Since it is a country of Kai, there is no shortage of mountains. It is a debate on which of the many mountains to choose.
"Limited to Mt. Fuji"
There was an expansion of the major companies. At the same time, Mt. Fuji is worthwhile, which can be easily understood by looking at ancient records. However, since the Middle Ages, Mt. Fuji has been called Suruga Fuji, Suruga Fuji, and Fuji has been taken to Suruga. Some have argued that it was an extraordinary ten million things that had been done, and that those who were worth the effort had to regain their name.
However, this theory remained problematic in fact, despite the fact that things were refreshing.
"Let's climb Tenshigatake"
Some argued. Because the name is precious, it seems that young people have said such a thing.
With those first, various theories came out. There was also a thing that Mt. Kinpu was good at the back of Mitake. Alternatively, some recommended Mt. Tenmoku. Some of them were a little farther away to specify Komagatake.
As the names of the mountains are called, the terrain of the mountains, the legends that arose from the mountains, and so on, are talked about by blowing bubbles from the mouth of the youth, so the market price of the mountains is quite decided. not.
In the meantime, there was a theory that Yabusame should be played. This theory was likely to become a fairly powerful theory. The theory that Yabusame, which is held at Hachimangu Shrine, has been abolished for a long time, and that it should be caused, is a theory that has grounds and reasons for these children's theories.
On the other hand, there was a gentle theory that we might even have a Noh event. It wasn't a big force, but some of them are quite enthusiastic.
In the discussion, I didn't see any decision easily, but in general, I agreed that I should have a youthful event at the epilepsy hall in the near future and get a lot of energy. It is. So, referring to the various discussions that came out tonight, it was only possible to make a draft by the next meeting.
Then, in an attempt to seek as many supporters as possible from each person's claim, there was also an attempt to make a speech during the chat. As the night goes on, the seats are finally getting more and more exciting.
By the time these guys announced the dissolution and left the gate of the Encyclopedia, the mist-like haze was spreading on the night of the darkness. The latter cannot even see the shadow of the former. For the first time, the young people were wary when the former man called the name of the latter man and tried to return to his desired home from the front of the gate.
It's already late at night. There is a haze on top of the darkness. When I go out of the gate on such a night, I can't help but become a person in the rumors of the world these days.
As they said, three people and five people gathered together. Some were empty, but some were loaded with bamboo swords and tools. Among the boys who wanted to do Noh, Mine was particularly good at it, and there was also a song called "Utai". Even more so, Suzukayama, which is close by, the sea of ​​Ise when I look at it ... When I was screaming, it seemed like I really liked it.
There is a drum sound somewhere. It seems that young people in the vicinity are practicing Hayashi. The sound of putting in the large torso, the whistle, and the sound of shagiri echoed in my hand.
"They have a lot of patience, and sometimes they're doing cold training at night. They even hit the drums, blow the whistle, and even wear the idiots and dance. I have the patience of that street, so even if I suffer for 10 to 20 years, I can't seem to be good at it.
When I heard the lessons of the song, there was something that said something like this.
"I can't do a guy who can't do it even if I suffer for the rest of my life ..." Is only seventeen, and although it is not so different from us, I heard that there is a master of swordsmanship that there is nothing inside or outside of this Kofu castle. "
Many of their boys' armies wore clogs. I was walking on the frozen ground with my clogs and kicking with Karancolon.
"Where is such a person?"
I went forward and looked back. Looking back, I still can't see each other.
"I'm in this Kofu"
"Nani, if there is a person like the one on the left in Kofu? Then I would like to be taught, by all means."
After all, I stopped loading the swordsmanship tools that had been moving forward.
"I'm in Kofu, but my whereabouts have changed, so I can't afford to introduce you."
"What if your whereabouts have changed? If it was near this Kofu, it wouldn't be a pain anywhere, let's go and receive teaching."
"It can't be helped because it's a place we can't go and the other side can't come to us either."
"There can be no such place"
"In other words, because we are in this prison in Kofu, we cannot meet and the other party cannot come out."
"Is there still a boy and a master of kendo in Kofu's prison? What the hell was that and what was the crime of being connected to the prison?"
"It's called Utsuki Hyoma, and I can't get out of prison because I'm suspicious of breaking the money storehouse. I heard that in Edo, a teacher named Toranosuke Shimada learned the direct shadow, and then the treasure house. It is said that few people will stand in front of Kofu Castle, let alone inside and outside of Kofu Castle, when they reach the secret of the spear of the temple. "
"Is that kind of person breaking the money storehouse? That would be a false charge, isn't there any way we can get rid of that false charge?"
It is hard to tell whether they are walking in the mist or standing still.
A group of boys from the epilepsy hall walked through the mist while discussing such things.
The mist was finally getting darker where the darkness was getting darker. Although it is called mist, it may be better to call it fog. Or maybe the cloud is hit. It seems that the top and bottom are painted with whitewash in the ink.
When a pair of them pointed towards the Jinya,
"Oh, you can hear the baby crying, you guys."
There was something to say.
"So that's it"
I listened to it. Indeed, there is a baby crying. It's nothing if you're crying inside the house, but it's like crying from town to town outside the house.
Therefore, the boys became a group again,
"Hate, I'm trying to walk the road with my child crying this night ..."
"Moshimoshi"
From the thick and dark darkness and haze, words suddenly came to me. It's not a child's word,
"Thank you a little, where did my wife go, where did my mom go, I haven't come back yet."
The boys were surprised by the unexpected words. It ’s scary, Ning.
"Who is it?"
Who did it, but it didn't seem to be heard, and while going to the opposite side,
"Hello, I'd like to accept a few things, but my mom hasn't come back yet, where did my wife go?"
There, the boys
"Maybe a madman"
"It ’s a madman."
I feel sorry for saying that.
The madman and the ill-tempered man couldn't even hear the footsteps for a while, but eventually the crying voice of the previous child heard him to walk from town to town in a different direction. ..
"It's dangerous, I'm walking with my child on my back in the middle of the night.
"That must be the case. But in such a noisy time these days, walking this night is the same as carrying firewood on your back and running into the fire, as long as you don't get injured. "
"If you come here, you can't help it because you've gone away from something that you'll want to take back home."
"It's not just about that guy, we should be careful too ..."
They said this and started walking again. Of course, some of these boys are brave and some are frightened. However, if you put it together like this, you will be able to protect even the brave, and the frightened will be assimilated into the brave, and will be dominated by another mind that is united by the brave.
The crying voice of the child in the example disappeared as if it was pulled. At that time, the sound of something that pierced my ears suddenly occurred. In the sound of things, it was a lively voice, but unlike before, I was brave enough to respond to the human intestines. It was a terrible cry.
"Well, what's that voice?"
"Isn't it a wolf?"
"Isn't it a bear?"
The boys stopped again, but listened to the barking voice,
"After all, it's like a dog."
It was just the voice of a dog that started barking. It was a dog's voice, but it doesn't seem to be a normal dog's voice.
Aside from that, it is the old man, the keeper of the prison in Kofu, who is safe even on the night of darkness and haze.
The old ambassador has a lot of money. Anyone who has money in prison can ask an ambassador to buy various things. The money that I had at the beginning was taken up by the officials and handed over little by little as needed, but with the money that was handed down little by little, I asked the old man of the ambassador to keep it secret. You can buy various things.
Some of them buy ginger and Nikko pepper. Some of them buy paper shogi boards and pieces to enjoy the game. Some of them were bought by Takekan and read. When I was in trouble because I didn't have the vegetables, I bought ginger and Nikko soybean paste, as well as Yatara miso and boiled dyed sardines, and gave them a large-scale behaviour. In addition, there was also a luxury item that survived the cold by taking out two or three cars and buying blankets. Some people bought one additional piece of 袷 "matching" and layered it.
Alcohol was strictly forbidden, but if you ask the ambassador to buy medicine, he will buy shochu and nao.
The ambassador receives a commission each time. In addition to receiving commissions, you can also pay for it. Since the counterfeit money messenger entered this prison these days, the moisture of this ambassador has increased again. Therefore, the ambassadors these days are riches, and the world is finally Taihei.
From 4:00 pm to 9:00 pm, there is a tour of the officials who only serve the role. At that time, the ambassador and the guard
"I'm going to look around."
When I walked around each prison with a forerunner, everyone in the prison
"Thank you for your hard work."
It was a rule to say thank you.
With this money, Kofu's prison guard, who was Taihei Tenka, must still do a considerable amount of responsibility as long as he is on duty.
"Hahaha, the second counterfeit money messenger, Yabei, is the one who can talk because he's just trying to use the counterfeit money. It's a guy who makes the fluffy and heavy. Compared to that, the samurai samureagari is unpleasantly knowledgeable and the drug has a weak eye, but even so, it's my convenience. All the yard is a good match for the customer type. "
Hold the lantern and stand up while rubbing your sleepy eyes.
"Wonder if there"
I held a lantern over the regular "Gojorei" and looked into the first prison.
The lack of a reply should be proof that you are sleeping well. The prison guard nods and is in front of the second room,
"Wonder if there"
Although I held the lantern over the regular and looked inside the grid, there was no reply here either.
If the world is too peaceful, it will be creepy. I should always reply to one or two people, but since there is no one to reply through the second, the prison guard is too sick of Taihei, and even more often peeking through the grid,
"Oh?"
I was astonished.
At this time, the outside of the prison was also wrapped in the color of the night, which was also painted with ink and whitewash.
"Haro, Jailbreak, Jailbreak!"
This voice arose from the corner inside the prison, and Taihei inside and outside the prison was torn at one time.
"Swa!"
The fuss. With Takahari and lanterns, the prepared items were squeezed from the hands of concentric prisoners with a tremendous noise.
However, because the haze is deep, the light of both Takahari and lanterns does not reach far. People make noise in the sink of a bathhouse where the lamps are off, and you can't see each other. The situation and the prisoners have no clue as to which way they escaped in which direction.
"Meet, meet"
I heard a voice under the high wall around the outside to the north, so the same group went in the same direction as a sign of that voice.
"wait!"
I heard a voice saying.
"Hmm"
Along with a roaring voice, there was a rattling noise of people falling down.
"Where, where did you escape?"
The same group proceeded through the mist with the aim of the roaring voice and the sound of people falling.
"I caught it!"
"It's a small tantrum!"
It seems that there was a big battle in the field as a noisy 《Kenken Moumou》.
"Lantern! Takahari!"
The same group shouted. Lanterns and Takahari were gathered there at once. With that light, the surrounding scene became bright as if a crimson "Beni" was shed. There, one prisoner is stormed like Ashura.
The rough prisoner was, in other words, a strange samurai who lived in the same room as Utsugi Hyoma. It was a samurai whose name was tentatively called Nanjo.
Nanjo still holds the sick Utsugi soldiers on his left side, and works his right hand and foot vertically and horizontally to take the concentric, minions, and hinins that come together, throw them, kick them, and fight like Ashura. It is.
Nanjo is pushed step by step toward the high wall while taking the approaching people as a sword, with the total high wall around the outside as the back. No, it doesn't seem to be pushed down, but it seems to go down from myself.
When Nanjo finally went down to the wall, he quickly touched one end of the wall. If you notice by doing that, a rope ladder "Nawabashigo" is hung down from the high wall that looks up.
This rope ladder was much narrower than a normal ladder. It was small, but it looked pretty sturdy.
It is not an ordinary rope. At this time, I can think of the paper twist that the strange samurai, who is a handicraft, has left to his spare time. It can only be seen that the paper twist is used as a ladder here.
When one hand and one foot were hung on the rope ladder,
"I caught it!"
Around that time, the catching method jumped like a locust plague.
At this time, a group of people struck out from the darkness and the mist where they came from.
They slammed into prison concentricity, prison guards, ambassadors and non-humans without saying anything. Some have logs or pieces of board in their hands, while others work by knocking down concentric or prison guards to steal their specialties.
Needless to say, this is a group of prisons in the second room, and the one who took the lead was the powerful samurai body "Samurai".
"Yabei-den, you should help Utsugi with Nanjo, and we will take care of the rest."
"Then I would like one such thing."
A non-human who admitted to running out a man called Yabei
"Hey, you're a counterfeit money maker, don't miss it."
It was assembled from the front and back
"Don't disturb"
The counterfeit money messenger threw them away.
"Give me Nanjo-sama and Terracotta Warriors, and I'm lighter, so come on out."
The counterfeit money messenger kicks off the entwined guy, receives the body of the soldier and horse from the hand of a samurai named Nanjo, hooks it on his back, and at the same time, one hand. When I put it in my pocket or threw it at Hugh and the wall, it was a straight line. The lightness of the body and the quickness of the work, which went up the high wall as if looking up, as quickly as an arrow, as the thin pull was stretched like a bowstring.
Nanjo, a sorcerer who saw it and exhaled relievedly, jumped into a large number of people and robbed the non-human's six-shaku stick.
"Igarashi!"
Screaming,
"Wow!"
A brave reply not far away.
It was around the time when this turmoil occurred in the prison that the boys in the epilepsy hall were surprised by the bark of a fierce dog on their way home.
After a while, people ran endlessly across the towns. A terrifying man ran from the direction they were about to return, snarling them who were already in the fog.
"What's wrong, what's the matter?"
"Jailbreak, Jailbreak, Jailbreak"
The boys curled up, and while shooting the arrow of question to the rushed people who surrounded them, each touched their sword. The reason was immediately apparent, and the allegations quickly cleared up.
Surrounded by the group number and the prison concentric. The reason why they were surrounded and inspected in detail was to investigate the sinners of the prison.
There, the boys learned that tonight, tonight, is finally a difficult night. This raised the idea that it would be safer to go home as soon as possible. However, when I was told that it would be a nuisance to go back to the Daikan Jinya, which is not far away, and that it would be investigated again and again, all of them laughed bitterly and again, for example. I walked around the place as if I was swimming in the haze.
They returned safely to their respective homes, but when they returned home, the commotion of the homes was even greater.
Many of their parents had a relationship with the prison, so it was not easy to make a noise when they returned home.
The prison is the second room, and the ones who escaped are two people in the first room, eight people in the second room, and ten people in total. The plan had been planned before Zut, and in both rooms the prison grid had been cut off with a sharp saw, which was covered with rice grains to hide it. That is. After that, it seems that he was waiting for a deep mist night like tonight. The masterminds were two suspicious ronin who had been trapped because they had entered Koshu from the Tohoku region and were exploring the terrain of Koshu. It was the man who used the counterfeit money that came in recently. Fortunately, by the time the prison guard was discovered, he was still wandering around, trying to overcome the high walls around the outside of the premises. Unfortunately, they were good at it, they were good at arranging the number of people, the catcher was upset, and it was a haze on this street, so everyone finally missed it. It means that.
Maybe the destination of the escape was the Chozenji mountain, so the pursuit turned to that direction. However, it was said that he was very alert in the town of Kuruwa, so he was also pursued.
Because the people in the Kumiyashiki are all oriented toward the pursuit method, there is no one who sleeps at home with the feeling that they will be away from the field.
There were some boys who tried to follow their parents, but they were withheld and instead they were on guard in the vicinity.
Everyone had imagined that the destination of the escape would be the mountain, but since it is the darkness of this street, even if you escape into the castle, you cannot recognize it. Whether you run towards the samurai residence in the yard or into the city, you can't just look at the figures and track them. People fly back and forth, but if you happen to meet, it's like these boys, it's like a madman carrying that child on his back, or otherwise it's like a match of the same role, and it's even more unresponsive.
"What the hell is this, it's like smoke, it's like fog, it's like it's hazy, the destination is sloppy, can I go forward or go back?" I don't know, most of the time, the clouds have come down, because this is a mountainous country, the clouds have rolled up from the mountains on all sides and captured the town of Kofu. There is a specification of patience, but on the day when such a thing came into the dark place, I could not see the fire of the lantern, and where was the castle turret "Yagura"? I don't have a clue. I thought I'd break the prison on such a night, it's still worse than the night of the storm, I don't know if I shook a giant and walked in front of me. I don't know who can escape, and I don't know who can escape. As I walk like this, the dog may hit a stick if I walk, so I don't care about anything.
Uji Yamada's Yonetomo also said such a small word, "Kuchikogoto", and went through the town of Kofu at night in the darkness and mist with the usual "Igaguri Atama" and lame foot "Biko". He is the one who pulls and holds the stick on his shoulder and hangs the Odawara lantern on his waist.
It was the state of Chimata in the town of Kofu that night that if a madman runs, a madman also runs. Yonetomo, who has just worn a sleeve with a collar and collar on his bare skin and thinks he is immortal, also lacks a sense of cold. It can be seen as much as possible.
"Yashishi, Yashishi"
Yonetomo made such a shout and ran out extremely vigorously. He has no idea where he is going, but he knows that there was a prison now by his mouth.
Yonetomo who went in this way suddenly on the way,
"Ah, ah, hey!"
It is strange that Benkei stood up, holding the stick on his shoulder at an angle, retreating back as if he were going back to the seven.
Of course, it was such a night, so I don't know what enemy appeared first and why Yonetomo suddenly stopped. If you just stop and look at the aponeurosis of a US friend who holds a stick, you can see that it is not a joke.
It was a stick when it was carried, but it was a spear when it was held. At this time, Yonetomo of Uji Yamada took a spear instead of a joke, held it in the middle and put it in the position of "town", which is exactly what he puts in the hall. It's kind of a comedy to say Yonetomo in a nutshell, but once you get serious about holding a spear, Yonetomo isn't an ordinary Yonetomo again. However, this Yonetomo has never shown such a strict attitude to Kan during the rush.
At Tenryuji Temple on the banks of the Tenryu River on the Tokaido, Yonetomo tried to get rid of the misunderstanding of the thief, Nusubito, against a large number of people. At that time, I was helped by a traveling superior, Yugyo Shonin.
At Tsurukawa on the Koshu Highway, we set up a place for Shuraba against Unsuke and others. At that time, they were ridiculed and messed up in a messy and illegal way. During this time, as soon as I tried to take care of him, I climbed up to the roof and escaped skillfully.
Now, I'm not a brave American friend like that time.
The spear of the waiting 《town》 contains the spear of the hanging 《hanging》. On both sides of it, the heart that is the weight of the rock stone is in a basket. The mysterious Kana, Yonetomo, who hardly relies on his master's biography, had the shape of the back of the three-body, three-sword, standing upright and holding a stick. Seen in this way, the shape of the Twelve Heavenly Generals, which is the time of Unkei, remains the same.
It's not the only mystery. Yonetomo himself couldn't know why Yonetomo was so serious about holding his spear. It would be strange if someone was there and surprised Yonetomo, especially when he was in the Gori fog on the street and didn't even know what appeared at the tip of his nose.
If you just look at the shape of the spear of Yonetomo, you can see that the shape of Unkei's carved twelve gods changes in various ways. I admit that the twelve gods are not limited to the twelve gods, but are transformed into twenty-eight people.
Raised the spear and said, "Oh," and showed it in the shape of a finger. A little far away, holding a spear, I showed it in the shape of Mahesvara. In addition, the eyes of the hanging spear shine like the eyes of Nanda Ryuou. When you say "yes" and jump up, the thunder god shows you in a shape that surprises the lower world. In Yonetomo, who isn't going to show it, the determination of life and death, which is not so easy, is full of eyes, face, and muscles, but the other party is in the dark night. If you look at it from a distance, you can only see that you are wrestling alone. After a while, Yonetomo jumped away for about five minutes.
I jumped back, repositioned my spear in the lower row, said ya, yaya, and exhaled a fire-breathing breath from my mouth, and I couldn't move any further.
Normally, the US friend is a lame foot, but the US friend with a spear is not a lame foot at all.
Yonetomo, who had his monkey-like eyes crisp and his spear on the bottom, was dripping oily sweat.
If this was also a normal U.S. friend, the U.S. friend-style epigram and the 啖 呵 "Tanka", who are good at this, would have poke their mouths and cursed the other party, but at this time, It seems that there is no room for words other than saying d or ya.
More important than that is that there is no chance of spear ears on the head of the stick. I couldn't afford to put the spear ears of my first-class ingenuity on my head, always keeping them in my pocket and taking them away when necessary. In many cases, Yonetomo does not recognize the need to shave the spear's ears. He could hold only the stick and use it for the need of a spear.
There was also the reason that if you shave the ears, you wouldn't be able to fit without seeing the blood, and if you didn't have the ears, you would simply punish the enemy.
It seems that Yonetomo can't afford to dare to do it, even though he doesn't care about it now that he has to shave his ears.
It's been a while since I jumped out for about five minutes,
"Hey, come out, come in, hide, don't be your opponent."
Finally, Yonetomo was able to afford to say so many words. Despite all these words, the attitude did not loosen at all. After all, Yonetomo fought against someone in this and now called for that opponent.
However, there is no reply so that no one can see in the dark night.
"Um, don't you hang up, if you don't hang up, say something, somehow, I'll hang up from you, give me a reply, hey, a word" Try to get rid of it, fast. "
Yonetomo went on to say, but he didn't come and didn't get a reply.
"It's a weird guy, if you slash it, you'll be slashed, so come out. Ah"
It's about time for Yonetomo's 啖 呵 《Tanka》 to start.
"Um, somehow I'm gonna vomit, I'm gonna go out from the guys, but that's not the case because it's the spear of Rizume. This is where you come out from the front side, if you're blind, you can't help it, but if you're not blind, don't come out. "
Said Yonetomo. It can't be helped if you're blind, but it wasn't intentional that Yonetomo said that if you weren't blind, you would come out. However, the other party never came out. Naturally, Yonetomo was weak.
"It's a weird guy, right now, when we flew back, when the front was chasing another sword, we weren't really in danger. Nani, body. It wasn't until it was cut, but the spear might have been cut in two. It's more embarrassing for us to cut the spear than to cut our body. I don't know that the front isn't chasing it. I wonder if I was slashing with the intention of testing our skills, or with the intention of slashing us with the real thing. I'm sorry, I'm gonna say hello somehow. "
While saying this, Yonetomo picked up his spear in his left hand and bent over. The other party certainly didn't have to worry about slashing, so I completely lost the shape, and then I reached out my right hand and scratched the ground. I just picked up an affordable stone and stretched my hips.
"It!"
Hugh and the wind were cut and the gravel 《crushed》 flew from the hands of Yonetomo into the dark night. Yonetomo, whose business was to accept what he threw, was also skillful at throwing at the same time. The gravel flying in the dark night could not be avoided by the saints either, but fortunately it seemed that there were no saints or ordinary husbands in the gravel target thrown by the American friend, and the other side. I just flew to Furuike or something and made a sudden noise.
Although the gravel flew in the sky,
"It's a point!"
Yonetomo shouted loudly. As I shouted, I swung the stick and turned it like a water wheel.
"It's dangerous, but he's a good one, he's been eating with it since the time of the hungry demon."
It was the petite Kozuka of the sword that stood up around the seventy-three of the sticks that were turned like a water wheel. In order to accept it, Yonetomo did not suffer as much as before. Hisayoshi, who received the shuriken of Goemon at the tower gate of Nanzenji Temple with a cassotte, did not try to pull out the petite that had bitten on the stick, but leaned back and picked up the pebbles. It was. When I picked it up, it flew out of my hand with Hugh. When I flew out of my hand, I picked it up again at Yatsukibaya. Picking up and throwing, picking up and throwing Yonetomo's gravel, which flew from the upper, middle, and lower three steps without a gap, like using a spear.
The gravel flew without any gaps, but as soon as there was no answer,
"Jailbreak! Jailbreak!"
This voice overwhelms the darkness and reverberates tremendously.
When he heard that, Yonetomo listened with a little refrain from the hand that was hitting the gravel. At this time, early
"Ah!"
With that said, Yonetomo fell back to the ground on his back for about five minutes, this time without a chance to regain his hips. Although he fell on his back, Yonetomo did not forget to hold the spear while falling. And for a while, it doesn't move in that shape, that is, in the shape of holding a spear while lying down. It's been a long time since Yonetomo stayed still in this shape. However, that was all, and it did not show any further bankruptcy. All this is a one-man play by Yonetomo. In the Gori fog, Yonetomo was playing alone in this way from beginning to end. However, Yonetomo still cannot get up from this stance. Sleeping in the middle of the road forever with the shape of a four-sided stool turned upside down is not quite strange from the perspective of others, but rice As a friend of mine, I'm sweating. Speaking of this time, for almost thirty minutes, Yonetomo was sweating and holding a spear. At that time, Yonetomo
"A"
After all, I shook the spear sideways while lying down, and this time there was an answer.
"one!"
Jumping off the stick that shook beside Yonetomo and jumping again, one! Because it was the voice of a dog that was not a human being and had a fairly large shape, Yonetomo suddenly rejected it as "Mukku".
"Idiot and crap"
"one!"
"Konsei"
"one!"
"I can't run away yet"
"one!"
"I'm going to beat you, this brute"
"one!"
"It!"
"one!"
As expected, Yonetomo was also taken aback. It must not be such a dog that I have been desperately dealing with until now. If the other party was a dog, Yonetomo would look like a twelve gods or twenty-eight members without any regrets, or the pedestal would be upside down. It didn't have to be shaped and slept on the road for half an hour.
Even though he was in the Gori fog, if there was an enemy who should be afraid to make a US friend, he would do a lot of hard work and show him a one-man sumo wrestling or a one-man play. It's no wonder that one dog came out to the end and tried to lick it, even if it was a rice friend, he was weak and stunned to get up. was.
"Konsei!"
Yonetomo became a business enthusiast and tried to knock down the dog. However, it is often the cause and effect that this dog does not easily escape even if it chases or scares again, and finally wants to jump near the rice friend and cling to it. ..
If Yonetomo swings the stick around, the dog will know and avoid it, and if he keeps the stick, he will not be disciplined and will soon come to the side again, barking, snorting, etc. I think it's just a dog that tried to rub its body and ate a lot of people. Yonetomo is ridiculous and angry.
"Maybe it's a rabies dog, kill me by hitting it!"
Yonetomo shook the stick with murder because it became difficult to put up with just hitting and paying. Under the stick, the dog barked louder.
"Oh?"
Yonetomo finally heard the dog's voice, "Kowane", without swinging down the stick. The dog came to the footsteps of his American friend without hesitation.
"Wait, wait, the voice in the foreground is like you've heard. Isn't it Muku, isn't it Muku dog?"
At this time, the dog snorted and entwined around the waist of his friend.
"I'll turn on the lanterns now, so wait, if the front is muku, I'm glad we're glad."
The Odawara lantern on the waist of Yonetomo had disappeared, but fortunately it was not broken. I was also careful about flint tools in it.
After all, the dog is Muku.
Soon after, Uji Yamada's Yonetomo and Muku dog came out with joy and joy.
However, the haze in the example does not seem to be haze at all, and it seems that it will finally get deeper. In the haze, I could hear the voices of prison, prison, here and there.
Now, those voices are no longer a problem for Yonetomo. Neither Tsujigiri nor Jailbreak now attracted the attention of Yonetomo, and he just ran to the place where Muku led.
Muku's guidance-you must be there.
Yonetomo has no memory of how he went around the town and how he went around the road. At Yonetomo, he just believes in Muku and runs with Tot.
"Muku, what's wrong?"
After a while, Yonetomo stopped. That's because the Muku dog, which had been running ahead of us, suddenly stopped at a certain point.
The Muku dog that stopped stopped constantly sniffing the ground. I was sniffing the ground, but what I thought was that I took the tip of my nose to the side on the road that should go straight.
"Where are you going?"
Yonetomo took off the waisted Odawara lantern and looked at Muku's destination. Of course, because it was the haze of the street, the light of the lanterns only worked at my feet. Although it doesn't work, Yonetomo sticks out the lantern, sniffs the ground, and sneaks to watch after the Muku dog who is sneaking out to the side. Neither is brave as before.
"Muku, in the foreground, you may have made a mistake on the road, you can't see this, both here are pine trees, and the outside of the trees is bushes, and the other side seems to be a field, okay. I wonder if you are in such a place, don't make a mistake. "
Yonetomo looked around the front, back, left and right as far as the light of the Odawara lantern allowed. Despite this, Muku never stopped going down the side street of the pine trees while sniffing the ground, so Yonetomo wouldn't hesitate to go after that.
After a while, Yonetomo was led to the front of one shrine, Hokora. The shrine is a desolate little one. When he was led by a Muku dog to the front of the shrine, Yonetomo gave him an Odawara lantern.
"This is Tenjin-sama, it's not different from Tenjin-sama's company" Yashiro ", but what happened to that Tenjin-sama?"
When Yonetomo was holding the Odawara lantern, the Muku dog, who was sniffing the soil, suddenly jumped up his huge body and jumped to the left of the company. I went around from and flew to the back.
"Muku, wait!"
Yonetomo hurriedly chased after that, and when he looked around behind this rough and modest Tenmangu shrine, the back was a forest of cedar.
Yonetomo believes in Muku. Yonetomo often believes that there are always serious reasons and circumstances where Muku leads, so he goes unquestionably into the depths of the cedar forest on the dark night above the Gori fog. You get it.
Soon after, when Uji Yamada's Yonetomo came out of this cedar forest, he was carrying a person on his back. Carrying a large man on the body of a small American friend, when he came out of the forest of fog, mist, and darkness, the Muku dog was brave and again in front of Tenjin. From the shrine, run along the pine trees to the guide face.
"Wait, Muku"
Yonetomo, who found a well by the road, thrust a stick in front of it and
"I let this person drink water, and I'm gonna have a dry throat."
Yonetomo throws a fishing bottle "Tsurube" to pump up water, and then wholesales the person on his back.
"Why don't you drink a glass of water, be confident, and ask yourself a word," Hey, who are you and what your name is, say a word. You can ask me. "
The man Yonetomo was trying to wholesale from his back and drink water was Kouchi. However, Kouchi is not an acquaintance of Yonetomo. Muku knows well, but he can't speak.
Kouchi was still alive. Evidence of being alive tells you to drink water, and you can see that you are constantly moving your mouth. You can also infer that you want to drink the water from the sound of your throat. But I wasn't willing to drink the water, I couldn't handle it, I couldn't even move my body.
"I don't have the specifications, then we'll drink it in the mouth right now."
Yonetomo poured it into Kouchi's mouth. Kouchi shook and drank the water.
"Wait, I'll give you another drink."
Yonetomo made him drink water again with his mouth down. I let him drink water until Kouchi's mouth was full and he was away from Yonetomo's mouth.
"Is it a little cheerful? If you get some cheerful, don't tell me your address, and I'll send you to that point."
However, Kouchi wants to reply and moves his throat with a jerk, but at last he can't hear the words.
"Well, no, Muku knows, Muku knows your house."
With that said, Yonetomo hugged Kouchi again and tried to put it on his back again. The obi that Yonetomo has defeated Kouchi is the one that borrowed the rope of the crocodile mouth of the shrine. When Yonetomo searched for the rope and tried to carry it back,
"Oh, it's getting cold, it's getting cold."
Shouted. Then, from Kouchi's wrist to the chest in a hurry,
"Hey, hey, if sputum is entwined in your throat, come on."
Yonetomo was upset.
"Hey, don't be kidding, don't die, I've rescued you with Muku, I'm dead now, don't do anything, live a little longer, live a little longer Hey, hey "
Yonetomo put his mouth to Kouchi's ear and called out loud. Nevertheless, Kouchi did not reply. Not only did I not reply, but it just got colder and colder.
"Don't be kidding, death, death, don't die."
Yonetomo wondered what he thought, holding a stick between his waist and carrying Kouchi, he ran out with a bang. Of course, Muku started running without being inferior to it.
[# 9 indentation] Ten [# "10" is the middle heading]
When the turmoil of the night was devoted to Noto Mamoru Komai's permission, Noto Mamoru went to work again in his costume and made a difference in his role.
After that, Noto Mamoru returned to his residence. I returned to the mansion and sat alone with a pillar in the guest room. There is a paulownia brazier in front of it, which is well filled with charcoal fire. On the face of Noto Mamoru, who was sitting there and screaming, I could see the color of swaying. Somehow it seems that there is some concern left in the bottom of my heart.
"You, you"
Eventually, Noto Mamoru called his favorite name with a not-so-high voice. I usually heard that voice, and I couldn't immediately hear your voice, which should be answered from the next time.
Although I didn't call Noto Mamoru again, I was relieved that he wasn't there. It is unusual for Noto Mamoru to have such an unreliable appearance on his face.
Did he feel the responsibility of the prison so strongly, or did his wife's illness left on the Edo table suddenly become serious, or something else would have to be a minor concern? For example, it cannot be sunk to this extent.
Even so, I can't think of any other important things that should make Noto Mamoru happy. The faction of Kamio Shuzen hated Noto Mamoru from the beginning, and it was not unknowing that Noto Mamoru was planning an exclusion movement. However, it was never the opponent of Noto Mamoru. You can't even quarrel with someone you don't know.
Since coming to Kofu, Noto Mamoru has hardly spoken about politics. It didn't do anything to add or subtract one from the old organization. The rule was at the mercy of his predecessor, Chikuzen Ota, and I was just training and researching cannons. So, even if I was called incompetent, I didn't do any overwork. Therefore, it is only a matter of emotion that Kamio and others hate Noto Mamoru, and they may not succeed in receiving jealousy at work, or they may fail to receive impeachment. I didn't.
Although the name is the rule of duty, in fact, Noto Mamoru did not try to wield the new knowledge or wield his brilliant arm because he was content with his apprenticeship. The young samurai, a servant, sometimes thought that it was unsatisfactory and made some dedications, but Noto Mamoru has no intention of using it at all. Therefore, it seems that he feels as if he was exiled to the island by advancing and retreating only a relatively small number of servants he brought.
What I said a little forcibly was about the time of the marriage problem of Kamio Shuzen during this time. It seems that the relationship between Kamio and the Fujiwara clan is still troubled because of that word of Noto Mamoru, but other than that, there is one behavior that Noto Mamoru hindered people's opinions or blocked the course. There is no such thing, so even if you are despised as incompetent, there is no evidence of resentment.
There was no such thing as being resented by the competitors because they collected people.
Speaking of the people that Noto Mamoru collected after coming here-it was as much as welcoming you from the Fujiwara family in Arino village. Even you, for some reason, was called by your husband, but there was no reply. Muku should have been there where you were, but I don't think Muku is in this house either because he didn't protect the gate on a tumultuous night like tonight. It can't be helped even if it is broken.
After a while, Noto Mamoru stood up and left this guest room and passed through the corridor.
"You"
In the room where Noto Mamoru stopped and opened the shoji from the outside, the high-legged "Takaashi" lantern "Andon" was shining brightly.
Noto Mamoru called your name when opening the shoji screen in this room, but there was no reply in your voice.
Although there was no reply from you, Noto Mamoru went into the room to hide and closed the shoji.
"You"
Noto Mamoru, who stood under the lantern, saw you crying with his face covered.
You were crying and did not reply. I didn't reply before, and I still don't reply. Even when the master came in, he didn't even raise his face to greet him, but rather the voice of a bribe was raised from under the struck sleeves.
"You are crying again."
With that said, Noto Mamoru is just standing with his eyebrows frowning and looking down at you in a cute way.
"Princess"
You were crying and still crying and said this.
"Please come over there, don't come here."
After saying this to the best of my ability, I can see my shoulders swaying in order to endure crying and crying.
"I didn't come when I called, so I came to you."
Noto Mamoru says as an excuse and does not even try to leave.
"Gozensama"
You called your husband again with the voice of 歔欷 《Surinai》. Then I turned to my heart and soul,
"I'm tired of having some free time."
"Give me some time?"
Noto Mamoru seems to have been surprised by your sudden remarks.
"Don't you say you want to stay in this house forever?"
"I'm ... I'm tired of having you stay with me forever, I was happy with that intention, but now ..."
As you have said so far, you are just trembling and crying because you can't speak anymore.
"Now, even if you want to run out, I can't forgive you."
The words of Noto Mamoru also had a sword.
"No"
Your reply was unexpectedly chilly. Then he shook his head from side to side, not as emotionally as before, but clearly with a willingness to refuse.
"Please come over there and come and visit us. This is the place where you can come and visit us."
"I still have something to talk about."
"No, I'm sorry to ask you anything, I'm sorry for being a person who has time to spare. If I have time, I'm sorry because I'm neither a master nor a servant."
"You can't understand"
"Well, I don't want to ask you anything anymore ... I'm tired of having some free time, I'm going home with some free time."
You finally couldn't stand it and cried with a cry.
Soon after, Noto Mamoru left your room and returned as a mournful 《Shioshio》.
Come to the original room, hold one hand over the brazier, and as pensively as before, do not even try to sleep yet.
The current state is like changing the master-slave place. It was an unexpected weakness for Noto Mamoru. I heard it as if you were selfish.
On the contrary, Noto Mamoru is itchy to say something that makes an excuse or pleads for you. You were crying all the time. Depending on how you look at it, I've been rushing through it. As expected, it would be no wonder that something like Noto Mamoru couldn't make a single arrow against the selfishness of you, and turned back with grief. Noto Mamoru, who was whispered like a person of a cheap person, can only be thought of as a cute Yuu man who is shaken and returns.
If you think about it, it's not that there are no rumors in the mansion these days. There is no rumor that the lord will love you, and there is a whisper from mouth to ear and from ear to mouth.
However, no one doubted the personality of the master because of that. From that position, he is a person who should be like a lord, so it is no wonder that many young women are left and right as maids, and that they live in the room as concubines. Ning: It was strange to the people around me that I wouldn't do that.
Noto Mamoru was too loyal to one wife. The fact that Noto Mamoru is content with a widow-like life despite having a wife because his wife is sick must be worried about his close vassals who value his family name.
The servant had a concubine as a serious responsibility for the house. However, Noto Mamoru seems to be unaware of it.
The fact that the Fujiwara clan in Arino Village invited you to the initiative of Noto Mamoru himself without sooting from anyone was more than a surprise to his servants. This was a rush.
Then, as the days went by, the servants did not want to be jealous or smoky that you would finally come true to your lord's liking. I was terrified.
It was only in the last few days that you began to fight to appear in front of this young, beautiful and wise lord-at the same time. It was two noticeable changes that the beautiful side of Noto Mamoru was covered with heavy clouds and the color of melancholy became visible.
When you don't meet people, you are in the room and crying. Noto Mamoru is stunned and often thinks without getting anything.
Even now, Noto Mamoru forgot to go to bed with the same feelings of melancholy. At this time, there was a sign of a person running in a hurry and stealthily in the corridor.
When Noto Mamoru raised his low neck and was concerned about the footsteps of that person,
"Den-sama"
It was you who had been crying until now who pushed the shoji and entered this room. Your behavior seemed to move crazy, unlike usual. Even so, the shoji that came in was closed, and I knelt down to the knees of Noto Mamoru so that he could collapse.
"Please excuse me"
After all, I cried.
"Sir, I'm sorry, I said I'm bad, I'm lying that I wanted to have some free time, I want to be with you forever ... forever Yes, please, lord, please be nice to me. "
You said this while crying. I cried again while writhing and writhing as if I was burying my whole body under Noto Mamoru's knees.
Until this time, the color of melancholy that had been mourning on the face of Noto Mamoru disappeared at once. Then, being fueled by the burning passion, the five bodies suddenly became hot.
"Well, if you're willing to do that, I'll never let you go, you won't be angry with anyone, from today you're not your servant, In this Noto Mamoru's room "
“…………”
"Then, if you can take care of your favorite maid and become the master of the room, know that you are not the one who is used by people, but the status of using people. It ’s good. ”
“…………”
I couldn't reply to you at all. If I was happy that the lord said this, why did I show him so much earlier? If you're not happy to be told this again, don't just say it's a different word right now.
Noto Mamoru lightly put his hand on his back when he couldn't reply at all and was still crying at the knees of this lord.
"Don't you think, but ... when your wife comes here, what should I do with you?"
"What's behind Nani? That's sick, and it's so healing."
"I'm sorry for the poor things, I'm sorry for the things I want to heal."
"I want to heal, but I'm seriously ill and have such a delicate body ..."
"Don't worry, even if you're sick, don't worry about your lord. No "
"That is an unexpectedly cold woman-although she is a wise woman who is clear in her judgment, not so worried about her illness or our personality ..."
In the nostalgic words of Noto Mamoru, it seems that there is a calm observation of his wife and a natural, unsatisfactory clause.
"Why do you have something like the one on the left? Let's get rid of it, how much your wife will fall in love with you."
"No, she doesn't know that she's in love, she knows something higher than love, but ... it's not her sin, it's not a mistake, it's not a mistake. Would be the right woman. "
"The status of your wife and wife is different from that of me ... so I'm sorry."
"It can make a difference"
"What is your wife's village?"
"It's the birth of the temple as I say now"
"What is the birth of Dogami?"
"That's Unjo, the house of the Lord Kuge."
"Well, that lord, the lord who is attached to the forbidden" Kinri "is the wife's hometown, so do you mind?"
"My father is a junior minister, the first-ranked house, my brother is third-ranked, and my younger brother is jugoi-no-ge. There is no shortage between the woman who grew up in it, Mr. Uji, and his birth ... "
For the first time, you heard about Noto Mamoru's wife's gate, Monchi, from Noto Mamoru's mouth.
That night, you returned to your room late, and you were standing in front of the mirror stand for a while. He wore a Uchikake, which was worn by the wife of a daimyo, and had a long hem. The uchikake was a splendid one with crepe, paulownia and karakusa embroidery. Standing a little away from the mirror stand, your eyes are fascinated by your appearance, and instead of the tears that have dried up, there is a lonely laugh. It was. Between the lonely smiles, it seemed that unbearable pride was sprouting.
Especially when you compare the face of the photo that was leaning in front of the mirror with your own uchikake, you show a cold feeling like a ghost on your face. Was there.
"I don't know how high your wife is, and I don't know now, no matter how disgusting you are. The lord really knows me alone. I cherish one lord because he loves me. I am now thinking whether it is good or bad for me to be loved by a lord like me. No. Then I don't know if the wife who is sick will or will not be able to do it. I really miss that lord, and I missed that lord for a long time, and why did I cry? Maybe I was running away, oh, I don't know that myself. I want to be a room, so I don't like the lord, I can't help but get rid of that lord's side. No, I can't say that I don't like what the lord says. If all my body is given to the lord, the lord's compassion must be given to me. I'm really sorry for my wife, but if I don't make the lord mine, I'll be a sick person. "
The eyes looking at your picture may be burning. From that mouth, it sounded like a curse. The photo you are looking at was a photo of your wife and two people, which I received from Noto Mamoru when I first visited this house. The standing figure of the wife is more of your target than the standing figure of Noto Mamoru.
The fact that you look like this wife means that Noto Mamoru thinks so, his servants think so, and you don't think so either, especially like Gin-sama. This caused unreasonable jealousy, which could not be explained even if it was excused.
"From tomorrow, the lord said that you can wear this uchikake by tying it to the side of this wife's street. If you have a wife, please forgive him. I would like to ask you, but as long as the lord's permission is given, no one will be unaware, so I will do so from tomorrow. You may think that it doesn't matter, I may be heavier than this house visitor. Oh, I'm tied to a maid and put on a uchikake. I wonder what it would be like to see the maids in Ise province who started using maids. I was promoted, I missed the lord, and the lord's side I've collected all my love, my lord is like a lord of the world, and I don't love me, I love me more than my wife. I can't help but miss the lord, I can't help but be so excited about my heart. "
You stood in front of the mirror stand and turned your hand high behind to remove the hair decoration and throw it away, and you shook your hair. Right now, I'm dying to try to tie it up.
You finally untied your hair and tried to tie a mage to remove it from yourself. On your face facing the mirror stand with the comb box out, a fine silver plaster was bleeding. Your eyes were filled with the tense light of devouring things.
This woman was simple because she was uneducated. I was compassionate about things because I was aware of my arrogant birth. Now, its essence has been overwhelmed by the other desires that come to us. The image of a pretty virgin has been wiped out, and a smile that fascinates people has replaced it. You were delighted with your black hair in the mirror. On that side, I was so happy that the white color of Kao was unbearable. Then, as I moved my hand to my head, I was thrilled to see that the flesh of my arm was tense. In this way, you tied your hair while looking at the picture and compared the pictures again. Probably not because I want to show it to Noto Mamoru. Just tonight, I wore this uchikake, tied it to the street in the back, and just looking at it alone, I was able to suppress this exciting and crazy chest blood. It seems that they are just trying.
Apparently, you tied it to a piece of Nagazuto in this style with your own hands, and stopped it with a long kōgai with a rosef [# "emphasis mark"]. Then, I picked up the photograph of the wife of the example while smiling and flirting with the fascinating colors. You can't just pay your eyebrows and dye the brows on the back floor, which is like that of your wife, but even if you don't bother to do that, you'll be fully satisfied. did. It is an unbearable heart to look at the condition of the hair with a matching mirror under the light, to stand and pull the hem of the uchikake, to stand and to stay.
When you were crazy about your body, there was a wind blowing sound outside the window. If you're crazy about it, you won't hear the sound. Or try to play around with Thabo "Thabo" or try using a brush "brush" Then, how far I get bored with this lady pretend go, you are in Hotohoto of Tomedo "endlessly" I do not know.
However, as soon as the wind-blowing sound stopped, you, who were so absorbed in it, couldn't help breaking that dream because it wasn't just the sound of the wind.
"one!"
The dog of the voice of that, because there was in the voice of dogs lovable Muk, only to this voice, from fancy do not know Tomedo "endlessly" and hot flashes by you you also to the frenzy "Novo" I can't help but be recalled to the present world.
"Mukukai"
You stood in a hurry.
"Where have you been, you have to stay in your mansion and protect your gate on such a night, but only tonight you go out and no matter how much you call, no matter how much I don't know if I was worried
I pushed the shoji towards the garden. At the same time, you noticed the carelessness that you hadn't closed the door until this time, and you became regrettable.
The outside of the house is full of darkness and haze, even in the garden, and the shape of the black dog inside can not be seen from here, but you can fully understand it with your nose. I will.
"I wish I could come back, so I shouldn't go to bed anymore and go out this evening."
You gave the Muku dog permission to sleep. That's because, as Muku dogs always do, it's been a little late tonight, but I just thought I'd come to say hello in that example.
But again, Muku dogs do not accept the forgiveness only tonight, and they are pretending to sue things by sticking their necks to the edges.
"What's wrong"
The Muku dog looked up at your face with its huge face and gentle eyes, and I went out because I was able to do a lot of errands. This is rare, so tonight However, it seemed to make an excuse, please do not be afraid. Then I turned my neck halfway outward and looked up at my husband again. That alone made you feel like a Muku dog.
"You brought someone."
There should be a wooden fence in the outside direction that I looked around, and there should be a wooden door there.
"Hey, I'm in trouble"
Too, looking at the Kidoguchi and the Muku dog's face equally, was pondering for a while.
"You can open that Kido this night. And tonight, there's a villain who breaks the prison, isn't it a scary night? Bring your customers on such a scary night. It would be a nuisance to me, and even the customers who were brought in wouldn't know what kind of suspicion they could make. "
You said this and stuffed the Muku dog. But I can't scold him strongly. If it's Naze, what I've done with Muku dogs has made me very angry at that time, but when I found out about the situation, I was just impressed. This is because I may have been grateful for something that would have been irreparable if I didn't do what Muku did, and then I was relieved to breathe out. So here again, you had to unconditionally trust the silent Muku dog's signal to open that door.
However, there are good reasons why this Kido cannot be opened smoothly. It's a noisy night like tonight, it's near the living room of my husband, it's a room for a single woman, and those precautions are protected by you in some cases. I had to. Therefore you were embarrassed.
However, the Muku dog did not seem to sympathize with the embarrassment of his master, so he pulled the hem of the uchikake on the edge and pulled it with a squeak. Its behavior looks like a reminder of a stalemate that doesn't make the master retire. At this point you have to forget all the dangers and trust the Muku dog. At the moment of opening Yoshiko Kido, no matter what danger is expected, the brave dog of Muku cannot help but believe that it is too much to prevent it.
"Wait, I'll turn on the light now."
You eventually set fire to the snow cave and put on your garden clogs. I went down to the garden with the hem of the Uchikake, and quietly walked through the darkness in the mist to remove the lock of the Kidoguchi, which was far away from Muku.
With the Muku dog up first, you finally unlocked the key to Kido. Be careful and open the door.
"who is it"
From the back of Muku, you extended the snow cave "Bonbori" far away and looked out of the fence. The outside of the fence was also the darkness and haze of the example, so the light of the snow cave could not reach at all, and you do not know who is coming there.
"tonight"
There is something standing in front of the newly opened Kidoguchi.
"who is it"
You asked twice. The Muku dog appears to be snorting and urging the stranger to enter and urge.
"tonight"
The one standing outside was Shioume 《Anbai》, who seemed to be refraining from trying to determine whether it was good or bad to enter.
"Who are you?"
You said this three times and asked the outsider. I wouldn't say that I should put it in until I heard the answer of the point "Gaten".
"Tonight. I'm sorry I'm late, but I'm sorry if I come in."
That said, the outsider pushed it.
"Where are you and what did you do for this mansion so late?"
"I've been pulled by this dog. I wonder if there's a girl named Kimi-chan in this mansion. We're US friends."
"Friend? Are you really Yonetomo? If you really are Yonetomo, I must be you."
"Oh yeah, I thought the voices were very similar, but I listened to them a lot because I should have made a mistake. Our voices will be well recognizable, even if you just listen to the voice, the rice You can see that it's a friend's real thing, the best proof that Daiichi Muku has pulled us so far. "
"Oh oh, it must be a little. Why did you ask me here this night, well? Come in early. Muku asks me to open this door, so something important is important. I thought there was something, but my friend, I didn't think you would ask, come on soon. "
"Is it okay to enter, isn't there anything wrong with my husband?"
"That's not the case, it's about you."
"We're fine, but we have one companion."
"Are you with me?"
"It's the border between living and dying now, we can be put off, so you can help the person carrying this on your back, you. I'll ask you
"That's tough. Anyway, come in early."
Yonetomo thrust his head into the submarine Kido. When you pointed to the snow cave and saw the rice friend who came in, he carried a man who was bigger than his own body, and put a stick in his hand with a cane.
"Kimi-chan, it's been a long time"
"My friend, you asked me a lot."
For you, the fact that Yonetomo visited you unexpectedly is more joyful and reliable than your brothers visited. When you see the fidgety behavior when you entertain a US friend, you really become a child.
You took off the Uchikake in a hurry. Even so, I was so devoted to entertaining my American friends that I didn't realize that it was disproportionate to have my hair removed.
You guided Yonetomo to Aki, a large maid's room away from your own room.
The big sick person who was carried by Yonetomo was important, and the two of them loaded it, laid it on the futon, and let him take the medicine.
"Friend, when did you leave Edo and why did you come to Kofu? If you come, please ask the Hikyaku shop to do it for you."
"I don't want to tell you a joke, I don't know where you are, even if you ask a hikyaku shop, I'm so worried because of that. See, other All the light-duty guys have come back, I guess there was something wrong with them, but they all came back safely and raised the sign again in both countries, you I just couldn't come back. I didn't know what happened at all, so we went to that hut to hear. Because of that, the master still doesn't think about us well, so I can't help but get angry because I've been driven away, but be patient and go back to that inn, and then there are people who come here. Therefore, it's quite a long story to bring that person's companion. "
"I've had a lot of trouble and died twice or three times. Still, with the help of Muku and the kind people, you are now in this mansion. I've been on the rise for a long time ... I'm not saying that I wasn't worried about my friend during that time. I went to that inn in both countries twice, but I didn't get a reply at all, so I was wondering what to do. "
"I don't think we've been in that inn since then. Well, I'll talk slowly, I'm not complaining if I meet you like this. That's why I'm sorry for this person, what kind of person I don't know, but I can't speak well. Muku will guide me so we found it in the forest cave behind Tenmangu, and I'm gonna die because it got cold on the way. I was worried about it, and thanks to our efforts to come to the key points, it seems that it has picked up, and this amount of life will be withheld. But "
"Let's call a doctor tomorrow, keep it up so it won't be cold tonight ... Friend, it's too late so you should sleep here, I'll go back to my room Let's take a rest, talk slowly tomorrow, never be limited to tomorrow, let's always be together and not have a hard time apart. "
You said this, and when you tried to put the futon back on the sleeping person, you were surprised to see the sleeping surface 《Negao》.
"Oh, this person knows if this is Mr. Kouchi."
[# 9 indentation] 11 [# "11" is the middle heading]
At this time, Notomori Komai was surprised by something and jumped out of the nightwear. It was a long time after you called Yoneto from the dive Kido, and that scene was over, so of course I heard it. Not a surprise.
It was on the roof where Noto Mamoru was sleeping, and it certainly made a sound like a person walking, so I listened to it. If you think so, it is certainly true. Stepping on the roof tiles makes a creaking noise. Occasionally, the tile made a sound that seemed to be crushed.
However, if a suspicious person is coming to that area, the Muku dog must be surprised before Noto Mamoru is surprised. However, if Muku dog doesn't say anything and surprises the ears of Noto Mamoru who is about to fall asleep, it can be considered that Muku dog has started walking somewhere again at night and is no longer in this house. Must be.
While Noto Mamoru was still listening to the noise on the roof, this time I heard the footsteps of a person fluttering around the outside of the mansion. The footsteps were not the footsteps of one or two people, but the footsteps that came from both and ran differently.
"No, this is the same role, I'm having a hard time playing the role."
I heard the greeting from the encounter.
"Anyway, it's a deep haze, and you can't even pick your nose, but you won't notice it until you've got it in the pot, and it's a bad night to get rid of it. That being said, this mansion is the mansion of Komai Notomoriden, which is under the control of the mansion. "
"Cheating, this is the mansion of Noto Mamoruden. Actually, we've been driving suspicious things so far, but I'm sorry that the traces have disappeared around here."
"That's it. Actually, we also chased the footsteps of a suspicious person from outside the flower field, and when we came here, the footsteps disappeared."
These questions and answers outside the fence were heard by Noto Mamoru's ears, who were now listening only to the noise on the roof. No one knows what is on the roof, but the number of people outside this fence is exactly the number of people who catch it. As for the number of people to be captured, it is known that the arrangements of the officials who are still consolidating this area will not be relaxed at all because of the fact that there was a "good" prison tonight.
"If it depends, I might have sneaked into the mansion of this Noto guardian hall, so let's wake up the gatekeeper and ask for guidance."
"I'm sorry to make a noise this night, so I'm about to wait for the ants to crawl around here. Then the wind will come out, and if the wind comes out, the haze will be blown away naturally. "
You can also hear the voice of such an agreement. Then they seem to be solidifying around this mansion.
While Noto Mamoru nodded with it, the footsteps on the roof, which had been quiet for a while, began to be heard again. Then * [# "Hand + Hall", 4th level 2-13-41] There was a sound of falling objects on "How" and "Niwasaki" in front of the garden. Next, it seems that there is a person who runs secretly under the eaves. After a while, those footsteps are certainly coming into this house. Moreover, it seems that he is entering that Western-style hall where he can walk down a small corridor from where Noto Mamoru is sleeping.
At this time, Noto Mamoru got up and re-tightened the obi of his sleepwear << Nemaki >>. I re-tightened the belt of my sleeping clothes and picked up a treasured indoor gun that was inlaid with a dragon on the barrel with gold, silver and red bronze.
The indoor gun is not a pistol. It's a bit shorter than a regular matchlock, and it's not a matchlock either.
This is very similar to Colt's five repeating rifles. However, it is not imported. It is a treasured item that Noto Mamoru himself devised and made, and only five barrages are effective enough.
Noto Mamoru carried this indoor gun and gently sneaked out of the sleeping room to a Western-style hall along the corridor.
To hit the corridor and enter the Western-style laboratory, it is still a Western-style door. Noto Mamoru first looked into the room through the window near the door.
Surprisingly, there is a light lit in the place where the fire should be. It has a bare candle standing on the table in the middle. Noto Mamoru was able to admit that there were only two figures surrounding Takuko as a daze with the light of the naked candle. At first glance, I couldn't tell who he was, but when I looked closely a second time, it was immediately known that it was a half of the prisoner. It is.
Noto Mamoru smiled. Lacking to escape, I thought it was strange in my stomach that it was more reckless than the insects that flew into the fire to escape into this room.
However, even so, the fact that they are surprisingly calm cannot help but impress Noto. Knowing that, they were sitting in chairs and looking around the room in a strange way, with the feeling that they had come to the ordinary customers of the world.
"Hahaa, this is a rare room, you can see, there is a big black ship's forehead between the walls, there is an oil painting of a globe, this shelf There is a cannon model "Hinagata" lined up in the bookcase, there is a map of the five continents and a globe, all the books in the bookcase are foreign books, and on that desk are the instruments of imported science It looks like a surgical tool, and the whole room is not made in Japan. It seems that this room is a substitute for the Japanese orchid "Netherlands". Who is the owner of this? Looking at it like this, we seem to have flowed to the country of the southern barbarian, and I don't feel like I'm in Ton and Koshu. 》 Teacher, or Sakuma Shozan in Shinshu 《Sakuma Shozan》 See the room around the teacher. ”
It was a strange samurai who was making paper twists in prison, that is, a prisoner whose tentative name was called Nanjo. He has been in prison for many years, and between his hair, which is a mugwort, and his beard, which is a mugwort, he has a small but brilliant, brilliant color in his eyes. I'm constantly looking around this room.
"I see, this settled down in a strange place. Shuten-doji used to live in the depths of Mt. Oe, and Yorimitsu got rid of it. Shuten-doji is an incarnation of a demon. It was argued in the popular theory that it was, but recently there is a scholar who advocated a novel theory that the drifter of Portugal was hiding in that mountain. It may be that Shuten-doji, a foreigner, sent a branch house to Koshu, and when we tried it, we were the rope of Watanabe and Sakata's Kintoki, but in reality, he was the one who was inadvertently exterminated. It's not the role of the person who gets rid of it. "
Zhuozi, who was laughing while holding his cheeks on the table, was the pioneer of the prison in the second room, Sendatsu, who was also a sorcerer who was tentatively called Igarashi. did.
The conversation between Nanjo and Igarashi was unmanned. In fact, there were no people on the side, but even so, the attitude of those who sneaked into a person's house this night was too unmanned.
However, Notomori Komai cannot help but look at this unmanned person with interest and listen to the conversation. I had to find out what kind of behavior they would behave. Therefore, Noto Mamoru does not open the door, but keeps the gun in his arms and looks through the gap in the example. Then Nanjo stood up. I stood up and went to the bookshelf and looked around the books lined up, but at the end I pulled out one of them and brought it to the bare candle in front of me.
"Ransho"
said.
"What is written?"
Igarashi asked.
"Smelt Crucible, that is, the crucible, the original book of the Dutch, which describes the crucible that slags minerals."
Nanjo explained.
"It's more and more rare, is the master here also a blacksmith who went abroad?"
"This is probably Takashima-sensei's apprentice or Egawa Hidetatsu's subordinate. Even so, it's strange that I'm reading such a book in the mountains of Koshu."
Nanjo was looking at the orchid book while twisting his neck and skipping a few leaves. From this, it seems that this Nanjo is a person who can read orchid books anyway. Igarashi seemed to have no consciousness, and was looking only at Nanjo's hand, which was turning the book over.
"Anyway, let's ignite the fire, there is a brazier there."
Noto Mamoru turned his eyes to a large brazier for normal use.
"Umu"
Nanjo hasn't taken his eyes off the orchid book yet. Igarashi stood up and came to the brazier. Using the smashing and charcoal that was there,
"Hey, I'll rent a light."
I took the naked candle on the table and set it on fire, and put it upright again.
Soon after the burning fire burned vigorously, the charcoal fire began to ignite accordingly. Igarashi was trying to make the fire flourish, but Nanjo stepped on and hung it on the edge of the brazier, and looked at the orchid book with one hand held.
"Is it interesting?"
Igarashi asked again.
"It's not really interesting, it just describes how to squeeze iron. The British crucible can squeeze steel, and what about Ipsel? It's written. "
"Now, the good salt plum" Anbai "has caught fire, let Utsugi also hit it."
Looking back on one side, there were several 《Nampito》 lying down, and on top of that, Noto Mamoru covered the haori of the loose sleeves 《Tsukusode》 for everyday use.
Noto Mamoru laughed bitterly when he knew it, and even though he took a closer look at every corner of the room, he couldn't see any other human shadows. In other words, it was confirmed that there are only two people in this room who have been talking unattended for some time, one who has been laid down separately, and three people who are convenient.
"That's right, Nanjo, what are we going to do now?"
Igarashi looked into the profile of Nanjo, who was looking at the orchid book while hitting the fire.
"That's right"
Nanjo turned down the book and looked at Igarashi.
Nanjo and Igarashi started talking with their knees facing each other when they hit the brazier while sitting on their chairs.
The story is how to move from now on.
The language was also unmanned, just as they were unmanned in their behavior. It was a conversation that could not be heard in high-spoken words, but even to the point where Noto Mamoru, who was a little far away, could be heard.
"Actually, I'm weak."
Nanjo, who turned down the book, made a soft noise. However, it is not a particularly weak complexion.
"As long as that counterfeit money messenger has taken everything and escaped to the mountains, he said that he had costumes and kimono ready, had enough food, and was ready to evict to Xinzhou Lu. That's why I believed it. I thought that the counterfeit money messenger was a smart guy, so I thought I would trust it, and in fact, I think there was no mistake, but on the way. I was barked by a dog and this happened because of my luck. I can't even think of anything from now on, Igarashi, if you have any thoughts, let's ask. Isn't it? "
"I can't think of anything you don't think about, but it's our bad luck to hug that counterfeit money messenger who asked for a cane anyway. It ’s damn good to have done it. ”
"A fierce dog suddenly appeared from the darkness and the mist, and we didn't jump, and jumped at that counterfeit money messenger. It seemed that he was surprised and ran away, the dog chased it, and neither of them had a sound, I couldn't call him out loud, and the darkness of this street to chase after the trace, of which The catcher's voice said, "Jailbreak! Jailbreak!", And finally sneaked into here, but this was very exhaled in the edge of the shark dog. It ’s the same as saying. ”
"Now, that's why I can't stay this way forever, before dawn, in the depths of this haze and darkness, there is no other way than to escape here. In this case, there is no way, so there is gold and silver in this room. If you have gold and silver, if you have clothes, you have clothes, if you have big and small, you have big and small.
"Wait, wait, listen to what's going on outside."
Then, when the room calmed down as a forest, the noisy voice outside was heard like the sound of a bird's wings. It is the voice of the catchers running around this mansion, as Noto Mamoru heard before. In addition to that, it seems that even those who lived in the Nagaya of this mansion are getting up and joining and swearing.
"So that's it"
Igarashi seems to have an idea when he hears it.
"I can't go outside with this."
The two were silent again for a while and the inside of the room became quiet.
"Okay, even if you aren't surrounded by such a sack, you can't escape as it is. As you wander around the mountains, hunger and tiredness come to your eyes, and eventually. It's decided to be pulled back by an unsightly Zama, but in any case it has become a cat in a bag. I don't mean to bite a cat, but I have no choice but to try an emergency measure for the time. The emergency measure is that I escaped here, and I don't know who it is, but I slammed my husband. Then, let's talk about the stalemate. "
Nanjo said this and showed a strong determination to see Igarashi.
"What is a stalemate?"
Igarashi may also have swallowed Nanjo's so-called emergency measures. It seems that they just ask for the detailed method of means.
"For the time being, I'll plead for you to hide us in our house."
"But when you don't listen to it?"
"At that time, I asked him to hide only this Utsugi from our house, and we borrowed a considerable amount of road and clothing and tried to escape."
"If you didn't listen to it again?"
"I'm sorry at that time, but I have no choice but to take last resort, the last is to see blood."
"Okay, let's work with that decision. Where is the owner of our house sleeping, we have to be careful and sneak up first, not to deal with others, and to find out the sleep of the owner."
"Now, get ready and look around for something special."
The two stood up at the same time. Then the naked candle was picked up by Nanjo from the top of the table.
"Hey, Utsugi, you've heard, as I've just talked about, we're about to take emergency measures. Hopefully, but maybe not. We'll either die or escape by ourselves. Naturally, you may not be able to reach it enough. Anyway, wait this way, even if you're sick. Yes, you aren't guilty of anything, so if there's something that came to catch you, then you should make a good statement here. It makes no sense to say that he was taken out. Also, as long as we get out of it successfully, we will try to pick him up without saying tomorrow. "Kanjin"
Upon hearing this voice, Utsugi Hyoma, who was sleeping with a Noto Mamoru's sleeved haori on the sleeper, tried to get up again, but when he hit the door of the corridor, he toned. It was also at that time that I heard one noise. This noise wasn't that loud, but it made the two magistrates mourn and stare at the door that made the noise.
"Rebuke"
Now, I have suppressed Utsugi soldiers trying to get up.
"What is the current noise?"
“…………”
The two sorcerers forgot their faces. It makes sense to bother them, and the noise was that Noto Mamoru lightly dropped the butt of the gun between the boards. Eventually, of the two who looked at all four sides of the room, Nanjo sought out the dagger of Shirasaya from the drawer of Noto Mamoru's desk. Igarashi searched for a three-shaku iron rod that Noto Mamoru would use for testing the mine. Nanjo unsheathed the dagger, and knowing that it was good enough, the two proceeded with the bare candle in front of them. The direction they were going was, of course, the direction of the door leading to the corridor where Noto Mamoru was supposed to be listening.
"Wolf"! "
"Ah!"
Surprised, the two magistrates opened the door of the liner, who was facing the windlessness, and heard a dignified voice called a wolf.
When I suddenly met Noto Mamoru's Ikatsu, the true hero also stopped there.
Nanjo, who went ahead after stopping his foot, held up the bare candle in his hand and stared at the door. Igarashi, who went from behind, is holding an iron rod and expects to go from under the sleeve of Nanjo with the light of a candle.
The door was opened and Noto Mamoru stood there. I picked up the five-shot indoor gun around my chest and pointed the muzzle at me, but the gold, silver, and red bronze cloud dragon inlaid on the barrel were lit by candlelight. It shines brilliantly.
Both sides were silently glaring at each other for a while.
"They are prisoners."
Noto Mamoru told me this,
"As you might expect"
Nanjo is calm.
"Go mysteriously"
Noto Mamoru is as if they were waiting for them to give in safely.
Nanjo saw the impending situation and had to wait for a while to see the personality of Noto Mamoru without dare to move forward.
However, Igarashi, who was behind Nanjo, was frustrated. I was prepared to take control of the aircraft and defeat him in this case. So from behind Nanjo, I secretly retake the iron rod,
"Ya!"
When I tried to hit Noto,
"Wait a minute"
Nanjo hurriedly suppressed it.
At that time, Noto Mamoru held the gun in this style and set a goal around the shoulder of Igarashi who was about to fly.
"You can't move even a little, who you are, give yourself there."
At this time, Nanjo suddenly changed his words and
"As you can guess, we are forced to break the prison of Kofu, be cornered, and instinctively sneak into our house, are you the master of our house?"
"I am the owner of our house"
"If you're the master of our family, why don't you go to Jinzaburo Komai?"
"Nani?"
"If you are Jinzaburo Komai, there is nothing you want to get, and I would like you to take a look at the front."
With that said, Nanjo just burned his face with a candle and turned it to Noto Mamoru.
"Oh, your body is Watari"
Noto Mamoru stared at Atsushi and Nanjo's side, and then his words bounced. At the same time, I took out the gun I was holding and took it down.
"I didn't know at all whether you were here or in the prison of Kofu. I heard that the heads of the ronin who broke the Koyo prison tonight were Nanjo and Igarashi. But I didn't think one of them was you. You too wouldn't have noticed that Jinzaburo Komai was in this Kofu castle as Noto Mamoru, and he fled to the mansion without knowing it. It's finally a strange situation. Come here anyway. "
This smashing and strange crush surprised Igarashi more than it surprised Nanjo. Igarashi, who had been taken by Ake, was abducted by a random work, Muzousa, and as Noto Mamoru invited, Nanjo proceeded toward him with the attitude of meeting an old friend. It was. Even though the outside was covered with mist, there was an event like being wrapped in smoke here as well.
Nanjo and Igarashi, carrying Utsugi soldiers and horses, were led by Noto Mamoru to cross this corridor, and at the time when they crossed this corridor, one black person stumbled from the edge of the corridor. Appeared.
Since the role of Ax Kutayu, the market price has usually been decided. I used to wear a towel on my cheeks with a towel, but as you can see from its behavior, it seems that I was sneaking around here and looking for something. Looking up at the main residence from the bottom of the corridor, and looking at the side that is still wandering around, it was the help of Kinsuke, who is the minion of Ichigoro in the role.
Kinsuke appeared from under the edge of the corridor, but disappeared into the darkness again and disappeared. After a while, he gently sneaks into the backyard and tries to dive under the edge again. I don't know if I've successfully dived under the edge, or if I'm sneaking around and listening, but anyway, it's gone.
There was a slight groaning voice of Wu and Muku dogs. It seems that the Muku dog, who once returned with his US friend, went somewhere again and came back again. When I heard this roaring voice, there was something that fluttered and rolled out from under the edge. It was former Kinsuke.
Kinsuke's dismayed way is strange even at night. After rolling a couple of times and finally reaching the wall, I ran up to the willow tree near the wall with all my might. As I climbed the willow tree, I jumped over the fence, climbed over the fence, went out to the traffic, and then ran between the darkness and the haze without looking after me. The momentum is like a rabbit.
"Oh, I'm afraid, tonight, I don't have a dog, and I'm very successful, so I sneaked in as I wanted, and at the next hour, the dog came out again. It ’s a dog. ”
After running in Rokucho, standing under the fire lookout tower at the corner of a certain town, Kinsuke relievedly stroked his chest. While stroking my chest, I looked around the direction in which the Muku dog ran away, and when I suddenly came out of that area, I immediately saw the fire lookout tower. Beware of climbing up the ladder is pretty straightforward.
"Hahaha, I'm glad I didn't see it by people. The figure that went out to the night crawling and was chased by a dog isn't very good, and it may be seen by fellow comedians. Temiro, it's a kind of comedy. "
That said, Kinsuke mocked himself and ridiculed himself. Looking at this solitude, it can be seen that Kinsuke did not come to explore the behavior of Notomori Komai at the request of someone, but its purpose is completely different. What is completely different is that you came to this mansion at night. I came here every night for the purpose of night crawling, but it seems that I was able to sneak into the mansion to some extent because I couldn't get close because I had a dog, but because I didn't have a dog tonight. However, in the middle of its success, it must be seen as being chased by the dog again.
"Cho"
Kinsuke struck his tongue and was a little disappointed,
"Still, I don't know what will be the result, and if there is a god to throw away, there is a god to pick up, and I know that Notomori Komai pulled in the prison break and gave me the picked up thing that flew to me. I've completely seen the one that was hidden in the face, try selling this one to Mr. Kamio, it's not a cheap substitute "Shiromono". "
After saying this, Kinsuke made a strange laugh with the previous ridicule 《Azawarai》.
Bottom book: "Obosatsu Pass 4" Chikuma Bunko, Chikuma Shobo
Issued the first print on January 24, 1996 (Heisei 8)
Parent of the bottom book: "Obosatsu Pass 2" Chikuma Shobo
First edition issued on June 20, 1976 (Showa 51)
* The bottom book is a large scale of "ga" (ward number 5-86) used for counting things and place names.
Input: tatsuki
Proofreading: Saiko Harada
Created on September 21, 2002
Revised January 24, 2012
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
