Right gate catcher
Kasaya Tayu
Mitsuzo Sasaki

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Twenty days << Hatsuka >>

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Ryogoku ｜ Kashi 《Gashi》

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Numbers are JIS X 0213 area area number, or original page and number of lines)
(Example) * [# "Tehen + 僉", Level 3 1-84-94] School << Kengyo >>
-------------------------------------------------- -----

1

――This time, the nineteenth tegara.
The last Meigetsu turmoil was so terrifying that it was so terrifying that it wasn't a make-up, but it's been less than five days since then. It was soon. Of course, since it is the lunar calendar, it was decided that after the 20th day of September, Oedo will be in the autumn of the maple, and you will be able to see the patterns on the branches of the mountains in Ueno. Asakusa and Ryogoku | The freak show on the riverbank is prospering. At that time, what was popular in Asakusa was the living dolls that descended upwards, the presence of Hayabusa Dennojo, and on the banks of the rivers of Ryogoku, Nakamura | Tatsuda Yu. 》 Was the source of the promotion. Furthermore, after suffering from the summer withering, it was when Tayu and the sights were starving, so when it came to reputation, the troupe had a lot of horsepower, but the spectators also had a lot of power. Even though I wasn't asked to put it in, I was the one who acted as a self-promotion clerk from mouth to mouth, from town to town, so my dear chatter Denroku of Mimihacchoguchihaccho immediately said this. It was natural for me to catch it in my ear and immediately come to the master to listen to it.
"Hey, I don't like this autumn guy. That's why I'm sorry, but rather than being off duty, I'd like to have a better-living person. I don't think anyone will praise you for rolling it, so how about one? I think it's the size of a meatball to Asakusa for the first time in a long time, but why don't you call it? "
“…………”
"Hey. I'm a parent, so I don't have to change the sky so suddenly because I said something. I'm a bastard. Yes, that's right, that's right. I don't like it because it's elegant. I don't like it. That's right, the dragon guy is still in the mountains, and I don't even know how many legs Nioh has, so I think I should educate him at such times. "
“…………”
"If Dennosuke's illness is a murderous landscape, I don't think the living doll mystery is bad either."
“…………”
"Still, if you don't call it, it's a bit different to go to both countries."
“…………”
"When you hear it, the daughter's hand dance and the monkey's menu are very popular, so it's a good idea to first meet Beppin and enjoy it, and then turn to the monkey. I don't think it's a bad story, but wouldn't you like it if it's a fancy menu? "
“…………”
"Hey. What don't you call me, don't you just pick up what I say? Isn't it a good thing to be fertile in the heavens? If I don't get fat, I can't keep up with the cold. I haven't had any greasy food for a long time, so I'm sure it's still a little, but now I'm about to go out and stuff eels around the water at noon. Isn't it just a matter of thinking that you can go around the hut without being hungry? "
――And, when the master, who hadn't dealt with him silently until then, listened to the story of the food that Denroku said, he suddenly got up and suddenly became lively, and he said cheerfully.
"Hey, hey, hey. It seems like I've been a little sick these days, and if I thought it was awkward to do anything, that's it. The water and gold sauce is a little sweet and horrifying, but it's medium-sized. It's not a bad idea to have a couple of people in the right place. Yes, I can't call the Lord Kuge. "
It goes without saying that I was delighted with all of Denroku, because I stood up as a scabbard with the wax-colored scabbard "Roirozaya" in mind while squeezing the tea offering. did.
"Thank you very much! Chikushome, the world has become completely brighter. That's why I'm going to try mystery. Then, I'll pull the dragon guy right away, so a little. Please wait here. "
However, the guy named Denroku is a strange man no matter how you think about it. Even though I was pulling the dragon right away, since I started running, it was almost half an hour, but I was crushing something, so I couldn't move. The master was a little angry, and when he picked him up at the two huts, the situation was a little strange. Even if it wasn't, the little lord made his body even smaller, and while the tatami room there was also gracefully clinging to the corner, it was a vague face waiting for someone. So I asked him abruptly.
"What do you want to do with your big brother?"
"e?"
"Where does Denroku Taiko want to get rid of electricity?"
"That's actually a little too carefree, so I'm a little angry from a while ago, but even though I've been receiving a kettle for half a year, my brother's understanding I don't know what to think about it. "
"I say something strange, but did you have a fight?"
"No, then I don't think I'm absent-minded like this, but now that I'm going to both countries for recreation, I'm going to change my clothes to the clouds. If you want to get rid of it because it's lit up, you'll be disappointed. I'll go to the morning bath for a while, and then I'll come to the barber shop, so don't wait quietly. However, as I went out more and more, I still can't get it. "
"I'm a bastard with that guy. When I'm in a hurry, I'm too rushed, and when I'm disappointed, it's too long. I'm sure he will live long.
"Is it okay?"
"I'm chasing him while ringing."
To be honest, when I knew it, it was inevitable that the Denroku Taiko would make the whole body ring and chase after me for the first time. It was five that went down, and on the way, I picked up a basket and dropped the mikoshi on the water I was aiming for. ――Of course, both countries are summer, but the water swelling seen in the beginning of autumn is also hard to throw away, and the geese of the autumn bird "Akitsugedori" crowing reeds. Around "Autumn", if a fishing boat with a flat face in the world floats in the waves, and Ichimoku Senkin, Ichiko Manryo, and Denroku Taiko are together, what kind of noise will be made and I will be happy. Or, the resentment is not in the seat, but the ball is scratched.
However, eels are a favorite of eels, which are even better than lovers for masters. The pocket is good, the will is good.
"I wonder if the children were on a raft."
"I understand. What about that little person?"
“…………”
"I'm gonna order something soon"
“…………”
"Is it embarrassing because I was told that I was small? Then, I'd like to order it instead. It's fine, but I'm old, so I think it's a big deal."
"I understand. Before you two--"
"No, six people before"
"e--"
"Before six people"
"But ..."
"Can't you?"
"No, six people up to you two are a little that--"
"It's okay, it's okay. It may not be enough because one brave person will come later."
However, the brave thing that should come is that it doesn't show up.
"My big brother, I don't think I've become a Maiko."
"The gate is different. If you eat something, it's the one who starts running even if you leave your parents alone, okay, I'll come now."
However, it was strange. I've directed the water of invitation from myself, and of course I should have known that I'm coming to Mizukin, so no matter who thinks, I don't think that Denroku will become a maiko. Even though it was half an hour, even if it was an hour, it didn't show up as a strange thing, so when the master was a little suspicious of his head--, Dokodoko, Dokodon and the economy were good. Whether it was from the daughter's hand-dancing hut or from the reputed swordsman, it was a taiko drum that was filled with excitement. ――Ogyu Sorai said that when a well-behaved person hears that taiko drum, it sounds like a fool, a fool, and on the contrary, it's a little right. When someone on the other side hears it, it sounds like it's coming, it's coming, so it's getting itchy and irresistible, but that disturbing sound isn't bad!
"Isn't it a crazy guy? It's annoying, so let's leave it."
"But it will happen."
"It's rust from my body. Let's go, let's go."
When I urged the dragon, of course, I thought that I would go to the daughter's hand dance, but it turned to the sword, so it was mixed, but the lord 《 Kuge》 He is a very old man. When I smiled with a meaningful smile on my idyllic face, I was hiding in the shadows.
"I grew up in the mountains of Kawagoe, so it's not unusual for a monkey prince."
"Reserve"
"What?"
"It would be angry, but those who are in charge of the town are the ones who have the eyes, the ears, the courage, and the arms. You can see it, but you don't know when you'll see it again.
The reason is that the right gate is a master because I am in a state of healing and do not forget the disorder, and even in a quiet place, I do not forget the position. ――The hut was already seven minutes old at that time, as its unusual reputation of being a monkey was attracting customers.

2

If it's a monkey, it seems that there are various classes such as radish, undercarriage, middle signboard, and title, and at first it is a common acrobatics of the undercarriage. Next was the screaming, tug-of-war, and the third was the sword of Okesa, one of the highlights.
As usual, Endo's warrior Morito began to ponder in front of Kasaya, and tonight he sneaked into the Kyutsu nikan and defeated his husband Watanabe Wataru. If you take it, in return, Morito kills Koi ga Taki no Watari, but if you look closely, the person who stabbed you is a Watari, and from the place where you were in front of the Kasaya, a mourning place It was a big game that became a curtain, but Kuroko's assistant was the endo warrior, Kasaya Gozen, Watanabe Wataru, all the actors were real, and it was all decided by one drum of the lower seat. Tayu, a male actress who danced through the dance and became prosperous, believed that he was going to pass on a more dexterous workmanship, and he was really close to piercing the front of the person's Kasaya. Of course, it was a big cheer that the fullness was broken.
"I don't think it's a brute."
The master was completely impressed, and while being fascinated by the eye candy after a long absence, he was stroking his chin.
"Don't do it! Don't do it! Don't get in the way. [# There's one letter in the bottom] If you don't do it, don't do it."
Garahachi no Guai, noisy Guai, it was a voice that I heard.
"Well, you're here!"
It seemed that the unreserved Guai was a perfect person, so when I looked back at my chin, it was my dear Denroku.
However, dear Denroku said that it was a little unpleasant because it seemed to come.
"I don't know how much I'm off duty, I'm afraid I'm tired of it! What's the point of seeing a sword in a place like this! What's the point of seeing a sword!"
In addition to thinking that he might be apologized for being late, the riddle that the principal idol of the person himself turned the water of invitation was forgotten, and the master's complexion began to appear. It has changed a little.
"It's a philtrum and a public person. You're the one who turned the water to come here. Hey, don't make a loud voice."
"It's because of my parents who have a loud voice! Even so, the person in charge of the town is in a hurry, and Yuyama" is a scarecrow! Don't forget to get rid of it because it's turbulent, and it's written properly in the memorandum of the guard. I'm sweating a lot and I'm hungry. "
"It's a guy who gets entangled in a strange place. I didn't come to such a place because I wanted to come. I wonder if you came because you invited me to a ghost. Okawa is close to my eyes and nose.
"Hey. It's a bad blood circulation! It's not over here, it's over there! It's a record. It's a record. It's a record!"
"What! Incident" Ana "?"
"That's why I'm making a noise as soon as possible! The call letter came from the guard office!"
"But it's weird. You should have gone to the hair floor, went to the morning bath, and dressed up very loudly, but isn't it?"
"That's it. Let's not have to mess with cute minions in public! It's still alive. If it's alive, the moon generation" Sakayaki "will grow as the days go by. It ’s a sword, it ’s a sword, it ’s a sword, it ’s a sword, it ’s a sword, and it ’s a sword.
"Don't Tochiru, Don't Tochiru. You can complain later, so what's the point?"
"If you do, you shouldn't go beyond complaints like this. No matter what, you can't do fine tricks. So, there will be times when you go to the hair bed, There are times when I go out even in the morning bath, so when I tried to go, I met him on the way.
"Did you jump out thinking that it would be a good idea?"
"Don't make a fuss about it. Anyway, if you hear that a woman has been killed, you shouldn't abandon anything else. It's almost the same as that, so I'm going to go for a preliminary inspection, but I'm not cheeky. That kind of old Toshima's Otafuku isn't a woman, but I'm gonna die. It's a Buddha, and if you become a Buddha, you don't have the dexterity, so when you get angry and go to Hatchobori, you wonder when you've tried to kill such a terrible thing. No matter how much I was the principal idol who turned the water on, there is no way to silently discharge electricity. When it comes to that, the parents' swords are the ones who jump out even if they are left alone. I've been searching for a hut, so I have to hurry. If you don't grin, don't give up your ears. "
“…………”
"Hey. What's wrong? It's a good idea to talk! It's an older and more dexterous woman, and although she doesn't like it, she's killed in a strange way. Yeah, it's said that you're out, but what's wrong with Tatsu, even though it's small? It's just as easy as people!
"I'll give you! I'll give you! I'll give you a portable shrine with a reminder, but that's why, my brother's story--"
"Why! If you understand the story, you don't have to worry about it! Because you're screaming, stand up actively!"
"I think, my brother told me that he wasn't very detailed because he said that he was a big performer. It's okay for a woman to be killed, but where is he killed? I mean, I don't know the important direction, and I can't hurry anybody. "
"Don't take a fried leg. If you can do everything, you'll be coughing. Whether it's fine or fine, you can't tell if you go out to the front! Or! Stand up! "
It was reasonable to boast that the cheating art was fine when I took it out while pulling my hand. It was a rare and witty work, and it was a mess until I guided him with a nose while pushing the master into the Hayakago that I had already prepared, but after all this area is Denroku. It's a style. It seemed that it would be a long way away as long as I hired Kago, but to my laughter, the destination I took was from Ryogoku | Kashi to 5 or 6 towns. It was Shinkoin-dori with eyes and nose.
However, he is very good at it.
"Zamamiroi! Tatsu. As you can see, I'm fine with what I do.-Here! Here! This house is."
I was looking at the stance of the problem that I tried to guide to my face as a glimpse of my chin, but it was already the right gate style.
"Hey, you're a family member."
"e?"
"I'm saying that the old man here is a family member."
"I can't finish it. I'm sweating and washing the material, but when I'm sick, I just hit it with a glance. Why do you know that again?"
"I've started stocks again. Isn't this one in Kumiyashiki-cho, where the big program is directly attended? If you are directly attended, either Hatamoto or the family, but look at this poor structure. . Hatamoto doesn't have this kind of attitude. "
First of all, I was surprised at Denroku, and I passed through Hatchobori's famous rolled haori without asking for guidance. However, when I went into the stance, what was a little confusing was that, in contrast to the poor appearance of the table, the mystery of the equipment in my house was a luxury for a mere family member.
"Hatena, I wonder if my eyes went crazy"
As I said, I was staring at it, but in a hurry, the autopsy of a certain woman who said that she had completed a non-work was the first thing, so I broke into the scene first.
However, the site was terribly suspicious again. It was no wonder that it was a secluded room like a sleeping place, but it goes without saying that Hatamoto, no matter how small the housekeeper of Shoroku, is the world. Since he is a direct visitor, three or five people and relatives should have come together in a hurry, but there is only one man who is escorted by the corpse.
"sorry……"
If you pass while silently
"I'm not sure, but I'm sure I've told my family not to touch the scene until the autopsy is over."
"Isn't it a child of one? I'm watching and hearing as much as I can hit my eyes and ears. There is a difference between Denroku and Denroku!"
After confirming it, it seemed that he was glancing at the throat neck of the corpse, which was dyed in the morning and was left lying in the nightwear, but the second one. It was the right gate style.
"Hoho. It's not a wakizashi, it's a dagger, it's just a stab wound with a petite Kozuka."
If you put aside all the way to Hoshi, he said that a creepy town official had come, and thanked him to the one who was looking down on him.
"First of all ... I'm sorry for the people in Hatchobori. I'm sorry for the disaster."
While saying that, it was the 18th of the 18th masters. I could see the whole master in an instant with those eyes that I couldn't see, I saw, I was calm, I was sharp, and I couldn't see.
According to what I did, it was strangely too young. If the number of women who have reached the end of non-work is thirty-five or six, at least seven or eight are younger than that, and the men are also ordinary beautiful boys. So it was. In addition, it seems to be arrogant. A rugged look, a stunning attitude, and when asked something, he pretends to be a direct visitor as his only weapon, and treats him as an unclean officer from his head. I was able to see all the verses.
However, even if you look at it, it is the master's 18th that does not appear in the color of one face. I started the cross-examination very quietly.
"What is your first and last name?"
And--what was it! This was very surprising.
"I'm sorry. I don't have to ask. My name is Kinpachi Inoue."
I was wondering if the sword would be repelled by the sword, or if it was just a sword, but it was surprising that he even claimed to be in a gentle tone, so he was a master. Suspicion deepened sharply. If you think you're a poor family member, you're unexpectedly wealthy when you go home. If you think that you are wealthy, there are few visitors. If you think that there are few, the man who seems to be the master is a young and sultry man who is terribly intimate with the woman who is being killed. What's more, it looks arrogant, so when you cross-examine it with your heart, it's really calm.
"Apparently, this is a difficult case."
Since all the menus were Hanahadabuki, the master continued to cross-examine in a quieter tone so as not to make mistakes in guessing and observing.
"What about Rokudaka?"
"I'm embarrassed to be a little sick."
"It's a little messy, but how long will it be?"
"Only eight people with fifty stones |
"Then, let's get rid of it with a family member."
"Huh. I'm sorry for your glasses."
"Who is this unhappy person?"
"I'm sorry for my wife."
"I know you're quite different, but--"
"Huh. I'm nine years younger than you."
"What else is your family?"
"I'm sick of being alone with a maid."
"What is the year?"
"I don't know what it is, but I know it like twenty-two or three."
"Then, why did this in-house suffer such a disaster? I'm sorry for that."
I tried to come
"That's it, that's it. I was waiting for it to come out now or not!"
My hearing 《Fucho》 was just here and there, and it was Denroku who started to scream by stealing words from the side.
"Yeah, this will raise my nose. I'm afraid I'm a little numb. By the way, before I move on to that important story, I definitely want to see you. It seems that there is a rare item, but it seems that this is a very important item. With that in mind, don't take a closer look! Look! It's such a writing. "
While saying something strange, it was a package written as follows that was respectfully taken out of the pocket.
[# Indent two characters from here]
"Sake appetizer" Shukoryo "Matsudaira Izumoriya" Matsudaira Izu no Kamike ""
[# End of indentation here]
"I suddenly put out something strange, but what kind of amulet is this?"
"However, this amulet tag has something to say that makes me happy, so I'm sorry. As I said often, I thought that the art had to be detailed. I used to love and be fond of it like a child of Tora, but sometimes, last night, the boss and the general came to see the amulet of Matsudaira's palace. You know that. "
"What if I knew it?"
"You're talking about it. I don't know if the story can be followed in order. So, this is Inoue's amulet, as you can see from the vertical and horizontal sides. Moreover, since he is a family member of a big program, he seems to preach in front of him, but when the general goes out like Takano or last night, he walks. The role and market price to protect is decided. So-- "
"I know."
"No, it's different today, so don't let Denroku show you what he learned. By the way, this Inoue dan also became a walking companion" Okachitomo "last night. When I visited the mansion of Matsudaira's palace, the shogun was so impressed with the event of seeing the maple, and he returned to the castle near the dawn of the kesa. Naturally, this Inoue's return is late, so I'm done with it, and I'll go back here near Akerokutsu. "
"Is there something wrong with the ruth?"
"That's right! That's right! As you can see, the inner court was slaughtered while lying in the futon, so anyway, please come to the bansho for any change. That's why I made it. However, I thought that I had to doubt the thing, so it was awkward to give it, but there is a living proof that I made a walking companion last night. When I came to the preliminary inspection, I was reminded that Inoue was the best proof of that, and I was surprised to hear that, in other words, the wrapping of this liquor broth. It's a piece of paper. I don't know what the contents are, so I won't ask until that time, but in any case, this wrapping paper was given as a special allowance for walking with me last night. It's weird because I can't get rid of all the money, and I don't even suspect that Inoue's futon has gone unnoticed, and there's nothing else suspicious about it. When--"
"Hmm. I see."
"Hey, let's be impressed in a strange place. The story and the future are the highlights of the eyes. So, I wonder if there is anything suspicious about it, this Denroku-sama Let's search for it. "
"warm!"
"That's why it's called a nose. I found this kind of mokke, so I hid it so much that I couldn't do it roughly. What kind of thing is it?"
It was a round oak cane that stood up while saying something like something caught in the back teeth, and brought it back with a respectful offering from the corner of the edge. ――Moreover, there is a sticky, raw blood handprint just on the grip.
"How do you like it! Where did you find it!"
"I don't know anywhere here. I just fell in the place of Sodegaki. If I missed this guy, Denroku-sama's value would drop." I've kept it, but it's a big thing from now on. If you can see who the strange round oak cane had, the bad guys will be the one without complaint. Because I'm terrifying, I'm brave, and don't stick to the cane! "
Really! If there was such a suspicious relic, it was arguable that the owner of the blood-stained Ibuki Maru oak cane would be the first suspicion as a poor man, so it seems that the master also thought so. I picked it up and looked at it as if I was playing with it, but it was a truly brave right gate style.
"This owner is a sitting head!"
"What?"
"The owner of this cane is said to be Anma's sitting head."
"I can't wait! If you keep an eye on it, it's already this. However, I can't say that this owner is sitting, but why does wisdom turn so quickly?"
"I've started again. If you put your eyes on it, you'll be doing it soon, so it'll be noisy. Aotake Zue is an anma kid, and a round oak cane goes up and sits down. 》 Goes up further and is detained 《Koto》, Ryoshumoku 《Ryoshumoku》 is ※ [# “Tehen + 僉”, 3rd level 1-84-94] School 《Kengyo》 I'm doing it. Then, isn't it strange that the owner of this round oak cane is sitting? "
"I see. Dan's erudition is different from my erudition in terms of digits. If you look at it, you're busy. Even though it's a thousand people, it's a thousand people, so it's Edo. It's a thousand people at most to wash all the sitting heads. Let's wash it in a hurry! Tatsuko! What are you refraining from? Don't be afraid! "
I was quick and tried to run,
"Please wait. If you sit down--"
It was Kinpachi Inoue of Aruji who called me while squirming, saying that I was confused.
"Do you get sick of your eyes?"
"Huh. Alone--"
"If you are alone, there are many, but what is your name?"
"My name is Senichi."
"Is this neighborhood?"
"Huh. Just across the road, Hara, that house with a roof over there is a mess."
"I don't think I'm wrong."
"Yes. Actually, I'm not familiar with the oil stains on the tip of this stick, so I had an idea of what Senichi should hold, but I doubted people and even if I was guilty of innocence. I've been refraining from being quiet so far, so I'm sorry. "
"Do you want to go in and out of our house?"
"Hmm, my wife was messed up with a rash, so I'm messed up by someone who had been in the treatment for fir tree on the third day."
"Did you have a wife, or did you go alone again?"
"What's wrong, let's be thirty-six or seven, I'm still single."
"Hoho no! I think it's getting a little burnt. I don't know if a snake or a snake will come out, but hold it down."
As soon as I knew it, both Denroku and Tatsu were sideways.

3

However, when I rushed to the Senichi residence across the road, this was a strange situation. No, it was finally suspicious. The shutters are tightly closed. It was natural that Denroku rang because the doors were being pulled down everywhere even though it was in the daytime when it was already in the daytime when the wind was blown away and the electricity was discharged. ―.
"Chikushome. It's a time-consuming imitation, isn't it! That's why I don't like it. This is what happens! I have to make a wasteful discussion about where I was sick! 」
It seemed that he was stroking his chin on his cousin while blowing the Oki Uedo's Oki Taiko into the willow, and he was steadily stroking around the house. When I said
"Fun--"
The master told me to spit it out, and he grinned. The fluffy shit was so fluffy that I couldn't say anything about it, so it was only natural that the ringer's screaming drum rang even more.
"Hey, what's wrong! What's wrong when people are angry?"
"Reserve"
"What?"
"Well, don't let it scream, take a closer look at your feet."
It was said that when I looked at the outlet at my feet, how was this in the first place! The water flowing from the kitchen is dripping with steam.
"Well, bastard, I wonder if he's hiding in the house."
"It's a matter of course. The leaves of the freshly brewed tea are floating in the steam water. I'm wrapping the tea with Yuu Yako and wrapping the tea. It looks like he's not going to go, so be careful! "
"What? Today's Denroku-sama has a different product.
With the courage to think that the cheating is different when you eat the body pad and blow the shutter with Don, it is a dark house that seems to be a gimmick with seven passes and eight turns. While aiming at the inside, Denroku was the first, followed by the small Zenkoji dragon, who jumped in like a balloon ball, and then the master said Yuyu, and first ordered the lord.
"Eyes! Eyes. Eyes. Tatsuko!
"I got it! I got it! I'm in front of the alcove."
"Is it one? Or is it a kinzoku?"
"It's one! It's one! What's wrong, I'm trembling!"
"Why! I'm trembling! Hey, this seems to be crazy again, but it's a weird incident other than this guy's thoughts. Anyway, open the shutters."
When I opened it, I was trembling desperately while turning my back on the sledged head of Senichi. What's more, what a suspicious! What happened at all? ――Three on the alcove over the trembling! Five! Eight! Ten! No, there are swords that seem to have 17 or 8 swords if you count them all, but the riddle is in this, and it is decorated as if it were.
At the same time as the master discovered it, he seemed to have been struck suspiciously and remained still there. Also, it's no wonder that this is another master, so I thought about it. I imagined that it would be a fearless one as long as I thought that it was a power discharge, but despite being unexpectedly doing it with a bluble, fir treatment | In the meantime, there were more than a dozen swords that didn't look good at all, so it was completely suspicious! Bukimi 10 million--
"It looks like it's going to be a little difficult again."
I was muttering, but when I approached the alcove, I started to look up the decorated swords one by one. Of course, I checked the petite Kozuka. Kinpachi Inoue, who has reached the end of his non-work, seems to be trying to confirm the accuracy of his eyes, saying that the wounds of the woman are petite. I was revisiting it, but alas, it seems that the eyes of the key point went crazy! ――In the meantime, when I made the beautiful side pale, I was moody and truly moody and silent, and I sat there.
Moreover, while sitting down, looking at the suspicious sword between the floors, I turned my eyes to Senichi, who is still trembling behind me, and then I turned my eyes to the sword again. , Quarterly, half-hour, and finally, I thought about it for almost one hour, so the ringer's chirping drum started to sound small at first, and then gradually started to sound louder. I did.
"Che"
“…………”
"I'm crazy"
“…………”
"I don't know what."
“…………”
"If it's a town, it's a town, if it's a criminal, it's a criminal.
“…………”
"It's a staring contest of Daruma-san, and I'm starting to feel uncomfortable with the trembling Mekura Anma. What's wrong? The sun went down while I was fooling around. Staring contest! "
I was thinking that it was the autumn day of Tsurube-otoshi, and as the name suggests, it was about to twilight someday, but then the master's hand was about to be turned under my chin. .. Needless to say, it is proof that the eyes have come to the fore. Why can't I know how to keep the chirping drums ringing again?
"Yeah. It seems that the tide is about to fill. I can't wait. This is a thousand cars. How is it? It's a big catch. Isn't it still early in the Kago?"
To the place where you were urged
"Denroku"
As a matter of fact, the words were flying, so
"Now, I'm busy! How many! Is it one! Is it three!"
I was completely aware of it, and I was sick, but the master said with a laugh.
"I had a relationship with you, but I wanted to get along with you."
"What's the matter! What happened to you when you said something that didn't change?"
"It's sitting, it's sitting. You can tell if you sit silently and listen, even if you don't swell. You got lost with all these crappy menus, so you don't have to go crazy. By the way, my eyes went crazy. Mr. Senichi. "
When I turned the words carefully, I pointed out an unexpected hoshi.
"Your eyes are open"
“…………”
"It's okay, it's okay. If you have eyes, your suspicions don't grow, so don't tremble and turn to me. Your suspicions have cleared up."
"Well, then-that's right! I'm going! I'm going! I'm going when my doubts clear up, but I can't wait to see the eyes like this."
"After all. I wish I had two nice and clean guys stuck together. Then I should show my face as soon as possible, but I was trembling with my head and I was completely sweaty. But well, it's a big help because it's open-minded, but sometimes you have a strange hobby. "
"Hey, I'm sorry. Let's laugh with anmafuzeiga, but I'm sick of this, but it seems to be a cause and effect, and I'm collecting swords while even the money I keep for my wife. Masu "
"Yeah, it's bad because you were hiding your face. I thought it was weird, I squeezed my head completely, but the visually impaired could try collecting swords. However, when I saw the place where it was decorated so much, I thought that it wouldn't be possible to make it into a sword, but after thinking about it, I finally got a glimpse of it. --You're hiding something. "
"Eh"
"It doesn't start when I try to scare you, so why don't you just confess the last article to compensate for the trouble you have taken so far?"
“…………”
"If you keep silent, the suspicion that it has cleared up will be cloudy again."
"But ..."
"Don't worry. If you look at any of the petite swords, there's no cloudiness of blood, and I guess I've been trembling until now. So, I don't think I'm worried about getting in touch with each other, but did I miss the point? "
"I'm sorry. I'm sorry for that. Actually--"
"Did you see it!"
"I hadn't had the feeling that I was alive until now because I had met and met, but I was about nine years old. From Inoue's dad, Mr. Leaf. You look like you are using it-- "
"Is the leaf a maid?"
"Hey, it's a chubby, chubby beppin, so I'm young and I'm a little worried about it. I was talking about going out because I was talking about it, so I knew that it was strange even though it was near midnight, but I thought that I should call it anyway, and I knew the garden When I asked him, it's strange. The neck of the inner court who told me to come to talk is straightforward, and no matter how much I say hello, I will not reply. By the way, I thought that I was fainting because of a sudden illness, so I went up to the groping and casually touched my neck. "
"Did you say that you got blood and ran away crazy!"
"Hey, that's right. So let's just leave anything alone--"
"Wait! Wait! Wait a minute! But that's a little weird. Isn't it strange that you with fine eyes had a useless stick?"
"It's reasonable. It's true that you're suspicious, but our Anma sticks are like the clothes of Osho-sama. Of course, you know, the little boy is Aotake. , The sitting head is Marugashi, the detention is Katashumoku, * [# "Tehen + 僉", 3rd level 1-84-94] School "Kengyo" The rank is different from that of Ryoshumoku, so if you're anma, you'll have a formal stick on the signboard. So, it's strange to me, but what's still strange is that when I ran away, I saw something strange at the edge of that mansion. "
"What?"
"It's a monkey prince."
"What. What a monkey!"
"Hey, it's a monkey prince, but no matter how much the monkey prince jumps out of the darkness, it's not something that a monster can easily stab a human being, so I'm sure I met him. I knew that I would be suspicious. I wanted to be a source of boring suspicion, so I thought I would pick up the sticks that I had thrown out and hide them somewhere, but if I could hide them and find them, it would be even better. I'm skeptical, and there are some swords in my house that can be suspicious, so I was wondering what to do, hide it, or sell it, but I worked on it. I was completely wondering if I could get on my feet again, and I would be even more suspicious, and I'm just trembling. "
"How is it? Is it clear that you have encountered something strange?"
"No, I noticed one more thing later, but there are times when I don't think about it."
"What?"
"When Mr. Oha came to use, he said that Inoue's dad was going to work at night."
"Is it there!"
"I sometimes wonder if that's because I heard pompoms and strange drum sounds."
"What's the drum! Fufumu! It seems that something is strange, but what do you think is the relationship between the sound of the drum and Kinpachi Inoue?"
"I don't think it's because of that. That kind of drum isn't a song drum, it's not a Mikawa hurray drum, it's a monkey-turning drum. I'm wondering if that's the case, but for some reason, Inoue's dad was terribly proficient in "Tanno", and I've been slamming at night from time to time. I remembered the sound of the drum later and noticed it, but when I was going to visit there, I could hear it in Inoue's mansion. However, I thought that there was no other person who could play such a drum in this neighborhood, and I was trembling because it was so creepy. "
"Fufuun no! Mate! Mate! Apparently, I have to rethink from Iroha!
I was thinking about stroking my chin, but this time, the 18th "Denroku", which was really even, flew to the place of the person.
"General! Big brother! Hey, Denroku"
"Fe ...?"
"Don't give me a crazy reply! Because it's about you, it's probably clear even if you're doing a sneak peek, but maybe Matsudaira's lord shouldn't wash it yet."
"Maybe what is it! I don't want people to be stupid."
"Then, have you washed it yet?"
"No, it's just! I don't need to wash it again, I don't need to wash it again, so I won't wash it!"
"Hey, you're a good man. That's why you want to get along with each other because it's too cute. The suspicious thing is that gift bag that Kinpachi Inoue showed as evidence. Whether or not it was packed in the mansion as "Cuteness", fly away and wash Matsudaira's mansion. "
“…………”
"It's a laborious older brother. What are you doing by twisting your neck? Get out of Iroha and think again! Kinpachi Inoue | Kan" Yakata "is like a monster mansion. I think it's a poor tenement house, but the inside is surprisingly full of money. However, there was so much noise that there were no visitors. Moreover, look at that couple. It's a ridiculously crafted old-fashioned female husband, Kinpachi ｜ guy, it's creepy too young, isn't it? Besides, there is a strange hidden trick of the drum. I'm sure there's something wrong with that gift bag that I struck by calling it evidence, so come and wash it. "
"I see. I don't know if it's just Iroha, but if you think about the dusty hell, it's a little squishy! I'm crouching! Remember what to do. I'll see you again in hell! "
"Mate, Mate"
"What?"
"Today is special. I have to hurry, so go in the early Kago."
"Che. I'm sorry, I'm sorry! Zamaamiroi! Kinpachi Inoue! Ooi! Kagoya! Kagoya! Is there somewhere in Kago?"
While seeing off the person who jumped out with his sleeve inflated like this
"Kugyo Duke! Kugyo Duke!"
In the garden, I called Zenkoji Tatsu, who was constantly throwing lassos, and gave him a right gate style command with a smile.
"Children don't play alone after dark. You should hurry to both countries from now on!"
"I don't know. Even if the structure is fine, I'm rough. It's okay to go to both countries, but what do you wash? * [# Question mark exclamation mark, 1-8-77]
"Isn't it known? I'm going to wash the monkeys I saw earlier. There must have been something wrong with the monkeys in that troupe around the last nine, so don't pull it out. Come out! "
If you skip it,
"Senichi-san--"
Being quiet, like a forest--no, it was more like a wind.
"You are quite elaborate. It seems that you had a very good tea while you saw it in the sink, but if you have a good point in Uji, please add a brew."

4

The more I waited, the more I snorted, and the one who flew home in a terrifying Kago was Edo Hantei, who went to wash the mansion of Izunokami.
"Chikusho. Zuboshida, Zuboshida, Kinpachi Inoue, if it's Yudan, he's a craftsman!"
"That's right. It's a true lie that I went to the walking companion" Kachitomo "!"
"No, it's true, but in the meantime, I've done some weird work, so I'm told that I can't do it. Anything a little before, Kinpachi's bastard, suddenly hungry. I was hurt, so I asked him to take a rest, and he went down to the offering, and if he had a sudden illness, he would have to take care of him. It's said that you can't see it because it's hidden in the clouds. So, when I was looking for it in a fuss, at the time when it was too late, the bastard who should have a stomachache suddenly appeared from the front. It's like this. I guess it's the same thing that I went home in the meantime and imitated something strange! "
"Hand muscles! Hand muscles! That's right. Then, I don't have to rush, so don't drink tea."
It was the dragon of Zenkoji who came back to the place where he was waiting, with a sunny look of Japan, which seemed to be which one was in Edo.
"It seems to be calm, but is it crazy?"
"But it's a big hit. After all, if you're making a fuss about one of the nine monkeys in the last night, that troupe's monkey prince" Eko "has become unknown, you can come back from this direction. I'll do it. "
"Hello, wasn't that monkey prince the Kasaya Kiritayu you saw!"
"That's right! That's right! It's a male colander because it pierced the front of the Kasaya! Moreover, it is said that he had one bloody petite" Kozuka "."
"Okay. I'm sure my eyes are already. Let's make a small amount of Kusaka-ryu!"
It was the well-known Kinpachi-sensei that dropped the wax-colored scabbard 《Roirozaya》 and boarded it while holding hands. What's more, I wanted to show him the momentum of the man who was even better than the man, but I couldn't forgive him. At the very least, I should have already started to get rid of my wife and woman, but I didn't even try to take one of the incense, and left it alone, leaving the maid's leaves fluffy. I wondered why I was a little worried, but I was attracted to the leafy maid who was sitting in Zatoichi, and while taking out the kimono of my wife and woman and the kimono of mystery,
"How is it? This one will look good too."
"Well! Nice! Will you give me this too?"
"It's not the stage to do, everyone is yours from today."
"Really? Then, your wife will fix it too."
"That's right. So ...? Did you understand?"
Because I was working with a mystery and a strange flutter, a wonderful guy flew from the mouth of a master who entered quietly.
"It's a big pleasure."
"Gee!-"
When I was surprised and looked back, the name of the eighteenth ｜ 啖 呵 《Tanka》!
"There are gays and fuss! It's because I'm busy with screaming! General Kim! Let's not play around! This kind of sword is already old!"
"What do you want to say? What do you say rudely to the direct participation of the world?"
The one who suddenly became a kid was easily held down and became even more famous!
"Laughing! That line is already old! I wonder if the monkey-turning drum isn't going to come directly! It's okay if I spit it out lightly, the scary uncle with the nickname of the right gate. It's a glance. How easy is it? Kindon's master! "
"What do you say with Ki, Ki, Kindon's master? I can't forgive you if you're rude."
"Yoseyai! General! Do you want to pull it out! It's a bad autumn eggplant, I don't want to be cut off quickly--see! See!
When I tried to touch the Namakura sword with a bright twist, the famous watermark of the chest flew even more.
"I haven't had supper yet, so I'm a little worried. If you take the trouble, I can't forgive this Denroku Anii. What if I'm afraid? You can search for a drum that has been beaten last night. "
“…………”
"I don't know if I was silent. If you don't like it with just the drum, you can bring Kasaya Tayu from both countries and blame him for being a monster, but until then, do you still intend to get rid of it?"
“…………”
"It's a time-consuming master! Then, let's call Zatoichi Senichi and let him confront the case where he tried to condemn his innocence."
It is natural that any Kinpachi was blamed if he had been struck by the right gate style until then.
"I'm sorry. I'm sorry for everything. I'm sorry for the Kyogen that I designed before."
"That's right. I guess from the fact that you're too old for the mom you met with this slapstick, you're probably looking at the guy who came in later, but wasn't it!"
"I'm sorry for that. I'm sorry for the fact that the drum that rang last night is being investigated, so I'll tell you my old surname without hiding it, but I'm ashamed to say that I'm embarrassed to use it. I'm afraid that I'm a lowly person, so I'd say it's a cause and effect, but it seems that people are doing a little better, but what's the matter? By the way, I said that this Buddha liked me, and while I was working at the inner room for a couple of nights, I urged him to become a married woman. I made it to the body I bought, and it became the name of this shop under the name of Kinpachi Inoue. Along with this, this leaf came to be a maid, and it was a mischief that she became a maid and became a Buddha. Even if there is, the age is older, and the dexterity and the leafy ones are also messed up around the age of the causal and water, so while the unrighteousness that is gradually noticeable continues, the fighting occurs, inside I swear, I wake up like every night. "
"That's why? Did you feel like killing even more poisonous?"
"Hmm ... I thought I'd kill him, take this stock of his family, and fix the leaves, but even a woman who doesn't like rumors is so cute that she licks it for a year or so. It seems that it's awkward for me to give my hand because I'm the other person, and if I mess up, I'm likely to be kicked out, and I happened to hear the rumor of that Kasaya Tayu from both countries. It had a reputation for dancing through the madness of the human beings, which was very close to the truth. I sneaked out of Matsudaira-sama's mansion last night, and with a single drum, I used to lure the swords from both countries to this point. I'm sorry because I danced the Kaneyo to the ground and stabbed it with a single stab.
"Okay, I understand! I understand! I used a single drum to kill him properly, but if I couldn't find it, did I try to condemn Zatoichi in Senichi?"
"I'm sorry. I'm sorry that I don't hate that Sen city, but I often went to the treatment of fir and had a close relationship with this Buddha, so I had a bad relationship with him, so I stabbed him. I was going to pretend to be the world, and after I killed him, I called for a leaf with an unknown face, so I'm sorry. Please beheaded. If you can't help it, you'll be sick of visiting the maid with this Buddha at least for your sins ... "
"I like it! I don't like the fact that I killed a person, but I was able to go to the dark soil with my sins, and you may be a good person. Hey guys are so painful, that's what makes them look like they are--then, Denroku Anii! Because this leaf has to be sent in the dark for the time being, get ready together quickly. Yo "
However, Denroku Anii was about to twist his neck to the right and to the left, so he held it down and the masters were all over.
"I understand! I understand! I know without a twist. When I heard that, I wondered why he gave Kasaya Tayu a hoshi again, but that's why he's not good at it. If you have time to go to the hair bed or the morning bath in a hurry, you should also look at the sword, because you can't help but see it. How are you doing with this? "



Bottom book: "Right Gate Catchbook (2)" Shunyo Bunko, Shunyodou Bookstore
September 15, 1982 (Showa 57) Newly refurbished first print issued
Input: tatsuki
Proofreading: Shigeo Yanagisawa
Published August 10, 2000
Revised September 20, 2005
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
