Right gate catcher
Thousand persimmon brim
Mitsuzo Sasaki

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Falconry

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Daikijin | Matsudaira Izumori << Matsudaira Izumi no Kami >>

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) [# Indent from here]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

1

It is the 20th one.
It started in late November after a long time. It's a strange thing, and when it gets cold, it always blows. It's a wind that blows when it's cold, so it's no wonder that the kogarashi blew, but when it comes to the kogarashi in Edo, it's strangely cold, and this is another specialty. When this guy starts to blow through the eaves, it's strange and there will surely be a fire. It's no wonder that a fire broke out because it's cold and you start to use it, but when it comes to a fire in Edo, it burns strangely well, and this is another specialty. Another specialty of this season is the falconry of the shogunate-because he has a very good status, the shogunate is a specialty, whether he wants to hunt falconry or to play with the dojo scoop. It seems unlikely, but it seems strange that humans will be killed somewhat more in the cold than in the hot, and that in November there will always be a falconry.
Therefore, on the 26th, there was a sword from Ogu over Senju to Sumida Village. The three families of Kioi, Oo, and Mizu were the first to accompany me. Then, the familiar Daimyo person | Matsudaira Izumo "Matsudaira Izu no Kami", followed by Seishu Matsudaira "Seishu Matsudaira", Oki "Oki" Matsudaira, Izumo "Izumo" Matsudaira and other 18 gorenshi, and Ii "Good" Honda, Sakai Sakakibara "Sakai Sakakibara" Tokugawa Shitenno and other 23 family Fudai Daimyo. Each of these difficult daimyo will be accompanied by a samurai vassal of each family, and a group of guards, the samurai "Kachizamurai", will accompany them. Because the things that come in are not too high. It is the seven days after the dawn that the main enclosure will come out. That is, it is four o'clock now. Doi, who will be Sendagimura for a long time in the basket, will go to the mansion of Ooi no Kami, where he will be dressed as a hunting suit, behind Kichijoji. Bring a hawk from Takabeya, along the river with Hisashi Ueogu and Hisashi Shimoo, and enjoy lunch while nourishing the spirit of Kozen. Ishikawa in front of Mikawashima village | Hyuga no Kami's mansion, cross the river from there to Sumida village, and go down the Okawa line from Terajima village to the Mito family's mansion. The route was to return to Chiyoda Castle after having a hunting party.
Once the order of the falconry is decided, the first thing that is busy is, of course, the people who are guarding the roadside, but the ones who are busy after that are the falconers behind Kichijoji. These are the falconers who are in charge of the work. At that time, there were two hawk bees that were prepared for the shogunate's nagusami, the back of Kichijoji for east hunting and Okubo for west hunting. There are 66 hawks bred in these two places. There are 20 falconers who keep this. While relying on falconry, which I don't know if these 20 people will be there once or twice a year, they will live with falconry that is neither more interesting nor strange, and will receive a pretty good dashi. There is no such thing as a falconer in the world who is as ridiculous as a falconer, and there is no such thing as a happy profession. Depending on how the birds are kept, it will resonate with the dignity of the birds and affect the genealogy of the family.
Thus, the falcon that was accompanied by the falcon behind Kichijoji on the day was filled with famous birds such as Himegaki, Horai, and Tamatsushima. Twelve birds.
"This is Izu"
"Huh"
"It looks like the peasants are wielding a strange spear in that field, but what's that?"
"I'm afraid I'm sorry. Don't mess with that item with a spear. I'm messing with a farm tool called a hoe."
"What do you call that a hoe? Hoe. I've learned a lot."
If possible, I would like to become a general for only two days. ――While continuing Takano in a very slanted manner, when I was about to enter Shimoo Hisashi, powder snow, which was rare in Edo a year ago, began to flicker. It's a normal story of 10 million. It's a shameful story that snow has begun to hunt falconry, but unfortunately the falconry doesn't fly if it snows. Needless to say, if you come to Takano and the first hunting tool, the hawk, doesn't fly!
"It's time to go home! I'm already back home.
"Che. Why! Why!"
It was Denroku who was no stranger to hear the cancellation and immediately started to ring as if to respond to the sounding thing. ――However, the place where the Denroku mystery was, was the area behind and far behind, where it looked hazy in the distance, so the cancellation was first transmitted from the shogunate to Izumori, and the lords from Izumori. Soba udon is transmitted to the lords from the lords to the servants, from the lords to the valets, to the townspeople, and to the end of the town. If it was, it was a time when it had already stretched, but whether it was far away or near, this exclusively noisy guy was with me as one of the lords of the town. As long as I joined, it's no wonder that I immediately made a proud ringing sound.
"Why! Why! That's why I don't like the dice and the dice because they are too selfish. I woke up in the cold at night, and today I thought I was a general. I was looking forward to it, but now I don't have to imitate my in-laws and humanity! Hey! What's wrong! Isn't it? Doesn't that make sense? "
"Head is high! Please refrain"
"e?"
"Don't you know that figure! I'm tall. Please refrain."
I was struck by the fact that my nose was about to start ringing, and I was struck by the fact that my head was tall. I'm Mamoru Izu, the famous Chancellor who isn't anyone.
"Chikou! Chikou!"
Moreover, since he invited a master with his eyes in a hurry, he said that it was important to listen to it while he was screaming, but Izumori took the trouble to carry it. , It wasn't for the master, but for Zenkoji | Tatsu. As a result of the cancellation of falconry, the situation suddenly changed, and the shogunate and other lords of the servants, Koju, will now go to Koishikawa's Yaba and compete in front of them. Therefore, it was a reminder to bring his favorite bow from the mansion to the Koishikawa to the dragon as soon as possible. It seemed that I didn't have to bother to set up Zenkoji Tatsu as a messenger for that purpose, but at this time, Izumori was accompanied by Takano as a samurai, and his favorite Kosho ｜ Uneme was the only one. This is the most notable practice in the conduct of the prestigious Chancellor Matsudaira Nobutsune Izu, so there are many other lords, but at least six or seven are accompanied by servants. The fact that he was alone, especially in the profession of Rōjū, means that if he brought in the Koro Party of many houses at such times, he would be a servant of the Kakuro | Soshu. Then, from the wise man's wiseness that the general would be scorned by a special servant, and for that reason other princes would be jealous of him, he was deliberately light and obedient. It was always the case to do it. --Tatsu is, needless to say, a person who became a subordinate of a master at the recommendation of the prestigious Chancellor Izumori. By the way, it's no wonder that this lovely lord, Kuge, who knew how the mansion looked like, had a white arrow, but when I heard it, I couldn't get it. is.
"Che"
When it sounded specially bravely, it was the Denroku style again.
"Well, if you're doing well, if you want to be a dog, you should be a big dog. It's cheap, first oval, and if the wind is a little nice, it's an inro. I think I got the inro for the current rent. The Okudasashi Asobasu-sama is the flying bird, Soshu-sama. It must be a masterpiece, but if it was a spectacle such as the rooting of a coral pearl "Sangoju", even if you put it in prison at a seven-storey shop, it would be worth 20 dollars! ! Isn't the dog envious of the inro! "

2

However, enviously and hatefully, it is not easy to return to Hatchobori for what happened to the dragon. Even if I went to the mansion, went to Koishikawa, and delivered the bow as ordered, I thought that I would return to the Kumiyashiki by noon, but even if it became eight, it became seven. However, the powder snow was just fluttering mischievously, and the smaller one didn't show up, so I can't help but be controversial!
"Chikushome. Don't fall down again. Snow is a tribute to a good harvest.
“…………”
"Che. At least you should be the other party, I'm a dragon maid, I'm sorry for the inro. I had a lot of trouble in the snow. By the way, I went to the mansion again. It's like saying that even the maids should take a loose approach to the other party, and I'm sorry to say that I'm hungry. It's a really exquisite set. It's ugly. "
The ringing is suspicious. For some reason, Denroku's original connection of Mage flew away by himself.
"Yeah. It feels bad! I wonder what it was like even though it was just tied up!"
When I didn't know what to say, Bukimi and Bukimi, one of the master's favorite swords that was hung on the alcove between the floors, scabbard. It is an ancient tradition that the sword's scabbard is an ominous omen, and the sword's scabbard is an ominous omen. I was suspicious of the slowness of the dragon, so I wondered why I didn't go home. I told him to tweet.
"I'm just a lucky one, but-I think I'm suddenly getting older. It seems like I'm going home for a while. Come and see me."
It was the sound of Hayauma that urged me to run Denroku, and rushed to the road on the front of the snow with the sound of Toto, Toto and hooves.
“…………?”
When I heard something like Hatena--
"Are you at home? Which is at home at the right gate?"
There was a rushing voice.
"Don't you-Mamoru Izu is a urgent call! Please meet me. Oh yeah, meet this!"
It was a good idea if the rhyme was disturbed, the breathing momentum, or even a rare event that was not easy suddenly happened, so when I heard it, the master jumped a step.
"What are you going to do?"
"This is it! This is it!"
The young valet offered a secret letter as follows, which was frustrating while handing it over.
[# Indent from here]
"--I can't say anything else. It's important | I'm done, I'm in a hurry, and I should come on a horse while I'm in a hurry."
[# End of indentation here]
It is an unprecedented paper. It was an urgent matter, whether there was something wrong with the shogunate's body or it was important for Izumori himself to come on horseback in a hurry. The words of the unmoving master also trembled naturally.
"Which one! Where do you want to go?"
"It's a mansion!"
"What about horses?"
"This is it! It's a reminder to come with this bay!"
"I understand!"
If you straddle it on your behalf,
"Denroku. Continue!"
The snowy dusk road was brilliantly judged by the Hachijo style reins, and I ran all the way to the Izu family's residence behind Shinobazu Pond.
It was just six at the end of the day. When I suddenly abandoned my horse and landed on the ground--
"Oh! Did you come!"
From the bushes beside the gate, it was Izumori himself who appeared as if he couldn't wait, with the whole body bathed in the falling powder snow without snow. In addition to telling that that one thing is often the serious matter of the case, I was fooled by the leakage of secrets, and I couldn't even follow my aides, so I just waited alone. The voice of the master finally trembled.
"You can say that it's very important, but what do you do?"
"At first glance, you can see it. Come here."
At that time, along with Denroku, who was breathlessly squeezed, the place where he was able to lead the master and servant was, strangely, a Nagaya in the corner of the mansion. Moreover, when I went to the front of the smallest house on the outskirts,
"Uneme, no one is good"
"Huh. I've been watching enough, so I'm fine."
I was reminded by the uneme of the small family who was brought to Takano, but when I first went through the gate to the garden, I was told that I was terrified while pointing at my feet.
"The riddle is under these two komo. Take it!"
At the same time, both the master and Denroku shouted in unison so much that they forgot that they were in front of Izumori. Also, why shouldn't this be astonishing! The dragon was under one of the 菰, and the Zenkoji dragon, which was slow to return, was dyed all over from the shoulder to the back, and it was awkward to see. No, there is more than one dragon in the corpse! Under the next 菰 that faced each other, there was another mukuro whose shoulder was struck by a kasaya. Moreover, his hand is firmly holding the sword. With that, it seems that we have stopped the irreplaceable subordinates of the master, and desperately grasped one sword. The dragon was also the one who killed the opponent with it, or the one with a sword in his hand, so aside from the matter, from the mouth of Denroku, neither the place nor the public can be bitten. The words that united surprise and resentment were first released in an explosive manner.
"This is what you say, this is what you say, what's wrong? Tatsu. Tatsuko! You're already breathless! Are you breathless? Hmm ... Tell me. What should I do? Tatsu ... Tatsuko ...! I can't breathe. I can't breathe anymore ... "
Please refrain! Be aware of the public--! It was normal to swear that Izumori was in front of me, but this time the master Umon also kept mourning Denroku. Also, it should be so. It is no wonder that the dragons under his control had a difficult time, and that the same mourning was solicited from the masters who thought of his subordinates. ――As if it gained momentum, the crying Uedo and the angry Uedo Denroku continued to let go of it.
"I can't breathe! I can't breathe anymore! I'm sorry I'm sorry! Please do something about it ... Yes, I can't do anything about it ...! It's a posterity ... It's a posterity! "
Invited by the tears, drops flowed like a waterfall on the beautiful side of the master. But-not when you're crying! It is not the case when you are mourning for mischief. I hurriedly wiped both cheeks and asked Izumori again.
"I'm sorry, why did this happen again?"
"Because I don't understand it at all, I hurriedly invited him. In fact, as you know, I ordered the bow to be delivered from this mansion to Koishikawa. In addition, I couldn't bring this dragon to Yaba no matter how long I waited, so I finally finished using it, and while suspicious, when I just returned home, it was like this. "
"When did you hear it?"
"As soon as I get home"
"I'm sorry for the announcement from the sauce."
"That person-you can hear it. That person informed me."
Along with the words that were said, at that time, the voice of a person crying in a sneaking sound leaked from the dark house where the shoji were completely closed, as if the emotions were suddenly approaching.
"Don't be a woman. I'm afraid of anyone."
"Furuhashi, who is lying down here | The only daughter of Sensuke. That person first found this person and informed me, so please refrain from asking."
If the first person to discover is the daughter, it goes without saying that the first thing to do is to cross-examine. The master pushed up to the tatami room without hesitation.
At the same time, in the dark haze, a short cage was hurriedly lit by the hand of the daughter who knew about it, and under the light that flickered sadly in the shadow of the old man, its appearance. Everything came to light. ――When I was 15 or 6 years old, the buds were still in full bloom. He seems to be a small person, but his appearance is just awake. What's more, because it was soaked in tears, it was so beautiful that it was so delicious, innocent, and that it wouldn't spill if you touched it with one finger.
Of course, as long as I broke in, I thought that the cross-examination would start soon, but it was the usual 18th. I was staring at the little girl with eyes that I could see and didn't see, but eventually it was the right gate style.
"You went to visit today's temple!"
"Eh--"
Like that, I was holding back the scary thing.
"The incense sticks on my body are proof of that--yes, you can see anything, so don't hide it. If you look at it, you're a family member. It looks like you are alone, but is it your mother who went to visit the grave? "
"Ai ... I'm sorry for that."
"Is today your death anniversary?"
"Ai. The moon is different, but it's a day when 26 days have passed, so I asked my father to go to Bodaiji Temple in Asakusa in the morning, and a little over five. When I come home after passing-- "
"Is it said that my father and that dragon were tied together?"
"No, it's not. It's not. My father loved Ohagi so much that he went around to Komagata and bought it as a souvenir. I didn't get a reply, so while I was searching, I was sick because they were dyed in the snow like this and fell down in this garden. "
"Did you run out of it at that time, or did you still breathe?"
"I was sick of running out, but both of them were still warm in their bodies, so I took care of them all the time, but what will happen with that deepness, it will get colder sooner or later. I knew that I had just informed someone because it was gone, but unfortunately, all the people in the Nagaya were off duty, and where else they were sent out, and no one came. While I was wondering what to do, I made a lot of noise and finally decided to be involved in the name of the house, and I tried not to stand out. I chewed the crab without putting it on, and I was waiting for the sadness, but since I was confused as if I was returning to the palace, I secretly wished for your eyes and heard the details. I'm sorry. "
The statement was quite appreciative. It was a girl, a wise woman who looked up at her as if she was a girl, who kept the secret for a long time without touching the name of the house after making a noise. Chancellor Izumori also told me to origami that he was a wise woman.
"As I've heard, that's exactly what I said. The first-aid treatment was also a pity because it didn't suit my little girl. I made him keep an eye on him and set up a courier there secretly. From the perspective of Mukuro, it seems that both Sensuke and Tatsukuro are fighting for something. It happened, and it seemed that both of them died in a battle with each other as if they had a blade injury in this garden, but the suspicion was that they both fought for the bow. I don't think that Tatsukuro has a line to contend with, and I don't think that Sensuke has a section that should be struck by Tatsukuro, but I'm worried that he's competing with each other. Wisdom flirting! "
Needless to say! It is said that Tatsukuro, who is under his control, has been subordinated by the recommendation of Chancellor Izumori, and that the vassal of Izumori, who made the recommendation, has been fighting against a suspicious blade injury. It's not an easy case. The only grudge was that it was a little too late, from the five in the morning when I discovered it to the six in the evening. Let's go! Next, the urgent task is to verify the two corpses. With the short cage "Tankei" in one hand, the master landed in the garden again while still bathing in the powder snow that had fallen steadily.
The blueness of the face!
The strength of that determination!
The appearance of the master right gate standing in the snowy garden, holding a short cage that lit up in the air in one hand, was rather brilliant. No, it should be brilliant. For some reason, my subordinate dragon and the gracious Chancellor, Rokubito, fought and defeated each other, depending on what happened. It was an important matter that should be advanced and retreated.
Denroku is very good again! Hundred sounds, thousand sounds, and many sounds, but in the case of an incident involving a younger brother, the drums that ring do not make a cheerful sound like usual, or stop the sound. I watched closely while watching the sound.
When the master walked quietly, the first thing he saw was the wounds on his shoulders. Then, the swords that both of them are holding. Next is the position of both people. It is the position where you are lying down, facing each other. While keeping the calmness of the forest and pointing the light of the short cage, I was inspecting the above three points in a huge "Kosai", but in the meantime, even the eyes of the master were shiny and truly shiny. At the same time as crossing
"Yeah!-"
A cry of full power leaked.
"What happened!"
“…………”
"Have you ever investigated!"
"Huh. I'm sorry! I'm sure I'm sorry!"
"What! What!"
The words of Mamoru Izu, who asked me a lot,
"Please wait a moment"
When I turned around while controlling, I asked quietly.
"What is the name of that daughter?"
"It's called Koume, but what's wrong with that?"
"No, that's not a big deal. I'm sorry to ask you a little bit--, no! Koume which! Koume which!"
When I invited him, I was reminded.
"You, these two corpses are the same as they were when you found them, and I won't move them at all."
"Ai. I touched Totosama, that person, and my mouth, but I didn't touch them anywhere."
"If you do so--"
"What!"
"Don't be surprised. At first glance, it seems that both of them suffered hand injuries and died as a result of the blade injury, but I'm sorry for the fact that they have defeated each other. Nuzo "
"What! I have to fight! Why! Why!"
"The first proof is that the two shoulder wounds are a mess, so I'm sorry. If you've been fighting each other and you're lying face to face like this, it's natural that there should be a front injury to each other. Wouldn't it be nice if all the wounds were struck from behind the back? "
"Hmm ... but"
"No, I'm definitely not crazy about my eyes. The second proof is that I'm messing with the swords of both names, so I'm not going to compare them. , Both swords should have blood oil floating on them, but even if you can see it in Tatsu's specialties, you shouldn't be disappointed if you can't see any cloudiness in one of your swords. "
By the Akechi of the master right gate, some suspicions were raised here in the case of gasping. The corpses have fallen side by side with their faces facing each other in a well-behaved manner, but the wounds they receive are not the other wounds, and the back swords that have been made from behind are truly bizarre. Moreover, even though the dragon's sword has a cloudy blood that cuts a person, it is finally suspicious that one of the opponent's swords does not have it! -
"Shikaraba--"
"Why are you sorry?"
"It must have been a dragon who defeated Sensuke, but do you say that there are other bad guys who cut the dragon?"
"No, I'm sorry for the difference in glasses."
As a natural consequence, the master lightly pressed the guess made by Mamoru Izu, and said that it was all right.
"I don't want to mess with the dragon that killed Sensuke."
"What. It's not a dragon! It's a sauce! It's a sauce! Do you say that both of them were in the hands of other bad guys?"
"Yes. From the perspective of the right gate, it's not exactly that different. The proof is that the swords that both of them are holding are the way they hold the swords, so don't be afraid. You see! As you can see, Sensuke looks like it was cut while holding it, and no matter how much you pull it, it won't come off.
At the same time as pulling, it came off when the sword in possession came out of that hand. Needless to say, if it came off, everything that Tatsu had in his hand was proof that he had grasped it later. It must have been cut, killed, and squeezed afterwards. Moreover, if the fatal wounds they are receiving are the same type of back sword, the same person cuts and throws away both Sensuke and Tatsu, and the sword that he cut to kill the crime. It must have been held in the hands of the dragon, and the two of them had defeated each other and pretended to have collapsed, and the electricity must have been discharged to either side. If the guess was correct, the question that naturally followed was one of the following.
Why did Tatsu, who came to pick up the bow again, meet such a disaster! Why did you end up with an unpleasant side death with Sensuke? --That one. Mystery and suspicion are one of them.
However, the master Akechi was truly wonderful to cut off the swords.
"I don't have a sword! I can't find the throwing sword that Tatsu has in his possession, either in his waist or in his pocket! You must have found an enemy and killed him when he jumped out of his way, so let's scratch the snow and search around here! "
Desperate from Denroku! From underneath the snow around the dragon, it was the end of the lasso that I was able to handle on a daily basis. If you pull it out from under the snow while pulling it up, there is no point! As you can guess, it was cut off from the middle of the sword. I saw it at the scene where Sensuke and the enemy were fighting by passing by, and even though I was surely holding down the opponent once, it seemed that the enemy had a very strong arm, so I cut off the lasso and cut off the lasso, and that one sword. It must have been cut off with a lasso, and then the shape of the rivalry was set aside, and then the electricity was quickly discharged.
"Fufumu! That's right ..."
From the mouth of the Chancellor, a voice of admiration was heard as if it were just now.
However, for the master, the future is the point of Akechi's inspiration.
From the point of view, who is the dragon and the dragon?
For what reason [# "for what" is "for what" in the original], did Sensuke get sick?
Who is the enemy who cut it?
I was keenly looking at the corpse of Sensuke, but it was the usual attack. It is that Akechi of Karame hand scrutiny. I was surprised by Mamoru Izu and struck him.
"Yeah. This is Sensuke Furuhashi, which is the best part of the painting!"
"That's right! That's right! I called the Gagô Kodo and sold my name all over my house, but why did I find out again!"
"The paint on your fingers is a proof of that, but did you get a picture of the clerk?"
"No, I'm one of the covert Onmitsu I used with my eyes."
"Why are you messing around! I wonder if you're messing around secretly! Did you find out where you got your order lately and came to the insider?"
"It's a big deal. Let's do something! Ikoma Iki Mamoru" Ikoma Iki no Kami "was the one who made me search for the behavior, this is Sensuke Furuhashi!"
"Eh--"
Master Umon gave a surprised voice. The fact that the lord of Sanuki Takamatsu, Ikoma Iki Mamoru, had a number of misconduct traces, confiscated 170,000 stones and was exiled to Yuriyajima in Dewa. It was only recently.
"Yeah, did you get sick of that? On the contrary, I'm sick of what you were looking for."
"Iki Mamoru, without the permission of the official courtesy, had to take care of the castle in Nakatakamatsu, and there was a person who gave a secret notice. When I made a drawing, it turned out that I had built three forbidden defense yagura, so the Ikoma family was a famous prestigious person, but I punished them with tears. "
"That's not enough!"
"What! Then, do you say that it was also the Ronin of Ikoma who came to aim for Sensuke Furuhashi!"
"First of all, let's get rid of it. It's not a matter of official decency or you, so at least it's a grudge, and Furuhashi, who has a wrong line, makes a difference. In any case, I'm glad that I left such a sword in the hands of the dragon. Let's get rid of it. "
I picked it up and changed the scent, smell, and preparation to a giant smile, but at the same time as my eyes were focused on the brim, it was light. A smile fell into the master's mouth.
"Did you understand!"
"maybe--"
"What!"
"Don't mess with this brim. It's just the work of a master of Chikaki."
"What! What is the tsuba of a thousand persimmons?"
It is natural that Izumori was surprised-the tsuba of the Chikaki master at that time was a tsuba that was surprisingly hard to hear for those who knew it. I lived in Asakusa, just a stone's throw away from my eyes and nose. For this reason, it was finished early for a year and a half, and if it was a little longer, it was three years. Therefore, by the time when I was nearly sixty years old, the number of thousand persimmon tsuba that I had made was about ten or fifteen at most. If the number of works is small, the price is high! If the price is high, it is difficult for a person with a small amount of money to handle it! Needless to say, if it is difficult, it must have been bought or trained by a high-ranking person, or by a very small number of lovers, Kozuka. If there is no difference--.
"Denroku"
"I'm done!"
It seemed that he had borrowed it from the agile "Binsho" before he knew it, and he was waiting with all the sticks in the mansion with the land scale "Rokushaku" | Two baskets.
"I'm sorry to borrow for a while!"
"Oh! No matter how much! -Good news, I'm looking forward to it!"
Leaving the words of Chancellor Izumori behind him and holding a sword of a thousand persimmon tsuba that should be a clue, when he became a person of Kago, the two masters and servants still suffered from the falling snow. To Asakusa, where the old man of Chikaki lives! To Seitencho!

3

When I arrived, just five of the first changes――
"Here it is. Here it is here. This is the residence of the old man Chikaki! This time, I can't even mess with the squid, so don't wash it. ! Even if I bite into the stone, I have to defeat the dragon's sword and make it a Buddhahood, and my brother is not happy, so I should let Denroku make a man! "
Taking one of the clues from the master's hand and dancing like a yadama, the stuttering is in front of you while pointing the tsubamoto to the old man Chikaki who was steadily carving at the small factory there. As if I was a kid, I said stuttering and stuttering.
"I don't remember this!"
“…………?”
"Hurry up, don't snap, go to me. I don't remember where and when this tsuba was asked to carve."
"Please refrain"
"What is the refrain? The right gate, Denroku's master came.
"Greetings first, no matter who you are!"
"Hey, hey! Hey, hey! I'm not afraid to hear the names of the two of us, it's a master Katagi! It was bad! It was bad! Good evening again. Don't you remember this tsuba!"
"What should I do if I don't have it! This is the 8th product that was carved in 6 years, big and small."
"Yes! Thank you! Where and when to order!"
"Ikoma-sama's servant--"
"What. Oh, I can't wait! Ikoma! Ikoma! Eyes, eyes, eyes, that's right--Ah, ah, I'm so happy, I can't say anything!" I don't want to wash it instead ...! Yeah, wait! Well! Let's wash it! Let's wash it because the dragons are happy! --Tosan! Ikoma! What is the name of his servant? "
"Shiro Gondo, Gorozaemon, is a long-named person who is called" Gondoshiro Gorozaemon "."
"Is it a bastard?"
"I'm sorry to say that you're a bastard. I'm sorry to say that I'm a master of Gohyakkoku and Gohyakkoku."
"Don't you remember them!"
"Goodbye ...?"
"Don't you remember! You can't remember what you see in the physiognomy!"
"I'm sorry. It's about 40 medium-sized meat | Chuzei, and there's nothing else that stands out, but I'm sure I didn't have one little finger on my left hand."
"Thank you! Thank you! Oh, thank you! --Dan! Danna! You're right. If you have all these clues, I'm sorry, so I'll do something about it. Goze! Did you run away? Yes, keep an eye on it! "
"OK. Don't cry! Don't cry!"
I was thinking about it, but when I got on the Kago,
"Rokushaku! To the mansion!"
What kind of secret plan do you have? ――I made you breathe again toward the mansion of the Izu family ―― Snow continued to fall, literally the silver world. On the snowy night road of the white silver "Shirogane", which was blurred like a dream, the land scales proud of the Soshu family flew like arrows.
When I arrived-it was a waste of time for Mr. Izumori Matsudaira, the authority of the world. The covert "Onmitsu" of the patronage is lined up in the black of Sensuke Furuhashi, and along with the dragons of Zenkoji Tatsu and Tatsukuro, they are placed in the clan's tamaribeya in the mansion, and they flutter as a scent. In the meantime, I was about to be able to enjoy the incense of the dragon.
"You!"
"Oh! How about success!"
"Of course--"
"Do you say it's successful!"
"Huh. The bad guys will be sick of the guy who was wearing the Roku until the Ikoma clan was crushed."
"Then, you're the one who became a new Ronin!"
"I'm sorry for your inconvenience. I'm sorry that I should have become a ronin with the Ikoma family being crushed. Therefore--"
"Why! What do you want me to help you?"
"Huh. If you try to find it by yourself, even if it will take a while, you will surely find out where you are hiding, but Furuhashi Not to mention any of them, Tatsukuro is also a relative of you, so if you can do it-- "
"I understand! I understand! It's not the stage to help, but what should I do?"
"Even if the bad guys are new ronin these days, if you decide to be a ronin, I hope you'll be wise."
"Oh! That's right! I understand only! Don't say! Don't leave behind! What kind of physiognomy does that person have?"
"It's a forty-year-old medium-sized, medium-backed guy who doesn't have a little finger on his left hand."
"It would be nice if I knew that much.-Everyone would have heard of the physiognomy."
Chancellor Izumori, looking back at the valets who were living beside him, ordered Chototsu.
"If you don't know, Uneme! That's Saihai, and suddenly, about seven or eight horses are ready for Hayauma!"
It's a mysterious command. Let's prepare nearly eight Hayauma and let them fly to Izuko! If you decide to be a ronin, what is that "that" or "that" of you, that-that-and that you wish for your wise wisdom? ――I understand. What kind of mystery is that "after", such as "no, no, don't leave behind"? ――. As always, the interaction between the ronin master and the prestigious minister is truly a mysterious abdominal art [# "but" is "is it" in the bottom line], but if you break it down, it's strange. No, not suspicious, the master said, that "that" in front of you was trying to use Izumori's ronin crackdown policy. As you know, Matsudaira Nobutsuna is a giant secret politician who spent most of his life cracking down on the Ronin. Above all, in the era before and after this incident, the Ronin was extremely ridiculous, and Izumori was also extremely enthusiastic about cracking down on the crackdown, and the Ronin infiltrated the prefecture, that is, in Edo City. However, in order to prevent it from becoming scarlet, a secret place called Tonsho, a hidden sighting place for the Ronin, was set up secretly at the entrance and exit to the Gokaidou, that is, the Tokaido exit is Shinagawa's inn, Koshu. The highway entrance is Naito Shinjuku, the Nakasendo entrance is Itabashi-shuku, and the Ou and Nikko highway entrances are Senju. The ronin's identity was changed and suspicious interrogations were conducted all the time, and the town itself was called by the secret word "Ichimachi-meki". Set up in each town, some masquerade as townspeople, others as craftsmen, constantly monitoring the ronin living in the city, and also sneaking their movements, big and small. Only if you are familiar with the fact that there are numerous and precise crackdown nets that allow you to concentrate your reports on your own body without leaking them, the master will crack down on the ronin like the hands of a spider. I came up with the idea of using the net. If the long-named Ikoma family Sina, Shiro Gondo Gorozaemon, expels the electricity to the outside of the prefecture, he will go to one of the hidden tunshoes at the entrance of the Five Routes, and if he is still hiding in the city, Ichimachi. I knew that I would have left some kind of footprint movement in a hidden place somewhere in the basis weight.
The valets below the uneme who were ordered were familiar with the ronin net, and the horses that were immediately pulled out there were eight horses of Shunme. The eight riders who stand as secret courier are a lineup of beautiful children who are popular with Izu Kosho and Edo.
"Oh, I'm ready for all of them. Okay, four people went to the highway entrance hidden tunsho. The other four people went to Metsuke in the city, looking at the physiognomy ronin that the right gate just said. Don't be afraid to search for movements. Just in case, when you go in and out of the hiding place, you should be careful not to be overlooked by people. "
"Huh"
At the same time, Yami Shonen scattered the snowy road in all directions on Yutaka Magami. ――Sometimes it's about five drops near Nisara.

4

The remaining master and servant remained still in front of the dragon's spirit. It's possible that the screaming and screaming Denroku wouldn't be ringing all the time, but tonight, "Koyo" is a different person.
Remembering it …….
If you do it, it will be again …….
If you wipe it with a big hand, it will pop again …….
It ’s a pity only for Denroku.
Not only the master, but also silently, this also began to slowly shed hidden tears.
On the other hand, Koume, the only daughter of Sensuke Furuhashi, is lined up gracefully, and while shedding beautiful tears in her beautiful appearance that seems to be a pair of chicks, the master Umon, she is quiet in front of her father's spirit. He continued to offer his "Eko".
Chancellor Izumori, without the noble soul, sank down and dandruffed on a snowy night, and remained quietly sitting there.
Thus, half an hour 《Hantoki》. --A quarter time.
Then another quarter.
The midnight nines rang from the mountains of Ueno.
And--the sound of a hoof, tapping, tapping, tapping. Full seat, to the place where I'm waiting for you
"I'm sorry to come back!"
It was the uneme uneme who showed the appearance of the first place.
"Oh! How is it! How is it!"
"I'm sorry to understand! I'm sorry to have a clue!"
"What! I got it! It was the one who came!"
"I'm going to visit Itabashi at the mouth of Nakasendo!"
"Yes! Tell me! Tell me! Say goodbye! What kind of clue!"
"I'm afraid that it was a little over six years ago, but I think it's a samurai who has a habit of looking at his eyes, shoulders, and hips. The guy who was suspiciously tried to pass through the middle sword, aiming for the middle sendo, so when I looked up suspiciously, not only did he have no left little finger, but Chikaki was unsuitable for the middle sword. Since I had a little finger of a brim, I'm sorry that I still keep it in a hidden yard! "
"What! Goodbye! It's just that guy! Right gate! How is it! Isn't it!"
"No, I don't mind the difference! The proof that you have a small wakizashi of a thousand persimmon tsuba, the old man of a thousand persimmon said that he made two large and small tsuba, so it is true. Let's go to Gondo Shiro Gorozaemon! Then, please lend me the Kago Sancho! --Sa! Denroku "
“…………”
"Why didn't you stand! Why didn't you stand! How did you like it!"
"I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm afraid I'm sick and tired!
"I just heard about the existence of the sword, and I wonder if there is a guy who can get rid of it from now on. The other party is a master of the three-article style!
"No, I stood up. Chikushome! Because I stood up, I can't do it anymore .-- Tatsu, this is Tatsu! Listen carefully! Oh, your big brother will surely defeat this biography, Denroku! Did you understand! Did you understand this? Together! Put on a sash! Roll up a dragon! Oh yeah! If you want to, get on this basket! "
The place where I got on, Sancho's mansion Kago ran toward Itabashi.
Not only did he defeat both Sensuke Furuhashi and Tatsukuro, who had seen him, but he also seemed to be angry with the wanderer who couldn't be thrown away when he had a misguided grudge against the punishment of the public rites. Izumori also wrapped his face in a snow hood, straddled a white horse, and followed the small surname Uneme Ikki behind him, and chased after the three-chome Kago with a small deed.
When rushed, it dropped by nine.
At first glance, the hidden tunsho that I aimed for was seen as a mere townhouse, but once I stepped into it, the equipment was so laid-back that I pretended to be a dozo and attached to the suspicious prison. The Ikoma clan Ronin Gondo Shirogorozaemon in question, while receiving strict guards and guards in the dozo, is masquerading as an intermediate person, but he is invincible and screaming high and devouring his sleep. It was a sword.
"Hmm, Ayatsuka.
As the only proof, while scaring the one sword of the Chikaki Tsuba that I brought with me, the master said that
"Get up!"
The pillow was kicked off and it was called "Zubari".
"Long-named Jin! I imitated the taste at my knees."
"Eh--"
"Surprisingly, yeah, you've heard the name used in Sanuki! I'm the right gate of my nickname. If I have a name, there's nothing else to do! I have it here. This Nagee one-sword Chikaki Tsuba, the small Wakizashi Chikaki Tsuba that you have, and the two large and small ones fit perfectly. Let's see! The townspeople in front of Edo didn't say anything about waste. Did this sword squeeze into the bones? "
"That's right! You're a small right gate! Then"
While wearing an obi, the long-named Shiro Gorozaemon, as expected, settled down.
"If you look at the thousand persimmon tsuba, you'll be fluttering. I'm the one who defeated Sensuke Furuhashi. That noisy secret" Onmitsu "was an unnecessary loyalty, so if there was 170,000 stones I killed him because he was hurt. I picked up a small lasso with a sword because he was irritated, but what should I do if I wake him up this night? "
"Homare's slaughter! Did you like it!"
"Interesting! It's interesting to know Shiro Gondo Gorozaemon's Sanshin style! Let's become a partner! Come on!"
The master's right gate was squeezed and squeezed, and he made a small wakizashi.
"Don't worry. Don't worry."
While holding it down, when I went to the surface of the snow, I loved the enemy even more, and I was impressed.
"In a sunny game, you will be inconvenienced with that short wakizashi. Bring this to your hands."
When I threw the long sword of Chikaki Tsuba in my hand to Shiro Gorozaemon and handed it over,
"Sa! Denroku. You can use this!"
Pull out the slender wax-colored scabbard 《Roirozaya》 from your waist and hand it over.
"Mr. Koume, please use this."
While handing a short-waisted knife to Koume, who was slaughtered by his father, he was completely waistless. What's more, it was called Yuzen.
"Sa! Both names are written."
Denroku and Koume desperately set their voices, but their arms were different. The master of the Sanshin style is just like cheating.
"With such a blunt arm, I have a pain in my stomach.
While laughing, Shiro Gorozaemon was screaming at Denroku first.
"Don't miss it. The right gate is sloppy."
It is an invincible and unrivaled Kusaka style that is invincible when it comes to dancing. Take your arm and twist it while screwing it up to make it rocky! Shiro Gorozaemon shook up on the snow like a sword-Koume was a sword from the left! From the right, Denroku are people!
"Oh! It's wonderful! Both are wonderful!"
In the falling snow, the mouth of Chancellor Izumori, who was watching from the horse in a relaxed manner, unexpectedly gave a compliment.
Denroku was a little drowsy as if he was drowning and disappointed, but I wondered if his eyes were blurred.
"Wow. Did you cut it! Did you cut it! Did you cut it! Did you cut it? Tatsu, Tatsu. Ask if there was a soul and pork! Hun and po, this Denroku was the only one who defeated him! "
When I screamed with a great deal of effort when I was alone, I suddenly cried on the snow. I cried like something I couldn't bear the joy of. ――Koume, who defeated his father's sword, also fell down on the snow.
Similarly, when the master struck quietly, his eyes gently wiped it off.
On top of the three figures, on the mukuro of Shiro Gorozaemon, and with deep emotion, on the graceful figure of Chancellor Izumori, who is watching over from the horse, the horses are lined up and guarded. The late-night snow fell on the bangs of the beautiful Kosho uneme, which I was talking about.



Bottom book: "Right Gate Catchbook (2)" Shunyo Bunko, Shunyodou Bookstore
September 15, 1982 (Showa 57) Newly refurbished first print issued
* Clerical errors have been corrected in contrast to Shincho Bunko, "Right Gate Catchbook, Volume 2".
Input: tatsuki
Proofreading: Kazuko Hayashi
Published April 20, 2000
Revised September 20, 2005
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
