Daibosatsu Pass
Sadamon 3rd grade volume
Kaizan Nakazato
-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]
"":ruby
(Example) Printed
｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) 56 horses | 轡 "Kutsuwa"
[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Numbers are JIS X 0213 area area number or Unicode, base page and number of lines)
(Example) * [# "Tehen + Do", 4th level 2-13-41]
-------------------------------------------------- -----
[# 9 indentation] 1 [# "1" is the middle heading]
Uji Yamada's Yonetomo has dreamed every day since then. That dream is the dream of Fudo Myoo, as I always printed. Dreams and newspapers have a place where you can show strange things every day, but you must be surprised to see the same dreams every night like Yonetomo.
Every time I woke up from a dream, my friend's surprised face, Kao, was like a stamp. Yonetomo finally got tired of it and removed the image of Fudo Myoo that was hanging between the floors. Because of this image, I can show my dreams. I thought that without the image, my dreams would disappear, so I took it off that night and rolled it up between the floors, but in the same way, the statue of Fudo Myo Appeared in a dream. Yonetomo has just put out this image with the intention of touching it and moving it away.
Today, instead of taking out the usual hand spear, I carried a fairly large image of Fudoson and crossed the Ryogoku Bridge as usual. Therefore, Yonetomo thinks that it is an Fudoson even if it is discarded, and it is a statue of Fudo Myo, whether it is thankful or not. You can't just throw it into the garbage. You can't just go out into the middle of the road. Also, Yonetomo doesn't have the wisdom to sell it to a garbage picker. Yonetomo doesn't have the wisdom to sell it off and turn it into his own purse. His conscience does not allow him to come out. In this case, if a pious devotee of Fudoson appears, begs for this image from the hands of a US friend, and a person who worships the worship comes out, the US friend will not reach a consensus and will hand over the image It seems that it was, but unfortunately I can't get the person. Although he has carried Fudoson with great effort, in fact, Yonetomo is wondering how to handle this. In this respect, it seems that Yajirobei and Kitahachi, who once went to Kyoto to play, bought a ladder and carried around the town of Kyoto, and Yonetomo's is more thankful than the ladder. Because it is immovable, it is even more difficult to dispose of it.
Yonetomo, who doesn't care much about other things, is seriously struggling when it comes to this. I once carried two or three ri with me, wondering how to dispose of the clogs with a broken nose at Soderizaka in Koshu. Now, unlike the clogs, it is the statue of Fudo Myoo, so although he carried it out, the pain in his heart is not easy.
So, when I came to Ryogoku Bridge, I came up with the idea that it would be better to throw it into the river from here. Throwing things from Ryogoku Bridge is not unheard of for Yonetomo. First, I pulled out the sticker with the Tenchu-gumi sticker and sneaked it into this river. Secondly, I was insulted by Kinsuke, and when I was angry, I put on my head and squeezed Kinsuke into the middle of Okawa.
Therefore, it seems that Yonetomo thought about digging Fudo Myoo into the river from here. So Yonetomo took the terrifying image off his shoulder and looked around the bridge. Unfortunately, there are quite a lot of people coming and going. It's a strange look, and it's touching to see the behavior of Yonetomo as a jirojiro. I must not be reluctant to steal myself. It's a shame that I can't beat him in a straightforward manner, like when I threw a bill in front of me, and when I threw in Kinsuke. So, Yonetomo was reluctant to carry out the good idea, so he re-carried the image of Fudoson, who had once taken it off his shoulder, and made a very moody complexion.
"Che"
It seemed that he was struck by his tongue and was impatient, so he crossed the Ryogoku Bridge again.
When he did something, he would simply beat him up, but if that straightforwardness came off, he would end up stumbling. Once you fail to throw it into the river, it's no good. What cannot be thrown into the Okawa cannot be thrown into the Kanda River. What cannot be thrown into the Okawa or Kanda rivers cannot be thrown into moats and ditches. Yonetomo was pondering and carried Fudoson, and walked without walking anywhere.
However, it is pitiful that no matter how much you walk, you will not get the best wisdom. Whether it's good to leave it to someone, it's not unthinkable over and over again. However, when this happens, I'm worried about where I'm depositing, and I'm also worried about depositing. For example, if you ask Mr. Doan or someone like the speech of a blind lawyer to confide the circumstances, you can say no, but in the weather of Yonetomo, it is awkward to ask. It's not uncommon for me to be scared of this wide image and seem to run away and hide. That is why Yonetomo is not willing to seek an appropriate counselor. If you don't get rid of your own heart, you can't seem to be a man. Therefore, even if I bite into the soil, I am walking in agony, trying to get rid of this image by myself.
However, Fudo-sama appears in front of the eyes of Yonetomo, who is so annoyed. Until now, Fudo-sama, who appeared only in dreams, was in agony when he was in agony, and he turned his scary side and found him, so he was impatient. It's just. On the contrary, there is a grudge against a man named Fudoson, and he follows me in this way. Until now, Yonetomo doesn't remember doing anything that would make him immovable. Yonetomo is angry when he doesn't understand the way he sees Fudo-sama, who becomes a dream, flutters in his eyes, and afflicts me so far.
Although the appearance of Yonetomo was quite strange, it seems that he couldn't compete with Fudo-sama. It's a pity that I'll be shrugged by the immobility. If it is true, that's fine, but as long as the image is wrapped around in this way, even if you ask where the world is, you will see something like Fudo. I'm angry and angry when I'm glared at night and day, and I can't get rid of my glares. I'm angry, but I'm closed if I don't have a fighting partner. The other party is this image, but since I'm worried about how to dispose of this image, I can't help it.
Before I knew it, Yonetomo passed the street on the bank of Yanagihara, and when he came to Kagahara, a person like Ashigaru gathered dust and burned it in the middle of Kagahara. .. Perhaps it is the empty bales of rice that the poor group has thrown away, or the kind of straw mats or straw mats. Yonetomo, who was standing still and watching it, came up with another thought.
"Yes, if you bake it, you will lose both the original and the child."
Therefore, it seems that he was pleased with this good idea by shaking himself with Buru Buru. However, instead of trying to bake here, I want to choose an appropriate place and bake it quietly. I felt that way, so I started walking in a hurry.
Even if it was a little far away, I would like to calmly burn Fudo-sama in a place where no one has left the town of Edo. With that in mind, Yonetomo climbed up the Shohei Bridge, dragging his feet, though he was a lame person.
Yonetomo, who left it to his feet, went out to a spacious field some time later. It is the source of Yoyogi. Yonetomo didn't know Yoyogi no Hara and thought it would be nice to be here. Then, the image of Fudoson is hung on a tree branch, and then divided into the forests on all four sides, and the fallen leaves of cedar and the dead branches of the miscellaneous tree are actively scratched. 》 We gathered together and built a mountain. Well, I thought the time was good, but if I didn't notice it, I couldn't help it, and Yonetomo didn't have a fire tool. This person doesn't smoke, so he can't always carry a flint. It's easy to think of such a thing on the way, but it's horrifying that I didn't notice it until I got to this place. Yonetomo thought that he was itchy and stepped on Jidan Da, as he did something crazy like catching a thief and snarling a rope.
When I looked around the four sides, the area around Yoyogi at that time was the same for Miyama Yuya. You can't just catch a traveler and rent a fire, and you have to go to the nearest farmer's house and take care of your flint.
Yonetomo left Yoyogihara without any scrutiny. Looking at the outskirts of the forest, we could see the mountains around Tanzawa and Chichibu because the weather was nice, and the mountains of Fuji were clearly visible. When I touched the wide open fields and the scenery of the high mountains that I hadn't seen in a long time, I felt good that my chest opened. When you leave the field, there is a radish field, and beyond that there is a hedge, where you can hear the sound of a shadoof. Yonetomo is a farmer when he goes through the road in the field. I stood at the gate of the peasant family, but I was confused by the grouper as to what to say about borrowing the fire. It can't be called a cigarette fire, and it can't be said that it burns Fudo-sama. I was squeezed to borrow the fire, and stood at the gate of the peasant family in the sky. Then, from the kitchen of the peasant family, with a loud voice and flapping wings, a big chicken popped out and was confused and tried to get on the head of Yonetomo. As expected, Yonetomo was also taken aback by this, and when the chicken was dispelled, a small dog popped out after that and barked frequently at Yonetomo.
Yonetomo thought that such a thing would not work. If a chicken makes a fool of you or a dog barks from a place you haven't asked for yet, I thought that if you asked for it, you would eat a sword stab, or else you would be treated as a thief. Yonetomo is the one who returned to the field road again with Sugosugo as it is. It can't be helped, I thought that there was no choice but to go to a certain place in the town, pay money, and buy a flint tool even if it was a little far away.
When Yonetomo turned back on the field road, a peasant was talking to a child on the shore of the field.
"Look at this, Sakuju, someone went to the middle of the tree mountain of Haru, leaving such a hanging, maybe a thief."
"Grandfather, that's what I wrote."
The old man of the peasant 《Oyaji》 and the child were trying to open the kakemono, so Yonetomo changed the color of his eyes and snatched up and snatched it from the side.
"I'm immovable."
The peasant parent and child rounded their eyes.
Yonetomo, who failed to put it in water and failed to burn it again, left the forest of Yoyogi with the statue of Fudoson.
Along the way, Yonetomo was still thinking about how to dispose of this image frequently. The last thing I came up with was a much more moderate way than before. It's a shame to ask an individual, but if you put it in the appropriate Domiya, there will be no complaints. Since each of the gods and Buddha has its own share in Domiya, it is not possible to ask Fudo-sama for the permission of Enma-sama. I thought that Fudo-sama was limited to Fudodo. So, if you tell the priest or the guardian about the situation and pay it, you can't say that you don't like it. Speaking of unpleasantness, I decided to rush in and run away, and when I finally went out to a busy place, I asked people if there was an appropriate Fudodo in this area. That person often told me where the Naritasan branch office in Shimosa is located in Gofu. However, Yonetomo doesn't want to bring it back to the city of Edo, so when he asks if there is an appropriate Fudo-sama in the countryside near Edo, it is also Fudo-sama of Takigawa and Fudo of Meguro. It was a reply that it would be like.
When I asked which of the two Fudo-sama was closer, Meguro was much closer from here, so Yonetomo said that it was okay, so I often tried to make Meguro Fudo-sama in that direction. I listened and turned my foot to it.
When Yonetomo came to Meguro Fudo's precincts 《Keidai》 with an image of Fudoson, it seemed to be very lively, a festival or a fair. Yonetomo, thinking that it was so lively and uncomfortable, went into the crowd and found "Tomi" in this garden that day.
Although the idea of ​​"wealth" had not yet been firmly established for Yonetomo, he entered the Fudaba and looked at the situation behind the people.
When the caretaker sticks out the main card "Motofuda" from the box and reads the number, everyone compares the shadow cards they have with them, and the ones that hit are happy and the ones that don't hit. Has a peculiar side. The winning numbers were written on paper and pasted on the pillars on the other side. Because it is so popular, even American friends who have no interest in the bills have become interesting and often watched the economy of the wealthy bills.
While looking at it for fun, Ichitomi 73rd bill fell. It was a young man named Heikichi, a joinery shop in Shinagawa-juku, who was pleased to jump up, and when it came to Heikichi's hands, he was happy and everyone seemed to envy him. It looked like. Mr. Taira received the hundred cars in exchange for the bill, and when he went out to the place, a person who knew Heikichi said that it was dangerous, and that he would not be able to return with that. I don't think it's a good luck to hide. Also, I wasn't worried that I would be attached to a thief or oihagi on my way home. I don't know if it will end up. It seems to be the one that is hungry for it.
Kana, who can do it, was happy that he had won a hundred wealths, and pulled his friend in the dark and went up to the corner shop and started to have a good economy.
This is not so good for Mr. Taira. In such a case, no matter what you put, it's not true unless you go home once, show the hundred cars in front of your wife and make them happy, and then invite your neighbors to have a drink. When I was happy, it was hard to think about it, so I decided to open the 100-car seal and splurge.
Then, everyone would like to cheer on Mr. Taira, and the maid of the store and even strangers would like to have a drink, so he can not refuse. Then, while I was swallowing it, I couldn't feel my stomach. In any case, it is unavoidable that not only Mr. Taira but also the swords will loosen when they are worshiped as if the god of good fortune was born again to the place where the money is unreliable.
At this time, the important thing came up because there was a long-distance ride of a samurai who passed by side by side with 56 horses ｜ 轡 《Kutsuwa》. All of them have the proper status, are elderly, and seem to have a non-trivial role. It was a long-distance ride of the body of Shinobi, without intentionally tying many toys, but one of them had a strong servant spear.
The spear is a nine-shaku pattern cross. Just as it passed under this shop, unfortunately it fluttered down from the top of the second floor and was caught in the scabbard of this cross-shaped spear by the cigarette string of the chain string. There is. Netsuke and Kamasu [# "Kamasu" as an emphasis mark] were supported by the scabbard of Jumonji, so I was caught in the right scabbard, but because it was an important spear, The spear-bearing guy "Yakko" was called "Katsu". The samurai on horseback, who saw the spear-bearing guy and his face, passed by with an indescribable unpleasant color as Mu [# "mu" as an emphasis mark], but only this spear-bearing guy has roots. It doesn't move standing there as if it had grown.
The spear-bearer who stood up in the standing of the spear did not try to take the cigarette that was caught in the spear's scabbard, but instead thrust it into the ground, steaming from his head and staring up the second floor of this house. I am.
This shop, which was noisy for a while, became quiet as if it had hit the water at that time. All the shop staff turned the surface blue. People coming and going have also stopped walking.
It was Mr. Taira who rolled out of the store there. Actually, it would have been better if Mr. Taira himself didn't jump out, but this man was also an honest man and a hurried person, so when the shop staff said something, he hurriedly jumped out here. It is a thing.
Then, when I made an excuse by cutting the dogeza in front of the spear mochi, the spear mochi made a cracking voice of thunder 《Kaminari》.
"Is this Kanbukuro [#" Kanbukuro "emphasis mark] a mess?"
Heikichi shrank,
"Yes, yes, in the foreground."
"If you're mine, take it with you."
"Yes Yes"
"Take it fast, why, why do you want to put out your hand, go up to this spear and take it with your own hands?"
While telling you to take it, the spear is still sticking out there.
At this time, the fellow Samurai who were attached to the previous 56 samurai, 《Chugen》, took back almost all of them and surrounded Zurari and Heikichi.
When a US friend who had been rubbed by a person listened with or without hearing, the point of the case is as follows.
A joinery shop called Heikichi in Shinagawa-juku, which has a wealth of 100 cars, happily invited people close to him and drank on the second floor of the corner shop. When I became rich, I said that I shouldn't let such a cheesy cigarette enter, and I was jokingly imitating the traffic, but I was seriously wondering what happened to him. I jumped out from the second floor to the traffic. I was unlucky when I jumped out of the cigarette and got entangled in the scabbard of the cross-shaped spear that passed by. That's the point of the case. That's all there is to it, but because the person who got entangled in the cigarette was bad, I ended up having to get rid of it at all.
"I'm sorry, I'm sorry, Mr. Taira has been pulled into the garden of Suzuki. There are many people who have a lot of experience in Asuko, and they're going to take a rest with a small deed. It seems that both the person and the Yoriki are the ones who have the power to drop flying birds. Because Mr. Taira's cigarette is attached to the spear, it can not be settled. He said that he would be killed by that spear, and that the lord with that spear would stab him and then the five lords would try and slash him later. I wasn't saved anymore, after all, because there is a history of dropping flying birds, there must be something that no one can say. 》 Because, I'll pull it back. Oh, I'm sorry for Mr. Taira, I'm sorry for Mr. Taira, I should have taken him home early if this was the case, but it was bad to drink it here. Taira-san, don't be angry with your friends, you can't be angry at all because your friends aren't worthy, but even if it's a disaster, the disaster is too big. Mr. Taira has a wife and up to two children, and she is looking forward to today's wealth. However, as long as I could hit it, I would do it to my child, and I would do it like this. That said, why should I have a face that suits my mom, Kim, with you, I cried to my mom, saying that if you take me home early, this won't happen. If you do, I'll make an excuse. I've made him so bad because my friend isn't worth it, everyone, I'm sorry for him, I'm sorry for him's mom, somehow Please
It is one of the friends who came to today's wealth with Heikichi from the same Shinagawa who is crying. Perhaps this man was the one who slipped the cigarette in his hand. A good man cries without letting go, but only in this case is sympathy, and most of them want to cry. However, even if I say this and get tired of crying, I can't say who or why.
It was at this time that Uji Yamada's Yonetomo began to growl.
It wasn't long before Yonetomo was wandering around in the bamboo bush behind Suzuki's house.
I don't know if Yonetomo intends to rescue him from being told that he will not be able to apologize even if he goes to Shoya or troubles the chief priest of Ryusenji. ..
The image of Fudoson in the example was inserted into the waist as if it were a sword, and then climbed up to a large tree in the bush. Looking down from the top of the big tree, it seems that you can pick up from the garden of Suzuki's house to the open floor plan.
The garden was unexpectedly quiet, but it seems that the person named Heikichi, a joinery shop, is tied behind the maple tree in one corner. On the tatami room, many long-distance riders seem to be in the middle of a meal, and no one looks after Heikichi. If you can't see the spear-bearing guy, Yakko, then none of your friends are in charge. If you tie it to the root of the tree, you don't have to dare to attach a guard, but what you carelessly is the spear with the nine-shaku pattern of the cross character in question. Such an important spear is only leaning from the side against the maple tree here in the random work "Muzousa". Yonetomo, who looked down at the body of the thing from the top of the big tree, saw the spear with a nine-shaku pattern of ten characters leaning against the random work, and he felt unevenness and mischief.
I thought that the center of the problem was not that man, but that spear. The entwined string of cigarette riddles isn't the number of things, of course, but the spear is certainly the table tool of those guys. In this case, it's not easy to jump in and help the man, but I realized that it wasn't a big deal to pick up the spear. That's why. To do that, all you have to do is jump from here to the roof of the storeroom, cross the eaves of the main building, crawl there, and reach out, and you can easily wind the spear. When I realized that I could raise it, it was interesting and interesting, and I couldn't stand it because it seemed that the spear was beckoning my friend. Very lightly, Yonetomo jumped from the top of a big tree to the roof of the storeroom.
As soon as I jumped down, I shook the belt, turned the image of Fudoson on my back around my back, and ran slurping as it was, and went out to the eaves of the main building. In the garden, a rooster is just looking at the behavior of Yonetomo, leaning his neck and looking unusual.
There, Yonetomo crawls on the eaves and looks down, and it seems that the people who have finished eating are constantly rumored to be Hiyokuzuka. It's a pity that Heikichi, who is being swayed, looks like a dead man and is sobbing.
Yonetomo reached out his right hand and pulled up the spear that leaned against Kaede. Even Heikichi, who was tied to the root of the same tree, didn't even know it, so no one noticed it. However, the Brindle cat walking on the roof suddenly aligned his legs, raised his spine, and showed a menacing posture when he saw this body, which only made Yonetomo laugh. It was a thing.
In the face of finishing, Yonetomo squeezed the spear into his armpit, and then returned to the former storeroom, where he traveled down the fence and went out of the roof. I did.
Not long after that, in the event of an emergency, there was no spear leaning against the maple tree. The spear-bearing guy turned blue, and no one asked him to get the point. Heikichi cannot be known whether he is hit or hit. If it was missing, it was stolen. It was a little more painful to be stolen than to be entangled in a cigarette. I don't know if it's a magistrate or a Yoriki, but if it's stolen in front of the eyes of 56 horsemen, it's finally painful.
Thus, inside and outside Suzuki's house, there was one report from the outside at the time when it turned blue and made noise due to the loss of the spear.
In the immovable precincts 《Keidai》, an unfamiliar little man is constantly using a cross-shaped spear as a toy. The report of using a spear as a toy is uneasy news. Those who searched inside and outside of Suzuki's house jumped out to us, saying Sole.
Before this, Yonetomo of Uji Yamada, who had loaded the spear, took it back into the crowd of immovable precincts, though I don't know what it was. The cross-shaped spear is on the shoulder, but the immovable image is Mr. Toba [# "emphasis mark" on the waist].
On the contrary, Yonetomo himself does not understand how to understand Yonetomo at this time. There are so many signs of change in the world and around American friends these days, so this impatient honest person is a little ｜ selfish, if not mentally abnormal. It may be. Although there are many directions in which the spear is carried out and hidden from the public, it is not so easy to walk leisurely without paying attention to the attention of many people by returning it to the immovable precincts where there are many people. It's common sense.
"Hey, wait for the little boy!"
The spear-bearer "Yarimochi Yako" and other friends, and then the owner and hire of Suzuki's house, came together, and when they came to the front of Sanbutsudo, Yoneto heard the voice. , I looked back with a spear.
Wow, what! I thought that not all of them knew what was going on.
 have been waiting! Not to mention, Uji Yamada's Yonetomo thrust a nine-shaku-patterned cross-shaped spear into the ground and shook it in front of the Sanbutsudo. When I looked at that body, the spear-bearing guy's tantrum burst at one time,
"Bad, where did you get that spear?"
"I brought it from Suzukinchi's garden."
Yonetomo is not surprised.
"Bad, who did you bring it to?"
"I brought it to the cat on the roof and the chicken in the yard."
"Baby, bastard"
The spear-bearing guy clasped his fist from both sides.
"What is a bastard"
Yonetomo stepped on both short legs moderately.
"Crouch down"
The spear-bearing guy tried to kick Yonetomo [# "Keshi" as an emphasis mark],
"No!"
The body was rebelled, and the spear mochi that came in was pushed to the side with the left hand. There, the spear-bearing guy ate the momentum and rolled around to the right of the fragile spider, and I was surprised at what he was seeing.
"Oh"
When the viewer changed the color of the face, Uji Yamada's Yonetomo stepped on the groundwork and
"Just don't do it, if you want this spear, don't bring a replacement."
Yonetomo jumped up in front of the edge of Sanbutsudo.
Surprisingly, the scabbard of the cross-shaped spear was paid off immediately. There is no room for mistake because it wasn't that the scabbard was removed by a scabbard, but because Yonetomo himself knew and paid the scabbard and then carefully put the scabbard in his pocket. The contents of the spear are, as expected, a well-maintained and clear work of a long sword with a long sword of 5 inches and a horizontal hand of 4 inches.
I thought this was crazy for everyone. The madness swept the spear's scabbard, and if I approached it anyway, I was ready to poke it, so even if I didn't know it, I couldn't approach it carelessly.
Even if it's a mustard, it's strange that the posture of the spear held in a sword can't find a chance to hit it unreasonably, judging from the current early work of taking the spear-bearing guy and throwing it. It's strange. Speaking of swordsman, it is a swordsman.
Uji Yamada's Yonetomo's attitude now was in the form of "Omidare", perhaps because he had no heart. This is because when dealing with a large number of swords, the person with a cross-shaped spear prefers to use it in a loose posture, and Yonetomo is just looking a little further at holding the spear in the middle. Is different. If you use it enough in this posture, you will be able to stand up on the left and right. You can keep away from approaching. You can also use it in the same way as using the Naginata to repel and push enemies to the left and right. You can also blame the three steps of the face, arms, and knees without any gaps to bother the enemy. It is also possible to take a sword and stick out the one that is approaching to the upper stage, and take it to the side rack. Yonetomo may not be using the Hozoin-style turbulence pattern with all his heart, but I can't argue that his attitude is naturally that way. The undisputed proof is that there are those who sneak back, but no one who tries to go to the tip of the spear of a US friend.
Because it is not the pretense of Yonetomo himself that he is taking a turbulence, it is of course << of course >> that even standing people cannot receive it in this ceremony. However, its unrivaled behavior, rather than its unrivaled "Seikanmuhi", shook everyone's daring "Aragimo". It seems that the sagacity of not inadvertently approaching a mad knife seems to have left behind Tajitaji and even the daredevil.
Actually, since I left Ryunosuke again, Yonetomo, who has been dreaming of immovable dreams, has not been crazy, but his psychological effect has been abnormally impatient. When I heard about the disaster of Heikichi, a joinery shop, the fact that the short temper of the example including a kind of indignation was uneven and moe was a cute place for this man, and it is always because of that. I'm not profitable. Every time I do something like walking a tightrope of life, fortunately, I'm only alive in a dangerous place, but even so, it's too unreasonable today.
If the people around me rushed in, I don't know if I was going to push them in all directions. I don't know if I'm going to do the second dance that I did against Kawagoe people in Tsurukawa on the way to Koshu someday. Fortunately at that time, an unexpected arbitrator named Notomori Komai came out and had his head shaved, but today that story is not enough. It seems unlikely that an arbitrator who knows something like Noto Mamoru will come out, but if even one person is injured, this time over the river in the mountains of Koshu. The other party is different from the human foot, and it becomes very troublesome. On top of that, no matter how much Yonetomo tried to get rough again, Heikichi, a joinery shop tied to a maple tree, should not be forgiven. On the contrary, the more rough the rice friend is, the heavier the sin of Heikichi will be. Therefore, it is completely unreasonable for Yonetomo to come up with power here. It may make sense as an indignation, but as a behavior of a priest, it is completely smashing.
"Everyone listen, I don't know that I'm Heikichi in Shinagawa-juku, I didn't know that I got caught in a cigarette, but I didn't know that, but because I touched the sickle so much, the weather was over. I wanted to bring out this spear, because it's a spear with a nine-shaku pattern from Kamahozoin, I wanted to use it to my heart's content today because of the insects, I'll return it if I use it. Please lend me
It seems that the eyes that made me feel like that were sickening today, probably because of my mind.
For some reason, Uji Yamada's Yonetomo raised a nine-shaku-patterned cross-shaped spear high in the air. While falling to the bottom, hit one clapping hand and catch it with that hand, then grab the area around the water return with your right hand and turn the cross into a paddle steamer. With my body as a mandrel, I started spinning like a top. This is a hand that is not found in the 73 Kamahozoin style hands. When I piled it up, the spear was 9 shaku, the length of Yonetomo's hand was 1 shaku and 5 shaku, and a large top with a diameter of 2 shaku and 1 shaku began to rotate. Moreover, the outer ring of the top is a sickle, so if you hit it, your meat and bones will be cut.
It is no wonder that the viewer cooled his liver and retreated. A perfume maker who sells toothpaste at fairs, in order to do his predecessor, pulls a line to the ground to keep the sights away, but here, Shinso, who has a scabbard. So, since I started to sneak around randomly, the violence is exceptional.
Yonetomo, who had chased away the sights in this way, started running from one corner to the other in a straight line.
I was surprised at this, but the way of running is unusual. It's like a bird spreading its wings and flying low. There was a fairly wide swamp in front of me, and I was flying over the swamp in a single letter, but when I arrived at the shore, it was a way of flying with a relaxed spirit with my wings and wings. This is exactly the type of "Hiran" in Kamahozoin.
One of the sights is ah! When he jumped away, Yonetomo of Uji Yamada turned his back on Kururi and ran straight ahead again. Before, it was like a bird flying in the air, but this time it is like a beast's progress, sinking its shape into the lower tier and running with a spear in a shaku. ..
So one of the sights splattered again, but Yonetomo quickly turned back, stood up to his place, held the spear in the middle, and thought he had pushed it forward, and turned the handle back. [ It was shaped like a hit with # "emphasis mark". I used the nine-shaku cross character for both, as if I was driving from the left and from the right, just like using a stick and a spear together.
After that, only the longsword of Jumonjimachi was allowed to play, and only the sickle of Yokote was dancing like a fluttering and butterfly. When I thought about holding the Jumonji in the opposite hand and trying to push it down from above, it changed to jumping up and hitting a flying bird. Not only do you use the tip of the spear in three different ways and the handle of the spear in two ways, but you can also see if you turn the tip of the spear and poke it in a unique way. The shape of the waterfall is decided.
In this way, Uji Yamada's Yonetomo is using a nine-shaku pattern of Jumonji as a toy by himself. It's not a toy, but it's only visible to the onlookers. However, the skill and lightness of handling the toys was extremely skillful, and the handling was so intoxicating that even the innocent looking sights were intoxicated.
Whether it's abandonment or madness, I can't help but think that this is an interesting sight. It's funny to be funny, but it's also dangerous to be dangerous. So I can't get close to it inadvertently. Even the angry and angry Shirous can't even find a chance to get closer to Yonetomo. If the spear that I'm using alone is near me, I'm sure I'll say something. Speaking of things, I'm sure I'll be stabbed by Dengaku. I thought it was an unexpected madness. No one has yet realized that Yoneto really knows the spear. It's a pity that no one can see the mysterious place where the real and the anomalous roll out everywhere in the Yonetomo style from between the spears that are swinging around in desperation. Not only is it a pity, but at this time, a mud straw shoe came down from nowhere, hoping for the face of a friend of mine. I sank and avoided the mud straw shoes, but with that as a signal, stones, trees, and pieces of bamboo came down with rain hail.
At that point, Yonetomo flew sideways, and when he thought he had jumped over the edge of Sanbutsudo, he pushed the door to hide inside the hall, and quickly closed the door from the inside to open the door. I tightened it.
So, the spear-bearer and his friends rushed to the front of the door, but now, I have to hesitate to break through it and take a step into the hall. It will not be. At the end of the step, I must think that it is a promise to be stabbed by Dengaku because of the madness that awaits me inside. The other crowds are just wandering around the Sanbutsudo and waiwai.
Slightly, Uji Yamada's Yonetomo, who appeared from the high Ranma room, looked down at the crowd and said:
"I'm Uji Yamada's Yonetomo, and I was born in the village of Wada in Ise, but for some reason I came out when I came to Edo, but even when I came to Edo, I couldn't get stuck. Perhaps because of the weather, I can't help feeling annoyed these days, and whether I turn to the right or to the left, it's a world that touches the spear. I thought that things were made to touch the spear these days, so I think it's better to die, I'm sorry for my life, I don't think there's anything undeveloped in this world. However, I'm short-tempered, and when I don't like it, I don't want to hate my life, I don't have parents and siblings, I don't have a wife or children, so it's a life that doesn't matter. It's a good thing, but it's also nice to fly to the river or spear your neck, it's just the right place, instead of the young joinery shop I thought I'd do it, and started doing this kind of mischief. I heard that the young man has a mother and a child, so as I say now, there is no such troublesome person. Hey, you're a life-saver, so don't you take the place of me, that is, untie the spear of that joinery shop, and instead tie me up and help that young man, I'll return this spear obediently, if I don't understand it, it's a cage in this hall for the time being. It's a matter of making a hole and taking him to Meido, I'll say no, but even if it looks like this, I can only use the spear for one person, the viewer sees it. As you can see, my spear is naturally acquainted with nature, and I'm polishing the lower reaches of the tree. In my body, the spear between two and three is not suitable for the handle, and even the nine-shoulder spear is a little too long, but apparently this spear can't be used, I'm seriously rough with this spear. On the day when the spear begins, there will be a lot of dead and injured people, which is dangerous, but I can't do it, and I'm quietly hiding in this hall, so I'm sure someone Forgive the witnesses for the young joinery shop in front of me, and I'll return this spear properly and I'll take my place. I can't say that I'm short of it, whether I'm in prison or I'm struck by my neck when I'm looking at it. By the way, please add Takuan to the rice cake "Musubi" and insert three or four. "
The listener was invincible, but he was disappointed. Even though I'm amazed, it's not unreasonable to ask. In particular, I thought it was a good order for insects to insert the rice cake "Musubi" at the end. However, some people sympathized that it was a reasonable order because they would be hungry.
It is fortunate that this case finally came to a solution by bothering the Hojo of Mt. Taiei.
It seems that the spear lord doesn't like things like this. Under the conditions that Yonetomo says, instead of forgiving Heikichi, a joinery shop, Yonetomo will be tied up. The witness is Mt. Taiei. The Jumonji spear was returned to the original lord, and Yonetomo was hung with a rope and deposited at the lord's house.
With that, we were able to resolve this case for the time being, but if there were any difficulties after that, then the difficulties should come to the body of Yonetomo. However, that can be managed by handling Mt. Taiei.
[# 9 indentation] Two [# "two" is the middle heading]
"Nani, Yamazaki in Mito? Did Yamazaki come here?"
As expected, Nanjo Riki was also something of a stupid face.
"Since then, I've been coming and going in front of the mansion."
"Well, I can't help not seeing what I visited, please guide me here."
Omatsu who stood in the guide tried to take it back to the entrance again, Nanjo stopped the pine and
"Omatsu, wait a minute, the man named Yamazaki asked Jika directly by saying my name, or first he came by saying the name of another person. Isn't it? "
"No, I didn't say anyone else's name, I said I would like to see Mr. Nanjo."
"Well, that's okay, I can't say that I visited Utsugi Hyoma even if I made a mistake."
"You didn't say anything like the left."
"Well, wait a little longer, the man I'm visiting now, Yuzuru Yamazaki, is a man who shouldn't meet Utsuki Hyoma, a bad guy to let him know that he's in this house, the other person After all, don't name the soldiers. Then you have to clean up the soldiers' room so that Yamazaki can't see inside. Please keep it. "
Nanjo purposely stopped the standing pine tree and gave this much attention.
Yamazaki was eventually informed, and when he entered Nanjo's room, he entered.
"When is it rude?"
I said hello.
"That clause is rude"
Nanjo also said the same thing and thanked him.
It seems that these two people have already met for the first time somewhere. Perhaps it must be seen that there was an opportunity to see each other in that area after entering the castle of Kofu, one after another from the Chusen-do line.
"When did Nanjo-den come here?"
"Soon after that, Mr. Left, I came here."
"Hah, I'm sorry for the left."
"And Yamazaki-kun, you are"
"I just came out a few days ago."
"Would you like to go to the left? Then, will you come here for the time being, or will you return to Koshu muscle again?"
"I was planning to go back to Kofu and then go up to Kamigata, but when I came to Edo, there were a lot of mischievous people in Edo, so I decided not to go home for the time being. "
"Hahaha, no matter where you go, there are a lot of mischievous people in this section."
"As you say. The prankster above plays a prank in front of the yard of the forbidden court, the prankster in Edo pokes at the shogun's knees and plays around, and there is a prank on him, and he wants a neck like me. It's not something I've done at all because there's a prank guy. "
Yamazaki said this and stroked his neck, and Nanjo made a face that he couldn't pull out.
"Actually, it's not dangerous"
said.
"Don't worry, the shogunate is away in Edo now, and the guards at his knees are loose, and the bad guys [#" tachi "are on the sidelines] are fooling around."
"It's a very well-known wanderer's work, so it's not a big deal."
"However, the thing is surprisingly serious, and behind the wanderer is a huge cock that is not easy, and if you cut off the root, the leaves will not die. How about Nanjo? You want to dig up one of those big cocks, but can you help me? "
"If it helps me, it's not a big deal, but who is that big cock?"
"It's nesting around Shikoku, Sanda."
"So that's it"
"In other words, the head of the mischievous person is Satsuma, and the one called Satsuma is really an unscrupulous" Furachi Senban >>. I want to burn it. "
"So that's it"
Nanjo made a strange laugh, saying that.
"If you don't dig up Satsuma and eat it by fluffing [#" fluffy ") or baking it, the city of Edo will not be in town."
When Yamazaki said that he was about to eat the freshly fluffy potatoes [# "Fuka"], Nanjo had an ironic side.
"However, because it is a Satsuma potato with 700,000 stones, it eats a lot even if it is fluffy [#" Fuka "is an emphasis mark] or baked. First of all, there are probably vines all over the place, so just digging up is a daunting task. "
"Our work is to just pick up the vines, and when you try to pull them out, it's strange because the vines are spread in unexpected places, even around Aioi-cho, the main office. Because the potato vines are growing. "
Yamazaki re-scratched the crossed legs, hung the cigarette tray, and brought it to the tip of his nose.
There was a footstep of a person crossing the corridor where the story was a little interrupted. When the footsteps stop in front of Nanjo's living room,
"Nanjo-den, would you like to come and visit us?"
The shoji was pushed open.
"Ah……"
That's why Nanjo was a little rushed. The person who pushed the shoji open was also annoyed, did not enter, did not leave casually,
"Isn't it a visitor? Excuse me."
The person tried to re-tighten the shoji and leave, but I can't help but forgo the face with the customer.
"Oh……"
With that voice, I slammed the shoji and left the place in a hurry, as if I had seen something that I couldn't see. Unfortunately, it was Utsugi Hyoma who came here. Yuzuru Yamazaki heads for Nanjo
"Nanjo, do you know now?"
"Um, I know"
Yamazaki heard Nanjo's response at this time,
"Nanjo-kun, you, you must not entice the boy."
Saying this, I settled in a very cold manner.
"What does that mean?"
Nanjo also seems to be blurred. Yamazaki laughed with a smile.
"Human people in Kyushu have a habit of loving boys more than women, you are also Kyushu."
"Other than that, the proof that I'm not a Kyushu person can be understood by listening to my sound, I don't know about women and boys."
"Haha"
Yamazaki had inadvertently overheard Nanjo's excuse with his thoughtful body, but he also hung the cigarette tray to the tip of his nose and lit a cigarette. It seems to be a habit of this man to hang the cigarette basin up to the tip of his nose every time he ignites it, instead of bending over and igniting the cigarette basin.
Nanjo looked like a rushing body, but Yamazaki calmed down rather, and after blowing a cigarette,
"It doesn't matter, but Nanjo-den, that boy now is a boy who seems to be a little interesting."
"Yamazaki-kun, do you know at first glance whether there is something to see?"
"Understand"
While saying that, Yuzuru Yamazaki fluttered the husk and hung it up to the tip of his nose again with a cigarette tray.
Nanjo Riki turned to the side, looking at the landscape painting on the wall, and stroking his beard steadily. Yamazaki smokes, but Nanjo doesn't smoke.
"I mean……"
Yamazaki took a cup of cigarettes and then took tea and drank it.
In this way, Utsuki Hyoma, who left to escape the corridor, came and stood in front of the pine room at the time when the two of them tried to continue the talks as if they had something stuck in their back teeth. I didn't mean to stop by here, but it seems that I have to come here.
Yuzuru Yamazaki, who left the old woman's house in Aioi-cho, crossed the Ryogoku Bridge, crossed his arms, made a self-reliant point, and looked back at Aioi-cho.
"Oh, I read everything, Nanjo's guy tempted Utsuki soldiers to do it, I thought it wasn't a good way to slash [#" Yani "as an emphasis mark], though it was reasonably small. However, it is surprising that Utsugi was in Asuko, but I do not know that the teacher was asked by Nanjo to slash me, who is not a stranger. Both Utsugi and I are in Mibu. I don't know if I'm the one who ate a pot of rice, or what's wrong with pointing the blade at me. That teacher, if you were told by Nanjo to betray us, you should hate it, you're a cheeky guy, you can't mess with it, but you make us an enemy. It shouldn't be as resentful as it is, and I know that it will be a loss if I make it an enemy, what do you mean, whether I should meet one and ask a question, depending on the reply, I will leave it as it is, although it is pitiful. However, his arm is regrettable. Rather, let's scratch the back and use this in reverse to explore the movements of that gang. That would be good. Well, but if you hit this area, your work will be interesting. "
Yamazaki said this and walked along the Ryogoku Bridge with a smile.
Yamazaki is well aware that all the big cocks that make a noise in Edo, "One", exist in Satsuma. Nanjo and Igarashi are not Satsuma people, but they kept a close connection with Satsuma and saw through as much as their ambition to do something in the Kanto region. Yamazaki also knew from the beginning that the plot to take over Kofu Castle was abandoned because of this, and Nanjo and his colleagues temporarily retreated to Edo to relax.
When I came out to Edo, I was half curious to find out where they were going, but since the Okido incident, I thought that this guy had to be the most serious. It was.
So, for the past few days, when I looked at my favorite "Keigan", I found the old woman's house in Aioi-cho. It was not a big deal for Yamazaki to know that Nanjo and Igarashi were going in and out of this house, and that they sometimes stayed there as a residence.
So, after getting some background knowledge of the inside and outside of the old woman's house, I wondered what kind of measures I should take to get the inside out. Rather than doing something like that, I thought it would be more interesting to suddenly hit Nanjo and pull out the daring 《Dogimo》, but in the end, I tried to push it today. When I pushed it in, there was a rare prey other than Nanjo. However, both Nanjo and Utsugi are still at the end, and the big cock is in the Satsuma mansion where the vines are stretched from there. It is important to know that the root of the noise in Edo is there, taking advantage of the absence of the shogun.
While thinking about it, Yamazaki was unknowingly drawn to the spectacle huts of both countries.
However, there is a signboard of "Edo no Hana Onna Light Industry" in the big spectacle hut. When Yamazaki looks at the letters on the signboard, he is familiar with the handwriting. I thought it was a regrettable character to put up in a spectacle hut.
"Yeah, it's similar to the character of Kamio, it's very similar to the brush of Kamio Shuzen, which is packed in Kofu, but no matter how much it falls, Kamio can't be a signboard. Where and what is that man now? I wonder if you are doing
When Yamazaki looked at the signboard thinking like this, he hung a white cloth for a long time and admitted with a completely strange brush, "Because of Kiyosumi's Shigetaro illness, a three-day holiday notice." 》 There was.
When Yamazaki passed in front of the hut, there was a person who hit his shoulder from behind.
"Mr. Yamazaki"
"Oh, Shichibei?"
Looking back, it was Shichibei who was dressed in the same way as me.
"Did you come to Aioi Town?"
"Yeah, I just got into Aioi-cho, but where were you?"
"I know that she is the master of this female light business, so I stopped by for a while. How about the success of the people in Aioi-cho?"
"It was quite interesting"
"Where are you going from now on?"
"Well, sometimes I want to meet you and talk to you ..."
"Then, why don't you come to this hut for women's light business? As I still say, the master of this hut is the best | Bekkon, so I will talk while resting in the dressing room. Would you like to ask? "
"I see, that's fine."
The two came back to the front of the hut of the female light business that had passed once,
"Nanabei, what the heck is this Kiyosumi Shigetaro?"
"There is a whole range of souls about this. Shigetaro Kiyosumi is a feature of this hut that was prepared from Boshu, and he was calling a lot of customers these days. The feature has escaped. I'm familiar with the story of the escape, but it's strange that the women's sheaths are sick, so while both of them are sick. The person in charge of the liver and kidney has gone missing. Where did Shigetaro, the person in question, overtake the two women, pull out the horses in the neighborhood, and go? I still don't know where I am. It's a feature, so I'll make an excuse for three days by doing this. "
Shichibei guided Yamazaki and went from the road to the dressing room. The corner was absent, but the women will take care of it.
The two of them had a drink there,
"Now, Shichibei, I've got another job I'd like to get help from, it's nothing else, do you know Mita's turf, commonly known as Shikoku-cho?"
"Eh, you know, when you cross Akabanebashi, you go straight, and when you cross Kanasugi Bridge, you turn right. That's Satsuma, Awa, Arima, and Iyo. Since there are daimyo's residences in Shikoku, I know that it is popularly called Shikoku Town. "
"That's right, you probably know Satsuma's mansion, which is the largest in Shikoku."
"I know that well, the front of that mansion is commonly called Goshudenmae, the gate is a magnificent black-painted one, and the roof is copper-roofed. There is something like a thatched roof instead of the onigawara in the gable work of Kagoshima, and there are three crests of thatched roof on the front, so no matter who sees it, this is Satsushu. You can see that it is a Shimadzu mansion with 770,000 stones in Kagoshima. "
"So that's it"
Therefore, Yuzuru Yamazaki took out the paper case from his pocket and expanded it with a drawing of Mino Paper University.
"This is the Satsuma mansion."
Looking at the drawing as it is now.
"What happened to that Satsuma mansion?"
Shichibei also peeped in from the side.
"You know, these days, the bad guys who make noise in the city of Edo are usually out of here."
"So that's it"
"By the way, I'd like to investigate the pattern inside this Satsuma mansion completely, but how about you, do you have any good wisdom?"
"You're on the left ... The fact that the mansion is noisy isn't something that has just begun. There must have been someone who had an eye on it. Next door is the mansion in Awa. Thank you, did some of you secretly explore the pattern of Satsuma's mansion from the fire lookout tower of Awa-sama's mansion? "
"Oh, why do you even know that?"
"I heard such a rumor in a little passing section. The riddle, Kaneko of the upper mountain clan, looked into the Satsuma mansion from that point on, and drew a picture all the time. It seems that there are times, but is it true or a lie? "
"Nani, Kaneko of the upper mountain clan? Then it's probably Yozaburo Kaneko of the upper mountain, that man would do it."
"That's why, Professor Yamazaki, do you want to find out more about the state of that Satsuma mansion?"
"Yes, I want to borrow your wisdom about it, but I wonder if there is any way to get inside that mansion."
When I was told this, Shichibei was motivated to think about it. I was thinking about it for a while
"It's not easy for the teacher to enter that mansion, and I'm a little uncomfortable, but one thing that came to my mind here is the mountain of Koshu. There is one small teacher, Kosegare, who came out from the inside and is very expensive, and he lives in that neighborhood. He has a grudge against Tazukuri's Gomame, and he has a grudge against Osamurai in Hidoku Satsushu. So, I'd like to stick to him and try to hit him ... I'm deeply enthusiastic, but since he's a small boy who can slip through his eyes and nose, it will be very useful depending on how he uses it. "
The corner came back to the middle of the story.
"Mr. Shichibei, thank you for your patience."
"How was it, did you find a child?"
"No, I can't find it. After all, I'm a kid who understands the word" living thing "well, so I can't help but be loved by animals. I'm coming, and he also loves animals, so I can't help it because I'm afraid, I finally pulled the horse I had connected and went somewhere. "
It seems that the horn was irritated while saying this,
"During this time, a person from Senju told me that a single child was riding a naked horse or getting off the horse and pulling the reins" near Koganegahara in Shimosa. However, I was told that there was someone who saw me walking to the east, so I think that's the case. So today, I was thinking about going to Koganegahara. "
"So that's it"
"But it's a moonlit night, and people who see it are far away, so I don't know if it's Shigetaro or not. I think it's ridiculous, but it's still for giving up. "
In addition to the fact that Shigetaro just escaped from the corner, it seems that he has an unbeatable spirit. However, I don't seem to have a grudge against silk here. Shigetaro, who should have been taken by Okin, seems to have been safely recovered by exchanging with Hoki's Yasutsuna with the wisdom of Shichibei. This time, the boy ran away with his horse in a later case, and it seems that Silk was not completely involved in this case. If the silk is left as it is and Shigetaro is still kidnapped and not returned, that is the corner, and it cannot be done in such a way. Silk can also be life-threatening and blind enough to try such a prank.
That was the solution, and apart from that, Shigetaro Kiyosumi felt that he had left this spectacle hut by riding the moonlight and pulling a familiar horse.
[# 9 indentation] Three [# "three" is the middle heading]
It wasn't long before Tadashi, who had been dedicated to a store called Echigoya near the Satsuma residence in Sanda, quit the house and began to explore the pattern inside the Satsuma residence. That is.
Tadashi's body, disguised in various ways, haunted around Sanda, centering on the Satsuma residence, but one day, when he stopped by Echigoya and passed through the courtyard, he spoke loudly in one room. I heard the words of Samurai. I don't know who that Samurai is, but while I'm drinking and talking about it, Satsuma sometimes comes up, so I can't help but abandon it.
"Left, after all, the first person in Satsuma is Kichinosuke Saigo, who follows Saigo ... I have no idea who follows Saigo."
"Saigo must be Elai. Tosa's Ryoma Sakamoto shouldn't measure Saigo's measure. If you look at the place where you turn your tongue, you can see that he is quite a person. Even in Shintaro Nakaoka's letter, he has this human knowledge, has a courage, and always makes a slogan, and is the most thoughtful. If you happen to say a word for a long time, it is certain that you will pierce the human intestine, and you will be proficient in obedience to people. 》 Even if you look at the place where you are standing up, it seems that you are quite a great master, but in Satsuma, Saigo is not the only person, Komatsu ｜ Tatewaki and Ichizo Okubo are in Saigo. It has a reputation for being a master who is as good as it is. "
"Well, there can't be a great master other than Saigo, first of all, if Nariakira of the lord isn't an extraordinary person, Saigo can't be complemented. In terms of wisdom and skill, Komatsu obi sword and Okubo Even if Ichizo is superior to Saigo, even if one point of virtue is reached, it does not extend even if a ladder is hung, the person is big and virtue, hero | He can be a hero in a turbulent world, and he can be a saint or a hermit with just one swing. Will be "
"I fell in love with Erac Saigo. By the way, that virtue becomes a problem. The virtue of the saint prince is something that cannot be sought after, and is equal to that virtue. However, the virtue of the heroic hero is nothing more than a kind of human mind converging technique. Saigo's virtue is, in short, Satsuma Ichikuni. It's a virtue that is limited to, and even though it's big, it usually has a bottom and a back, so these days, it's the size of Saigo that puts a saint in the city of Edo to make a prank. Isn't it going out? The trick that the man tried to make Tokugawa angry like this is quite angry. If Tokugawa collapsed in Saigo, did he pass it on to Shimadzu? Roh. Choshu is Choshu, and you'll think that the next General Conqueror will have to get out of Mohri. No one has a fair amount of play. The story of the play is a little too violent for the Satsuma mansion to ruin the townhouses in Edo these days. "
"Well, Saigo isn't doing it, Masumitsu is doing it."
"What is Masumitsu?"
"Some people say that he is the person in Satsuma following Saigo. Masumitsu shook his head, and he was making noise in the city of Edo, so it's still an interesting play. Will be seen. "
Tadashi, who was listening, was interested in hearing this word. Then, no matter what kind of man is Masumitsu, who is in charge of the rough man in the Satsuma mansion, Tadashi is firmly named Masumitsu. I carved it inside.
After leaving there, Tadashi goes around the Satsuma mansion and comes to the guard gate toward Shibahama, and it seems that he will be two or three years older than Tadashi from just inside the gate. A boy came out. It doesn't look good on a boy and seems to be a little drunk.
At first glance, I thought that Tadashi was a familiar youthful person. Without having to repeat my memory deeply, the boy's head, which slips through his eyes and nose, is scooping gold dust in the river of Tokumairi, which is worthwhile. It was Shichibei who came down from that cliff road and asked the way, and the young man who came out here now walked along the cliff road across the river with Shichibei.
"Okay, let's follow this person, I'm wearing a hat and I'm in the style of a liquor store, so it's not bad."
A young person who does not know that he is being followed by Tadashi. It is not another person, Utsugi Hyoma, who has just left the guard gate of Satsuma's residence. Utsugi Hyoma, who doesn't even know who will follow him, feels pretty good.
[# Indent two characters from here]
There are many grasses in Musashino
There are few if you pick vegetables ……
[# End of indentation here]
While humming, I will walk toward Yamauchi on the grass.
The soldiers who entered the pine forest of Zojoji Temple began to go around under one of the pine trees, but they pulled out the petite sword "Kozuka" and thrust it into the pine tree.
After the soldiers had left, they stopped by the pine tree and found out that it had been pierced by a petite, and Tadashi pulled it out randomly, and the pine tree had a flaw in his eyes. I will attach "Scratch" and follow the soldiers again.
The soldiers are wearing the clogs of the magnolia obovata. Tadashi is a strawberry shoe. Both of them walked and walked from Sanda in Shiba to Aioicho in Honjo.
By the way, when I came to Aioi-cho, Tadashi saw that the soldiers had entered the old woman's house.
When you came to this point, you had to find out who the house was and went home. Tadashi went around the mansion a couple of times.
"Hello, do you have a request yet?"
When I went to the back door and tried using such a voice 《Scary》
"Mikawaya kid?"
"Okay"
"Please come here and help me."
"Oh, I understand."
Fortunately, I entered the Nagaya from the submarine.
"Hello"
"You're a young boy, so please come here and help me."
A woman's voice steadily in the dim light.
"Which one?"
"I don't mind, please come early."
"Are you sure you want to climb from here?"
"You can come from anywhere, so come early and help me."
It's something that is often called around the sink, so when Tadashi goes in a hurry and looks at it, one maid puts a Masu under her knees and makes a noise like a division of the world. I'm here. I laid it down to make the mouse lie down, but it seems that I'm having trouble getting rid of it.
"You caught a mouse."
"Kid, please do something soon."
Tadashi skillfully opened the box, caught the mouse with Gyu, put it on the ground, raised his leg and stomped on it. The maid breathes relievedly,
"Oh, it's different from the usual little boy."
I saw the face of Tadashi's work.
"Please give me your favor."
Tadashi bowed his head.
There, across the corridor, another woman
"Fukusan"
The maid who held the mouse down was called
"Okay"
I answered.
"Because I'm a posterity, please give me a lot of freshly drawn cold water" Hiya "."
One silver bottle 《Gingame》 is dedicated to the hand.
"I'm afraid, let's get it from that big well."
"I'm sorry"
The woman who came across the corridor handed the silver bottle she had in her hand to the maid who was holding the mouse, and the maid who was holding the mouse went out to fetch water with it. It seems.
"Thank you every time"
Tadashi was a woman who offered a silver bottle when she was about to leave.
"Hello boy"
I called it.
"Yes, do you want it?"
"Oh, you'll come here every day."
"Yes, I will visit you every day."
"Then, please ask me for a moment."
"Oh, good luck, whatever you can do."
The woman who saw Tadashi and tried to ask for something was Omatsu.
Tadashi returned to the request with the happiness of Mokke, and Omatsu looked at Tadashi's face trying to say something.
"Children, where is your store?"
"This is Mikawaya"
Tadashi was supposed to reply without fail.
Omatsu had been thinking for a while, but when he saw what he would ask for,
"Don't miss it, please buy me some medicine for Iwami Ginzan."
said.
"Yes, I understand."
If I wanted to buy medicine for Iwami Ginzan, the maid used to lie down and make a lot of noise, even though I didn't have to ask the liquor store again, but I still often bother to order Iwami Ginzan. I often thought that this mansion was troubled by mice. When the former woman filled the silver bottle with water and brought it there,
"Thank you for your hard work"
Omatsu receives it and goes back to the original corridor. Tadashi also went out of the mansion with a coin, Kozeni, who was asked by Omatsu to buy Iwami Ginzan.
Before the soldiers and horses did not return to this mansion, and Tadashi did not wander around it, many great masters from his shoulders entered this mansion. Fifteen people gather.
Koshio Igarashi, who hadn't seen for a while because Nanjo Riki was taking the cow's ear, is also on the side.
"Well, you guys"
Nanjo took on the role of chairman,
"There is one thing I would like to ask for your volunteers here, it's a job that's a waste, it's not a waste, it's a job like a child's deception, and it's actually quite dangerous. There is no miscellaneous work to try, and it cannot be said that the curse does not come after it is completed. 》 It ’s a job with a good interest. ”
"What the hell is that?"
"Actually, this is the reason why I sneaked into Toshogu Shrine in Ueno Yamauchi ... No, I'm sneaking in, I'm stealing a bundle of banknotes in front of God, I'm not limited to a bundle of coins, Tosho Turn over everything that seems to be thankful in front of Gongen, don't do it secretly, come in interestingly, thank you for what Tosho Gongen is thankful for, but this is for those who are not thankful All you have to do is show them that, and bring back a bundle of banknotes to the sign. It's similar to a child's play, but it has a soul and soul. "
Nanjo said: If you think about it, it is an order to add rudeness to the god of Tosho Gongen, the principal image of the Tokugawa Shogunate. Indeed, some scholars have long wanted to do this. Rai Mikisaburo, the son of Rai Sanyo, seemed to hate the lanterns of Toshogu, so he slashed it with a sword and finally grabbed it and slashed his neck. I ended up being able to do it. Here again, it seems that the bundle of banknotes in front of the shrine of Toshogu has become the enemy of the eyes. Indeed, it is a work similar to a child's play that can not be helped by tampering with lanterns and bundles of banknotes, but those who want to do it must have considerable soul.
As a result, there were many people who wanted to do it because it was interesting.
Since the whole is a volunteer, if you make a nomination, you will complain, okay, all the other people except the main character will be angry, and the meeting will end with the intention of pushing out tomorrow evening. I did. Utsugi Hyoma returned after the breakup.
The next day, an unexpected violent man entered the Toshogu Shrine in Ueno.
There is a thing carrying three gold coins "Gohei" standing in front of the inner camp, in front of the door containing the wooden statue of Tosho. In the meantime, I pulled out the white coins on the left and right and the coins "Nusa" that stood in the hall of worship and carried them out. There is also evidence that Miki was given to Sanzan in the stone room. It is clear that it was the work of this fellow, Yakara, who scratched the beard of Minister Ya. I also tried wearing a lion head, but it seemed that I couldn't cover it, and it seems that I had thrown it out.
I also removed the fishing lanterns on the left and right of the stairs. When I heard that, when Betto of Kanmatsuin ran with a monk and a samurai, I couldn't see the shadow or shape of the violent man in the case.
According to the story, more than a dozen ronin | people with a body came in with a terrifying momentum, and although they were there, there was no support for it, and this violence was completed in a blink of an eye. It is said that he raised the voice of the battle cry and pulled it up.
I chose a person who remembers my arm and let him follow after that, but it is said that the whereabouts of the violent man are unknown.
However, in reality, there are those who have seen the violent man swinging a major man and pulling up the Onari Kaido. He pushed the three gold coins in front of Toshogu in the middle, and walked along the middle of the road to see this, and he said that he would not go to Gokencho yet. There were also things.
But again, it was a lie, they ate the wind and ran away, and there were some who stepped on the groundwork, saying that it was a little earlier.
"I chased, but I was afraid of that momentum and ran away."
Some say bad things.
Indeed, they are pushing three gold coins in the middle and waving a major in the middle of Oedo.
"I'm down, I'm down, Tosho Gongen's Kaichō", if you want to worship the Kaichō, you should come to the Satsushu mansion in Mita, Shiba, we live in the Satsushu mansion. Today, I came to Ueno to pick up the opening book of Toshogu Shrine, and I'm afraid of God's worship if I rarely do it. "
Walking while threatening the passing people by saying this. Passersby terrified and avoided the road. Some elderly couples who didn't know anything lay down on the roadside, wondering if Gongen would really open the book to Satsuma Mansion.
Then, from the group of people, I deliberately patted the head of the good man and the good woman with the thin paper coin "Nusa" that was taken out of the worship hall.
"If you give a tribute to your return to life, god, god, and soul, you shouldn't have a future life."
Some people said something like that and thanked the good men and the good women.
"If you still want your devotion, you should go to Satsuma Mansion in Sanda, Satsuma Mansion in Sanda."
Satsuma mansion is pulled out in the second word after saying such a thing. Truthfully, if it's from the Satsuma mansion, it's unlikely that the name of Satsuma will be ostensibly given even after some grudge or plot to do or do something like this. Even though it is a thing, if you look at the place where you like to swing Satsuma, you may think that you are a homeless wanderer who uses the power of Satsuma as a signboard, but on the way, this blasphemy is extremely wandering. It seems that it is itchy even if you look away from the fact that the agency that controls the person does not reach. Sakai, a city cracker | Sakai, though the townspeople are sick of the fact that it will rain blood if it seems to be a big deal for those who belong to Saemon's hand. The gang of violent men finally boarded the Satsuma mansion in Mita, guarding the money of gold, without even reaching this point.
[# 9 indentation] 4 [# "4" is the middle heading]
In Shimousa Kogane ｜ Shimosa no Kuni Kogane ｜ Hara 《Hara》, strange things have become popular these days.
When the moon rises, a child pulls out a horse carrying a boy from the gate of Ichigetsuji Temple in Ichigetsuji.
[# Indent two characters from here]
Look at it, look at it
Look at Tsukuba "Tsukuba"
A demon came out from the mountain of Tsukuba
It ’s not a demon, it ’s a white dog.
If one barks, everyone barks
Wanwan, Wanwan
[# End of indentation here]
When the child who pulled out the horse whistled the verse of the folk song of this region with a funny whistle, the barmen of the small money quarreled around them.
The person who pulled the horse out of this temple and whistled it was Shigetaro Kiyosumi, who was a spectacle in both countries. There is.
They are not going to leave here and go anywhere, every night in the evening they pull out their horses and go out to the wide open fields.
According to Shigetaro, it may be to water the horses and give the crippled speech an opportunity to take a walk, but the local people are rushing out as if they were a spectacle that was waiting for it. It is every night that we get together. The children of the gathered were hitting the ground and listening to Shigetaro's whistle.
[# Indent two characters from here]
Look at it, look at it
Look at Tsukuba
A demon came out from the mountain of Tsukuba
[# End of indentation here]
Because it is something that sings, my daughters and young people became interesting, and in a hurry,
[# Indent two characters from here]
It ’s not a demon, it ’s a white dog.
If one barks, everyone barks
[# End of indentation here]
When the elderly people sang and sang in chorus, the clapping of their feet naturally became interesting, and they gathered in front of and behind the horses and kneaded from the town to the original while dancing with the gesture of Bon Odori.
[# Indent two characters from here]
Hello
Who are you
I'm blind
Who came to look for
I came to look for Aki-chan
Come around three times
Come on, come on
[# End of indentation here]
This dance spread to rumors, and people gathered from Soma in the north, Katsushika in the south, and Sakura in the east to the town of Kogane.
There is no reason why a person who has heard rumors and came to see the dance will not knowingly get on the excitement and become a dancer himself. The speed of its infectivity is like radio waves.
The ones that occupy the taste of dance are not uncollected waiting for the next day's end. Two ri, three ri, and four ri are not the number of things. There are young people who come and dance without leaving Gori, Shichiri, and Hachiri. This is not necessarily drawn to one whistle blown by Shigetaro Kiyosumi. Many people like the place where people get together. Especially young men like the gathering of young women. Young woman So again, I don't want to see a young man dancing.
When a large number of people gathered for the sake of excitement, it seems that old people are also turned young and a kind of different psychological state appears there.
Everyone who gathered in Koganegahara became a dancer. Even those who didn't know how to dance were moved and became crazy about dancing.
The only ones who do not dance are the talking priest on horseback and Shigetaro Kiyosumi who takes the ondo.
"Shigeru-chan, what will happen to this?"
The young people and children are not the only ones who forget themselves when they get on the happiness and try to leave the house open and dance all night long. There are almost only a few answering machines in the whole town, and the beautiful voices are proud of their voices, the good dancers are proud of their gestures, and Shigetaro's horses are all around. 》 Make a circle of hundreds of people in the meantime.
The voice of the song "Aita" echoed in every corner of the wide Koganegahara, and it seemed that it would reach the sky and even the Miyai of the moon. However, the voices of the hundreds singing together are always dominated by Shigetaro with a single whistle. No matter how loud or miscellaneous their voices are, only the whistling of Shigetaro, who pulls a horse and stands in the middle, stands high and rises in all voices and agitation. The whistle had an ondo, and it wasn't until there was an ondo that I had a gesture.
It's not just humans, but dogs that feed their homes resonate with this turmoil, fighting and going out, crazy between dances, and chickens in Toya, He flutters his wings and wants to fly down. When I finally kneaded it into a wide area, stopped the horse and stood up, the people around it formed a circle, and the person who was absorbed in dancing went crazy. No behavior.
When the turmoil became high, there was no chance for the talker's speech placed on the horse to cut out the talk. I'm just vacantly riding a horse and listening to the turmoil of the crowd with my invisible eyes.
On horseback, Benshin asked Shigetaro, who was pulling the reins of the horse, while listening to the song of a dance that was deafening around him and the clapping of his feet.
At that time, Shigetaro had already stopped whistling. At first, the ondo always starts with Shigetaro's whistling, but when it becomes a sword, Shigetaro stops whistling, just steps, and looks at the crowd. is.
"Mr. Benshin, I don't even know what's going on, at first everyone gathered with my whistle, but now it's like I'm being dragged by everyone's dance. If I don't whistle or take the lead, I'm sure everyone will kill me. "
Shigetaro did not stop clapping and looked up at the speech.
"Every night, about twice as many people grow, if there were 500 people the night before last night, there were 1,000 people last night, and 3,000 people tomorrow night. It may get together. Since Koganegahara is large, it doesn't matter how many people get together, but I'm sure there will be complaints from those who are away, letting mothers and sons who have daughters dance. My father and the elderly who are out of the office haven't been silent for a long time, and I'm sure they'll come to me for this dance someday. I can't stop it, Shigeru-chan, who takes the lead, and even I, who doesn't start dancing, can't handle it. Let's go. Then, it's supposed to be the voice of the government, and it's decided that the official will come and give it by force. At that time, the official will tell you about this dance. What if Shigeru-chan and I get caught as a singer? It's not that we did something wrong, but with the feeling that if we don't take the singer, this dance will be quiet. What if I catch them and take them into prison? Shigeru-chan, I'll manage to think about it now, and I'm worried about it. "
Benshin said with Shigetaro with the heart of a police officer.
Although the two were on the alert, one of them was trying to take advantage of this thriving popularity. While dancing who did it, there were a lot of bills of Yawata-sama and Suitengu shrine scattered around. People thought that the bill had fallen from heaven.
On the other hand, there are also people who say this.
"The world is over, there will be a recovery of the world in the near future, if you dance, now"
Although this contact was short, it had considerable power to inspire the pleasures in front of people.
At that time, people's hearts cannot be so calm wherever they go. The pioneers are struggling to see the nation's urgency, but the people of the Ichii village who don't know anything are not so uneasy at the bottom of their hearts. The implication that a cataclysm will occur in the near future is not unseen in the hearts of girls and children.
"If you dance, now is the time" -then the end of the world is somehow approaching, and you can see that people are trying to devour the short desires of the front road.
This dance of Koganegahara finally came to Edo, and there are people who go out to see it from Edo after hearing the prosperous rumors. Anyone who goes to see must join the group and start dancing.
Now, the songs sung at this dance place are not limited to the folk songs of this region, such as look at it, look at it, and look at Tsukuba. Some bring in the section of Soma Nagareyama. Some people have adapted Itako Dejima. At last, there was something that started singing "Isn't it?"
The next day, a white wooden temporary palace "Karimiya" was built in the middle of the field where the bills fell. That night, in front of the temporary palace, there are numerous offerings of Kagami mochi. Hatsuho, the first ear of gold swords wrapped in paper, was piled up like a mountain.
Maybe it was a lover from Edo. A group of white headbands brought into a white undershirt with a set of white headbands dances "Ei-naka" with bells and drums.
"Even if you drink a drink, it's not good, isn't it?"
I took out the sacred sake "Miki" in front of the shrine, drank it myself, and danced while recommending it to people.
A town stands in the middle of Koganegahara. Shops selling things lined up.
Every night, the people who gathered here once and arranged the ondo of the dance danced to "Sanzan" and returned to their respective lands while dancing. Those who dance to the east on the Mito-sama highway, those who flow from Matsudo to Edo over Senju, those who hurry toward Tsukuba in the north, those who collapse toward Chiba Sakura in the south, and those left along the road Since things participate and dance, it is natural that the flow becomes thicker toward the end like the flow of a large river.
The pillar of the temporary palace, which was built overnight in the center of Koganegahara, has become thicker. When the priest was appointed, the priest who has a habit is already in the eboshi hitatare.
Indeed, this priest has one habit and two habits, and not only is it housed in the palace, but he also shakes a sword to show his minions. Is forced to dispose of it with a gift. The offering rice cakes are packed in bales, and the offerings are put in a sword and sent to somewhere.
Then again, it is creepy that this priest is in a good mood with Shigetaro Kiyosumi and the speech of the blind lawyer. I don't know what kind of god the temporary palace is, but it seems that it is more important to be in a good mood with Shigetaro than to cherish the main body.
The two boys who should be merciful are now scared of this priest.
Shigetaro and Benshin try to escape from this place. I thought that if I didn't run away, my life wouldn't endure anymore.
However, when this happens, they are two idols that are indispensable for those who are trying to take advantage of the blind crowd. Even if you try to escape, you won't escape. If you try to be strong, it's more dangerous than staying here. The two consulted with each other on their foreheads, but to say the least, the speech was blind and Shigetaro was a child.
"Then, let's talk to Yojiro."
"Oh, let's talk to Yojiro."
When they explained their painful position to Yojiro and pleaded for good wisdom, Yojiro, who had been thinking for a while, closed his eyes ... Wait, this Yojiro is one. It is an old man who is over 70 years old who is away from the cafeteria of Tsukiji Temple. Kansu, the lord of Ichigetsu-ji, usually lives in a branch office in Edo during the year. There is a graduate school fee, but this is almost indifferent to the temple, and I play with a short whistle. Yojiro knows the temple best and works the best, so he may have both eyes and eyes. The old man Yojiro was the actual butler of Ichigetsu-ji. After being consulted by Benshin and Shigetaro, Yojiro closed his eyes and twisted his neck for a while, but eventually he stood up and pulled out of the cupboard. It is a drawer of Ajiro Amiyo.
"I have learned the direct spelling of this for you."
The old man Yojiro said that the taste was hydrangea. Benshin heard the voice, but couldn't see it. Shigetaro sees the thing, but cannot understand the word. It seems that the old man burst into laughter and began to explain the direct spelling with "Kudokudo".
In the evening of that day, a speech that straddled a horse appeared in front of the gate of Ichigetsu-ji Temple. It appeared when it appeared, but today it appears differently than usual. I can't see Shigetaro, who should always stand in front of me and pull the horse and whistle. I'm taking Besides, I used to be a naked horse, but today I put a saddle and bite the reins, though it is simple. However, even though the sword carried on the back of the sword is really big, the sword itself is a lawyer of the small soldier "Kohyo", so the sword does not carry the sword, but the horse carries the sword on his horse. It looks like you are riding.
The people who gathered at that time were surprised at how the horse riding was changed today, and also doubted that there was no Shigetaro who should have been there before. Despite this, the blind lawyer's speech begins to talk on horseback today, squeezing his reins and gradually advancing his horse.
"Everyone, I'm sad to say that my age is uncertain, and Shigetaro, who has been a favorite of all of you for a long time, has died ... You may be surprised. There is also "more", I was surprised before everyone was surprised, saying that the unchanging wind blows in the morning "tomorrow" and in the evening "last night", but this is Don't be afraid to be so pathetic, Shigetaro, who had been watching the dance and singing with you until yesterday, got sick for just one day and took the breath of the world as if sleeping. It's really like a dream for me, but even if I say this, it's all related to the previous life, so I can't help but grieve anyone and mourn anything. So, I wanted to run a posthumous remedy for that child at least to my friend's song, so I came out like this this evening, on my back. Please see, in this big song, Shigetaro Kiyosumi, who took the breath of the world, is dying as if he were sleeping. I wanted to bury it peacefully in Iji, and that's how I went out. "
[# 9 indentation] 5 [# "5" is the middle heading]
When the rare phenomenon of Koganegahara became popular even in the city of Edo, there was a chant. According to me, the town of Edo will soon catch fire, and at that time the townspeople of Edo will lose their place to live and will have to temporarily build a temporary city in Koganegahara. No. What I want to be saved most happily at that time is a rather ridiculous chanting that I should believe in the new God of Koganegahara. It is still true that many people with a little heart believed it, even though it was a ridiculous word that should be taken care of with a laugh. .. It was the time when more people went to devotion than those who went to dance, and people with considerable status and wealth began to squeeze in one after another.
When Mr. Doan, who was the usual teacher, overheard this, he struck his knee.
"Now, it's the curtain for Noko" I "to come out again."
There, he touched on the children who lived in the vicinity, hunted a group of stupid musicians, and added volunteer Dalian to board Koganegahara to learn the customs of Tohi. Tomorrow, Uji Yamada's Yonetomo visited the place where I was wondering if I should go on a business trip to Koganegahara for the preliminary inspection.
"teacher"
"Hi, a rare item comes in" Chinbutsu Nyurai ""
As expected, Dr. Doan wrapped his tongue and stroked his forehead upside down.
"I haven't seen you for a while."
"No, no"
Doan stroked his forehead upside down and looked at the face of his friend, Kao, and I don't really understand what it means to say no.
"These days, teacher, I'm going to Meguro."
"I see, you're coming to Meguro these days."
"I'm having trouble with Fudo-sama's temple in Meguro, but my teacher, I'm leaving soon, so I came to get some medicine to prepare for the trip."
"Well, you came often."
Doan is looking at Yonetomo with a polite greeting to the abomination.
"I'd like you to pack one in this. Well, there are doctors in the neighborhood, but doctors with known surnames are safer, so I decided to go to Kichibozu. By the way, I came all the way to the doctor. "
While saying that, Yonetomo took out two sets of black-painted quadruple inro from his pocket and arranged them in front of Doan.
"I see, there are doctors in the neighborhood, but doctors with known surnames are safer, so I told Yoshibozu and took the trouble to bring him to Mr. Doan in Chojamachi. Well, that's a pain, thank you for your request, and I'll prepare the medicine right away, but Yonetomo, come a little earlier. "
Today's Doan's cat-stroking voice "Nekonade Goe" is very creepy. For Yonetomo, the breathing is different from the one that is not good at the horns of the female unburden, and this Doan is also not good at it. Even when the poppy is blown from the head by Doan, Yonetomo gets angry, but when he is struck by a cat, it's creepy. Doan said that Yonetomo was strangely a Hanikan when he was told to come a little earlier.
"I understand that medicine is medicine, but I'll teach you a little bit about how to say things, so come out a little further."
It's nothing, but Yonetomo doesn't get close to Doan's house because it's creepy. Even though he thinks Doan is a benefactor and believes that he is a teacher who has a lot of medical skills, he says that he is always happy to make him suffer because he doesn't have a bosom in Doan. Because there is something wrong with people like this.
"You said, I came out of Meguro, but I don't have a doctor in my neighborhood, but I'm glad I knew my surname, so I asked this Doan," you said. It's okay because I'm on good terms, but if you go to another doctor and say that, you'll be defeated. "
"Why is that so?"
Yonetomo himself does not remember saying that he would be overwhelmed by anyone. I thought that what I could say to the teacher here could not be said to another teacher. Also, I complained in my stomach that I wasn't a US friend who would make a few words depending on the person, but when I went to Doan, I couldn't put it out and cut the sword.
"Why don't you think about it, you said you came from Meguro, Meguro is that, it's a famous place for bamboo shoots, where do you think bamboo shoots will grow?"
"That's right, teacher, I wish the bamboo shoots would grow in the bamboo bush."
"Look at that, that is, Meguro is a famous place for bushes, and even though there are doctors in the neighborhood even though they came out of the bushes, it's a very rude statement to Doan, isn't it? Isn't it [# "Emphasis mark"]? If that's the case, from the beginning, the teacher and I have been in Meguro these days, and there are bushes in the neighborhood, but the same bushes. But I can't honestly say that the bushes in Chojamachi are more confident and reassuring, so I went all the way, though there are doctors in the neighborhood. It's a doctor who is told to give me a favor when I come all the way, because I have the temperament to say this to each other, so I'll try not to put on a garment on my teeth to say something. Hey? "
It's really a crappy pry [# "pry" is an emphasis mark]. It's a lot of excuses. It is the reason why I am a U.S. friend who takes it seriously.
"Teacher, I didn't say that, I didn't say that there was a bush in the neighborhood, I didn't say it with such an emphasis mark [#" Emphasis mark "], the bush. No matter how much you don't have Meguro. "
"Hey!"
Doan gave both hands, so the mouth of Yonetomo wasn't closed.
However, the battle for bushes did not take root any more, and Doan did not hesitate to pack enough medicine into the two inro for Yonetomo. When I asked him where he was going on a business trip, Yonetomo said that these days, a charlatan appeared in Koganegahara, the country of Shimousa, and Meguro's Fudo-sama. Since it means to scatter the bills and bring out the depression of the god Arahito, the priest of Sanbutsudo and the one who overlaps during the lecture are to investigate it. Yonetomo, who is now in trouble with Meguro's immobility, became one of his attendants, because he was going on a business trip to Koganegahara and on the way back to Sakura and Narita. It depends on being selected.
When I heard that, Doan was prized, and I was just thinking that I would like to go to Koganegahara for a preliminary inspection, so if you go, I will go with you. , I'm enthusiastic about it.
Therefore, Yonetomo got medicine and went back to Fudoin in Meguro. It was decided that the inauguration would be early the next day, and Doan's party met with Fudoin's party at Yamashita in Ueno, where they both decided to board to Koganegahara.
The next morning, Doan was waiting for Yamashita with only one person, Senko, who took him to visit Ise, and soon a party from Fudoin arrived.
The time when this party arrived at Kozukappara in Senju was also early morning.
When I came to see it casually, there were so many people from around Senju Ohashi to around the punishment that I couldn't push it back.
There is a dance of "Isn't it?" There is an ondo that looks like a piece of wood. You can also hear the sound of the drums of Ichiten Shikai. I think this terrifying number of people hasn't been enough to dance and dance all night last night, so it seems that they have worked so far. The destination is probably Shimosa's Koganegahara. It seems that the dawn has come by the time we start dancing from Kozukahara and come to Kozukahara. Even after dawn, their dancing fever does not awaken. With this amount, you may dance through the streets of Edo until the sun goes down and dawn.
Neither Fudodo's party nor Doan-sensei's party can handle this number of people. If you go from the very front, you cannot overcome this number of people. In the meantime, the pilgrim is Senju Ohashi, and unless you cross the river, you can't go through the back road. I had no choice but to avoid it in the yard and tried to pass this number of people. Besides those who dance crazy, they are a huge spectator at this time.
There is only one idol on a horse in the middle of the number of people who follow.
It is not an idol, only one little priest is riding on a warm black horse that is not so surprised by this number of people, wearing a sad face and being caught in a wave of people.
The little priest is blind to everyone, and it is disproportionate to carry a sword that is larger than the body. Why is only this little boy riding a horse? Rather than riding a horse, it seems that the crowd was forced to scratch the horse, and the crowd surrounding it protected it like a doll of a float and brought it to the top of the mountain. Because of the momentum to go, the little priest couldn't go down even if he went down with the momentum of a horse tiger, and even if he made an excuse, he couldn't listen to it because of this commotion. It seems that you are interested in this.
Even though the people around me are enthusiastic and crazy about it, this little boy is the only one who can't cry when he sees Kairo from a distance. As it is Kozukappara, when I see the face of a small priest like the steps of a slaughterhouse, I am very pitiful and I am worried about what the enthusiasm of the crowd will do in the future. It's something you can't do.
"Where are you guys, please drop me off here?"
The little boy on horseback said, as if crying, as if to sue,
"This is Kozukahara in Senju, which is still in Edo."
There was a person who answered from the horse side "Umawaki".
"Yes, Kozukahara? Oh, everyone, please drop me off here."
The little boy on horseback shook his voice.
"It's still a long way to go to Denzuin in Koishikawa, please ride a little more, and I'll definitely send it to the front of Denzuin."
There was a person who shouted from the horse side again saying this.
"No, it's okay here, when I ask Kozukappara, there is a reason why I can't ride here. If this area is already a punishment place, I'm There is a reason why I have to thank Jizo-sama here. "
Kobozu tried to get off here no matter who said it.
Eventually, when the little priest carrying the big sword descended from the back of the horse and crawls in front of the eight-shaku stone Jizo-son at the yard of Kozukappara, it Uji Yamada's Yonetomo who saw it
"Oh, it's a speech from Kiyosumi."
Although he was exhausted, he carried a heavy sword on his back, and when he stumbled in front of Jizo, he prostrated there. Rather, it seems that it was crushed because of its heavy weight.
The crowd who saw it hurriedly evoked a speech and tried to carry it on horseback again, but the speech raised a powerless voice,
"Please forgive me, I'm exhausted, so I don't want to ride a horse anymore. Please rest for a while."
Benshin often reluctant to be put on a horse again, but many people
"Because it's a little more, be patient, you're the principal idol, if the principal idol isn't on the horse, the dancers won't compete, and I'll send you to the Denzuin, so be patient."
Attempts to squeeze the speech on the back of the horse. The defense is reluctant to do that. I'm so tired, and I don't know why I'm trying to carry a lot of people who don't like it. I stopped by. When Yonetomo squeezed people out, Doan, who was by his side, thought that he was changing again, and he stuck to Yonetomo with a stubborn face.
"Hey, aren't you Benshin?"
When Yonetomo said something like this, the speech was
"Yes, yes, I know who you were."
"I'm a US friend, I'm a friend."
"Oh, were you a friend? I haven't been to you since then, you're fine with good health, and I've been separated from you since then. I went to Ichigetsu-ji Temple in Kogane-gahara, Shimousa, but while I was at Ichigetsu-ji Temple, I was with Shigetaro Kiyosumi. 》 While I was thinking of doing it, I just got lost ... ”
Even in this case, the speech of the talking priest tries to speak the one-of-a-kind 《Ichibushiju》, so even the rice friends can't stand it.
"Mr. Benshin, I don't think it's a long time ago, you're weak and dying right now, what's the matter? Isn't it a long time ago? "
"Yes, that's right, Yuzo-san, I'm weakened as you can see, I'm dying, please help me."
"What's wrong, I don't know why, why should I help?"
"Mr. Yuzo, I don't want to ride a horse anymore. If you want to help me, please don't ride me on a horse. Don't ride a horse. I'd like you to take a rest somewhere while wearing the guardian of the thing "Oibutsu", everyone tries to put me on a horse and dance. I don't like it anymore, if I get on a horse, I'll die, I'll die on my back, please help me, don't put me on a horse anymore Thank you for your cooperation. "
There, Yonetomo finally lost track of it. I don't know, but for the time being, I thought that the urgent task was to let this little boy rest quietly somewhere instead of riding a horse.
Therefore, when Yonetomo was motivated to engage with a large number of people,
"So that's it……"
There was something that surprised people by saying "I see!" With a loud voice out of the figure behind the American friend. When everyone was surprised at the voice, it was Mr. Doan who was not a different person.
"Hey, you guys pulled this blind priest on a horse as a human sacrifice, but as you can see, it's weakened and exhausted. Isn't it cruel to try to put this on this Kamiuma? A long time ago, there was a stupid guy at the festival of Kanda, and a living doll was painted naked with lacquer. When I got on the floats and got on the floats, I was good at pulling people, and I was good at pulling people, but when I pulled it out and looked at it wholesale, there was a story that the doll was dead. If you're going to ride a couple of floats on a horse, you'll get stuck. Fortunately, as long as Doan passes by, you can't kill him before the business. In addition, I will hand it over to you again, so you guys, dance and wait here for a while, dance and wait so much that the dead people of Kotsukahara will come out ... By the way, you seem to be dancing and bouncing in the dark, but you probably don't know if you know the knack of dancing [# "kotsu" is a side point] or if you are dancing without knowing it. Ena. It seems that I want to say something like this, but even if it's wide in Japan, if there is a person who goes out to the right of Doan in Chojamachi, Shitaya at that time, I'll see this Doan's eyes. Seen from the perspective, your dance is sweet, and it doesn't become a thing. "
Doan, who stood on the pedestal of the stone Jizo statue and started giving a speech with the pretense of the poor group, derailed to a place where he did not fly.
In fact, from the perspective of Doan, who has reached the essence of the stupid dance "Bakamen Odori", the inconsistent, miscellaneous, bullshit that arose from the end of Koganegahara. Well, I may not be able to see the dance of these guys. If so, it's no wonder that Doan was instinctively motivated to enlighten this mob rule.
"In the first place, it is said that Ina Hanzaemon did it for political purposes, but it is not so if you ask Doan. Chiuko [#" Chiuko "is a side point] The idiots such as Matsudaira Dewamori of Unshu Matsue, Tsuchiya Sagamimori of Hitachi "Hitachi", and Miura Shimamori of Misaku "Misaka" Katsuyama put effort into Matsue style, Tsuchiya style, Miura. I made three styles of style, but the true intention of the idiot music does not appear in Totemo-sama's hobby. Next, when Hatamoto's second son, the third son, Yakuza [# "Yakuza" is a side point], and Fukagawa Hayashi, the gokenin of the Rakura [# "Norakura" side point] who lived in the main office will not lose. Then, I tried to make a gangster hayashi, but after all the true intention of the idiot hayashi couldn't be beaten with the raw white Hatamoto and the arm of the gokenin, so it soon returned to its original state. .. By the way, the origin of this is the traditional Tsubaeryu five musical accompaniment, but according to Doan, there is still a shortage. by the way……"
Doan became good at it and began to raise the spirit of idiot music. In this case, it seems that talking more than the talking shaven will start, so the short-tempered American friend is not standing still.
"Teacher, this boy will die if you don't care."
"Oh, that's right, human life is more important than stupid music, it's more important."
Doan hurriedly jumped from the top of the Jizo pedestal, joined forces with Yonetomo to squeeze the speech, and carried it to a nearby teahouse.
While Doan took the talking priest into the teahouse for medical treatment, the crowd standing outside was still dancing crazy, but after a while, the idol was not returned frequently. Request.
"Isn't it okay to return to the boy?"
The body surrounding the teahouse during the holidays was not calm from the beginning. By the way, Doan, who jumped out, appeared in front of the public's eyes.
"Now, you guys, I've tried various treatments for that little priest, but I'm in a state where I should rest for at least three days. I can't dance well without the dolls I pulled out. I'm also aware of Noko, so I'll lend you a new doll. This is a doll called Yonetomo, the right general of Kamakura. The shape is small, but the result is strong. Unlike the current talking puppet, it is not a substitute that breaks when it is squeezed [# "Iji"]. # Emphasis mark on "Iji"] If you don't like it, you'll get sick, and on the day you get sick, you won't be able to touch it. Ride on a horse and dance, dance. "
Although it was said that Doan provided Kamakura's right general, Yonetomo, instead of the talking priest, it was actually Ujiyamada's Yonetomo. Before I knew it, it seemed that Doan had convinced Yonetomo to take the place of the blind lawyer, including the cause and effect, and Yonetomo seemed to be content with trying to become their idol. However, Yonetomo did not appear there as it was. I put on the face of a tengu and put a quick-prepared paper helmet on my head, and on my back I carried the cane, which was previously carried by Benshin, on my back. After all, he appeared with a short round cane in his hand, so I thought it was a Kongo-zue. Then no one realizes that he is a US friend.
"Oyama Daisho Fudo Myoo"
There was something in the crowd that screamed and screamed.
"Minami 36 Doji, Ikeira Doji, Ubakiya Doji, Harara Doji, Ladara Doji"
There was also something that was in harmony with.
In short, this place only has to be strange. All I had to do was provide a doll that seemed to fit and put it on a horse, so the tengu side hit the figure.
"Oyama | Afuri-san" Daigongen, Daitengu, Kotengu, Young people in the town "
When Yonetomo rode a horse there, they became even more popular than when they had previously devoted a wilted little priest to a doll, and the dance fever added fire again.
"Oyama Daisho Fudo Myo, Sangezange Rokune Purification", Sangezange Rokune Purification "
In this way, the dance corps with the new hand "Arate" rushed out Kozukahara.
"Kamakura's right general, Yonetomo's entry"
If there was someone who called out loudly,
"Entering Yoritomo"
Some of them were the same without understanding. When this unfolds Kozukahara, the lovers who have heard from Minowa, Sanya, and Kanasugi gather together like a tide and dance. I did. There is no name for the difference between the song and the dance. Some praise Daisei Oyama, some sing Kamakura Bushi from being the right general of Kamakura, some growl boasting of woodworking, and some will consistently hit 300. The economy didn't look like a human business at all.
When this rumor echoed in Yoshiwara's palace, which is not far away, Yoshiwara's volunteers were encouraged to negotiate the road and bring it to Yoshiwara. It is a negotiation that I want.
It was difficult to get the appeal of Yoshiwara Yukaku, who was supposed to board the Denzuin all the time, and Daisei Oyama decided to hang up there for a while. At Yoshihara, we will entertain this party by pulling out the mirror of Otaru. The offer seems to rain.
I took a rest here for a while, and when it was time to leave, two children stood on the horse side of my friend, Umawaki. One of them is Kongara Doji, one is Seita Kadoji, and both of them are dressed as you can see in the picture. I have a feeling that I will try to catch it.
Uji Yamada's Yonetomo is too much to guess, so it's not interesting as a Yonetomo, and he sacrificed for a while to sneak up on horseback to replace his devotion, and Koishikawa's Denzuin. I thought that if I was sent to Denzuin for the time being, I would be able to complete all my duties, so I would like to get to Denzuin quickly without eating the grass and take the mask, but first of all. It was a hassle that I was invited by a devout person in Yoshihara and was no longer a retired "Noppiki".
They seem to believe that this dance party is the emergence of the Great Myojin of the world. Especially for the idols on horseback, which are being celebrated by the principal idol of the group, I don't know if they think that the Daitengu of the true truth is the Tengu. The hospitality is half thankful and half the fun, and it seems that I will be hoping for a visit from now on. Every time I was asked to stop by, the dancers had a lot of behavior, but it was Yonetomo who was finally annoying.
From the houses on both sides, it cannot be the purpose of throwing the twisted money on the paper, because everyone is thrown at the body of Yonetomo.
"Painful"
Yonetomo was sick and hurt, and the two children who stood beside the horse began to blow a flute with Hugh Hugh Hala Hala. The examination of the flute is really good. The dancers started dancing with the sound of the flute again.
At that time, on the other hand, in the Yoshiwara palace, many pieces of paper fall from the unexpected heavens like fluttering fluttering flowers, so some reach out from the balustrade and some Some went up to the roof, some went up to the clothesline again, picked up the piece of paper, and looked at it, all of which were new gods and Buddha bills. It was a fuss about the fact that I was suddenly asked to raise it to the Kamidana, and that I was offering miki.
For this, there must be some mastermind.
After that, the same infectious action as when the poor group once occurred occurred in the city of Edo. In the previous time, poor people gathered together and ate porridge, but this time they danced and danced in the dark. If you carry out the wooden sword of Mt. Ayori in the town of Kou, there is something in the town of Otsu that makes the lion head of the guardian. Yamabushi | There is also a case where a man with a body is put on a horse and a conch is blown to push it out. Just as the poor group was not good at it, so is the fashion of this dance. The face of the tengu on a single horse is not always sent to the Denzuin as the original purpose. It may be that you will be drawn around Edo 808 streets in good condition.
When the Kongara Doji and the Seita Kadoji blow the whistle, more than 20 young people wearing matching single clothes "Uchiwa" With this, both the tengu on the horse were erected from the front, back, left and right.
When Yoneto looked down at the young people who were enthusiastic about it, there was a surprisingly surprised person, so Yoneto stared at the man from the face of the tengu he wore.
The man in the same group of young people who was surprised by Yonetomo was one of the Ronin who chased away from Yonetomo's spear at the house in Aioi-cho, Honjo.
[# 9 indentation] 6 [# "6" is the middle heading]
Apart from that, there are Doan and Kiyosumi Shigetaro in the pillow of the talk "Shabe" and the priest's speech "Makuramoto" housed in the rest teahouse in front of the Kozukappara punishment. It's no wonder that Doan is there, but Shigetaro came out of the sword that Benshin carried on his back.
The exhausted Benshin indulged in a deep sleep that he didn't know before and after, but when he became Doan, Koganegahara's dance now went to the city of Edo. When I moved in, I didn't have to go to Koganegahara for a tour, and I couldn't overlook the future turmoil in the city of Edo. I decided to turn back with him. Fudoin's party decided to leave Yonetomo in Doan and go to Koganegahara to try a tentative inspection.
I put Benshin and Shigetaro in a basket, and when I returned to the mansion in Chojamachi, I returned to Doan, and soon after I turned back the gate tag that I had left outside, I was greeted by a sick person, so I immediately received it. I am going out.
The speech is sleeping like a dead one in a blink of an eye. While Shigetaro was following the pillow, he was bored and looked at the garden, and found that a plexus of bamboo was densely growing. When I saw the bamboo, Shigetaro couldn't stand it because he wanted to make a flute. I thought it was a bamboo that was ready to make a flute.
It is the boy's habit that he cannot stay still when he wants it. It is similar to Kiri "Hitoyogiri".
I put it on my lips, smiled alone, and tried to play it as I wanted to enjoy it, but then, as if I was afraid to surprise the sleeping speech, the sleeping face of the speech I looked at it.
I can't help but think that I actually sleep well. I was pushed into that narrow sword and swayed through the back of the horse, but I didn't feel sleepy, and I didn't feel tired, but Benshin-san's sleepiness and tiredness were quite good. When it was terrible, I looked at it like this. However, because I remember going to the sea, I have a longer breath than the average person, and I was born so that I couldn't sleep overnight, but all the people in the world do. is not it. So, I went out to the corridor again with the desire to try and play this whistle for a while without worrying about myself so as not to disturb the sleep of the speech. When I went out into the corridor, I was still worried that the sound would surprise the speech.
When I went down to the garden with a whistle and looked up at the ladder that leaned against the eaves, I admitted that a turret was built high on the roof.
I thought it was too expensive for a clothesline, but I thought it would be a good idea to blow a whistle over there.
This turret is a remnant of the turret that Dr. Doan built in order to promote the idiot music "Bakabayashi" in opposition to Tanukibayashi.
Shigetaro went up to the turret on the roof to blow the whistle, but many people were gathering in the hall of the palace of the great exhaustion, looking down from there. I can.
If you look at it, it's still dancing. Moreover, all of them are dancing with glittering people.
Shigetaro, carrying a flute, was amazed at the people who loved to dance, and was looking at the hall.
The people who danced from Koganegahara are the people's class. They dance without dislike when they climb up to Nobo [# "Nobo"], so they end up being tied up [# "Fun" as an emphasis]. The people dancing here are not tied up no matter how wrong they are, so men and women hug each other and dance actively.
The old man said that we wouldn't dance even though we whistled, but even if we didn't blow the whistle, it would be enough to dance inside and outside. When Shigetaro saw it, he wondered why all the fine people could have a good year, bite and hug each other, and dance without hesitation. But these people never do idiot dances in the dark, as the popular class does. Since everyone is doing it for a very noble purpose of donating the admission fee made in this way to charity, Shigetaro says that the nature of dancing by biting and hugging is naturally different. I don't know, so I just carry a whistle and stare at it.
Well, I thought that if I blow one whistle here, I can certainly surprise those people. I didn't come to blow to surprise people, but to avoid people, but when this happened, Shigetaro was a gentleman and a lady who had exhausted the beauty of the dancing house. For that reason, I aroused the desire to blow. No matter what I played, I was tilting my neck for a while while singing.
Two pigeons fly in front of Shigetaro, who is wondering what to blow out. Upon seeing it, Shigetaro suddenly took the whistle again and blew it.
Along with the sound of the whistle, strangely, the two pigeons that were about to fly suddenly turned their wings and returned to the top of the turret.
Then, when Shigetaro blows the whistle, a large number of pigeons appear from behind the headband of the dozo, under the roof tiles, and between the eaves, and onto the turret where Shigetaro stands. It is strange that they finally come together.
Shigetaro's foot clapping is interesting, and if he keeps blowing, the gathered pigeons will jump to the left and right, and the shape will be strange, just like dancing. Then some are grabbed by Shigetaro's shoulders and separated, and some seem to play around Shigetaro's surroundings.
While it was finally blowing, sparrows also gathered. Crows are also coming. The only bird that dances beside Shigetaro is the pigeon, and the other birds are onigawara on the roof and the shape of the birds gathering on the ridge and looking at them with their necks aligned is very strange. It is a thing.
Also, the chicken that was picking up food in the yard fluttered its wings. The chickens that are standing or standing are strange as they try to jump high to the top of the turret and frustrate the lack of strength of their wings, but at last the chickens step by step on the ladder. It looks like it's coming up. While I was watching, the top of the turret became a pie with countless birds.
People who pass by the table stop and look on the roof of this house. Whether it's in the garden of the house in the back or in the hall, I can't help but admit the body of this.
"Shigeru-chan, if you blow the whistle again, it will make a noise."
The speech that I thought was asleep spoke from the garden below.
Returning to the story, Yuzuru Yamazaki and Shichibei are looking at the number of people who came out from Koganegahara at a teahouse in Hirokoji, Asakusa.
"It's a great economy."
"It's a great economy, but I think it's the upper" Kamigata "emphasis mark [#" Emphasis mark "isn't it."
"Left, this one is still more relaxed than that."
"Recently, Kamigata has become more popular than Kanto."
"Maybe that's right, isn't it? [# Aside from" Emphasis mark "] Where did the turmoil come from?"
"I don't know where it came from, but it seems that God's bill started to fall from heaven, so I'm sorry, so it's just like a Bon festival dance. In addition, if you dance at a fixed time, whether it's morning or noon, whether you're busy with your business, whether you're busy or not, you've started dancing, but at the end it seems like a madness. I couldn't touch it because it would be. I saw it when I crossed Iga from Ise, because it is still difficult for a woman to be a man alone, a woman dances naked in the daytime. It's only a matter of time since I'm walking around. It seems that when humans get together and become popular, they're going upside down and humans are separated. To Edo, I don't want to make such things popular. "
"Yeah, when it comes to fashion, the popularity is completely different. Nowadays, the same thing is said for the" modern "Joi, and if you can't do that, you have to say that. I know I'm not human. The trendy ones are totally annoying. "
"It's not just above, it means that things like that were popular in the past, even around Mt. Tsukuba in Hitachi, the country of the teacher."
"It's an old thing, it's called Utagaki, and it's a dance that is mixed up with men and women. 》 It ’s a little more fashionable than the stuff. ”
"In Ise no Kuni, there was a concubine [#" Tsuto "with an emphasis mark], and when I came to the house where I usually hide important things, I danced in large numbers. I go in and take out the important things and see them, but it seems that there are people who are weakened by seeing their cherished daughters and concubines. "
"At the lantern festival of Rokusho Myojin in Fuchu, Musashi, at a certain time, all the lights of the town called" Akari "are turned off, and the gathered things get mixed up and dance. Falcon"
"Yes, I've been there before."
"Human beings are made to want to dance, it's not just a man who has a fever, a woman will come out and dance, so a fever will come out. I'm going to do it. "
"That's right. When I looked up, I didn't see a woman dancing naked. I don't want a woman to go out and dance too much. The dance is also graceful and elegant, and I'm sorry for the inconvenience, but I'm not impressed with the dance of [# "Ei-naka" is a side point]. In Western countries, even people of Elai status have a night party and dance with men and women at night, but the imitation is popular in Japanese land as well. Thank you, when the world is over, things that aren't popular will not be popular. "
"Someone is behind me and I'm afraid."
When Shichibei and Yamazaki were talking about this, they were rubbed in the middle of the crowd, and the face of a tengu riding a horse appeared.
"Oh, I'm making a noise with a good feeling by celebrating that kind of wooden figure boy."
The two are looking at the human sacrifice on horseback bitterly, with a laughing face of 10 million.
[# 9 indentation] Seven [# "Seven" is the middle heading]
"Mr. Left, I don't mean to say anything, but I know that you probably came to Aioi-cho, the main office. It's a premature ejaculation, and I haven't swallowed the weather of the teacher well yet, but my teacher is quite a [# "emphasis mark"] person. And then again, I have a lot of mercy on things. I and another Shigetaro are living there, but it can be said that they are the parents of life. From beginning to end, I drink alcohol and make jokes, but doctors are certainly good at it, and they clearly say that things that heal can be healed and things that can't be healed can't be healed. Is the proof above all. I am impressed that the teacher is aware of the distinction between what is healed by human work and what cannot be done without the power of the gods and Buddha. .. To tell the truth, human beings never die from illness, they all have a lifetime, and they are the lodging business of the previous life. Therefore, what is wrong with the world who trusts a doctor too much is the same as what does not trust a doctor. Also, my teacher puts up 18 sentences of Yakurei, which seems to be stingy, but it cannot be done. Originally, the business of a doctor is not a business that can make so much money.If a doctor makes a million yen in a generation, he cannot do good for the child, doctors and others. A shaved person deals with human life, so if you don't make it as clean as possible, people's thoughts will be [# "taka" as an emphasis]. If you say something like this, you might laugh at it as a superstition, but that's the truth. However, what is regrettable to my teacher is to drink alcohol. There is also a drinking command "Onjukai" in Brahmakyo "Bonmokyo", and alcohol causes negligence. It is said that if you spend a bowl of sake from your own hands and give it to a person to drink alcohol, you will not be able to do it until the 500th generation. When I tell the teacher about that, he said that the world is peaceful because Doan is drinking alcohol, and when Doan stops drinking, the world is disturbed, so he drank alcohol to help people. Because you say that you are out, I can't even connect the second arrow. Well, please wait a little longer, and we are actually waiting for dinner with Shigetaro. Nani, we've already made a set, but I don't think it's okay to have it before the teacher, so we're both waiting for you without having dinner yet, but when I don't know if I'll be back, so I'm about to go out for a bit of extra work, thank you. "
The talking priest's speech went out to Doan's mansion with a cane, saying so much in a breath.
It was that evening that the sound of Biwa was heard leaking from the mansion of an old woman in Aioi-cho, the main office.
Some people who pass the road bother to stop and listen to the sound. Some people just listen and pass by. The daughters in the mansion also unexpectedly heard the sound and listened to it unusually. The sound of the Biwa is a genuine Satsuma Biwa sound, but many people say that they don't know what it is.
When I heard the reputation of people standing outside and listening, I said that it would be a shamisen at first. Eventually, some people said it was a koto, not a shamisen. Some people canceled it if it wasn't a koto. Some added that he might be playing a koto song, but no one asserted that this was Biwa.
"As you all know, that is the Yokobiwa, which is one of the Biwas of the Chijinmoso, a priest who is popular in Satsuma. Why is that? If you know, I know Heike Biwa a little. As you know, there are various kinds of Biwa, Myon Biwa, Heike Biwa, Aragami Biwa, Jigami Blind Monk. Biwa …… Although there are various names, there is only one source. ”
The people who were asking me to stop by were surprised that a little priest jumped out of an unexpected place and gave an unquestioned explanation.
The talking priest continued, like the sea moon floating in the sea, in the dark of the alley 《Koji》, he shook his head 《Honen Atama》.
"At the beginning of my learning of Biwa, my master told me that Satsuma's Biwa is like this. In that country, Biwa was popular among the Osamurai, and I put two of them. It seems that there are many people who carry Biwa on their backs, so Satsuma no Kuni Biwa is a brave one with a samurai style, which is quite different from the Heike Biwa we learned. However, there is only one source, and Satsuma's Biwa is also from the Jigami Blind Monk, so I listened to it in this way. More and more, I often think of it. D. What do you say about the earth god blind priest? The earth character of the earth god is the character of the earth of heaven and earth. The word "God of God", the blindness of a blind priest is blind, the priest is a priest of the ancestor, the earth god is the god of the earth, and the blind priest is an invisible shaven like we saw. That's it. "
When the talking priest said, for the first time, people thought that this priest was blind, and looked into that aspect as serious. The lawyer, who had no idea even if he was peeked at, saw that the audience was quiet and continued to talk.
"In the first place, this Biwa was started by Tenjiku's Myonten. Myonten started Biwa, but this Myonten was also blind. That's right. That's why this Myonten-sama is the guardian deity of the earth god blind priest, and when we also play the Biwa, that Myonten-sama is the principal image. Another theory is that one of the disciples of Shaka-sama was a satori priest, Gankutsusonja, who was also blind. By the way, I feel sorry for Shaka-sama. I feel sorry for you because you can't see, but you may open your mind instead. If you open your mind and enter enlightenment, you will be able to see the same eyes, so you will be in trouble with the five greed. I was taught that I am far happier than those who are lost, so the priests of the cave were devoted to their training and finally opened their eyes. When I opened my eyes, Myon Bensaiten pulled the fifteen children and gave Biwa's Myon song to the Iwagaku priest in front of Shaka-sama. There was a king who said "Kaiou", and his successor "Yotsugu" was said to be "Gunara Taishi". I was born with a prince of a country, but what is the cause and effect? This person suddenly became annoyed and ended up with the same blindness as us. Even the one who governs Shikai is drifting like us. Even if you're a little priest, the world is dark if you can't see ... "
"Oh, it's raining."
The suspicious sky had fallen apart from before, so the gathered things were screaming. Then, the talk of the blind lawyer became a paragraph, and the people who were willing to get wet began to go back and forth.
"Have you, Mr. Doan of Chojamachi, are you still in the mansion, or have you returned?"
The appearance of Benshin appeared at the front gate and asked for guidance after that, but there was no response for a while. I didn't get a reply, but I believed that my visit had reached the back, and the defense waited without any further reminders. After all, there was a person who came to pick me up across the corridor.
"Oh, did you say that you were Benshin-san? You also play Biwa, right now, a person who is good at Biwa has come here, too. You are listening, and the teachers and everyone are telling us that you should come to that seat, please come up. "
It was Omatsu who came all the way to pick up the speech from the back.
"Is it Mr. Left? Actually, I was just asking outside, and if you tell me that, I would like to hope or come true. This is my favorite road, so I will go up without hesitation. "
Benshin left the cane and went up to the front door.
Eventually, when the speech was guided to the hall, I couldn't see it because the speech was blind. I guess, a lot of people gathered in the hall and played the biwa. The person who is in the hall knows that he is in the middle of the hall. So, naturally, we can see that all the listeners are sitting around it, leaning against pillars, and behind shoji screens and Karagami.
The speech was invited after Mr. Doan, who was waiting for him, and whether he was listening or taking a nap, he plausibly turned down. I was refraining from it.
The speech that sat quietly next to Doan, as before, I heard that only Biwa, who had no song, was played by the hands of an experienced person. When I hear that, I can almost imagine the age of the person playing it. You can also see that he is not a young person, he is a very old man at an age, so he is a person who plays Biwa and does not sing. It seems that he knows to play Biwa, which does not need to be sung, rather than not being able to sing. Benshin found it even more interesting, and when he finally set up his seat, put himself in, and tried to listen carefully, he was struck by the strange odor rising from the middle of the room.
Benshin, who had a keen sense of smell as well as a keen sense of intuition, forgot to even hit the sound of his favorite Biwa, and was fascinated by the strange odor that rose.
"Oh"
At that time, the lord of Biwa, Nushi, changed. The one song that I played only Biwa and didn't dare to sing ended with that, and the new substitute sat down at the same place and started singing to Xu "Omomuro", which is the first stage of "Kizakihara". The seats are finally quiet.
The song "Kizakihara" is an important song for the Shimazu family in Satsuma. When listening to Kizakihara, the feudal lord also sits down and puts his hands on his lap and listens happily. Therefore, not to mention the people who play it, all the people who gather here have paid a great deal of respect, and the seats have finally become quiet.
It is the same as before that only Michian-sensei is still looking down and refraining from knowing whether he is listening or taking a nap. Depending on how you look at it, this teacher's personality is that he sometimes looks down and bites and kills yawns.
Kizakihara's Biwaka is a tribute to the Shimazu clan's ancestors, and the first stage of the song is such a phrase.
[# Indent from here]
"To see the phenomenon of the world, there is a joy in the house of Sekizen, there is a mourning in the house of evil, and it is this Michiya who should refrain from" more ", here is Hizo Satsumi. Shimazu, the guardian of the state | Jyo >> The 16th generation of Saemonnojo from Tadahisa, the master of Bunbu Nido, if you pat the top and the bottom, and if you do it rightly, the Navi Kansagi will be absent, and the younger brother will Hyogo head "Hyogo no Kami" Chuhei, Saemonnojo Toshihisa, Nakatsuka Saifu Iehisa, all of whom are famous generals of Bunbu, and other than that, the children of the family | Until now, if everyone encourages loyalty, there will be no envy of the rare fruits of ancient times, even those of other countries in the vicinity ... "
[# End of indentation here]
In this way, it is a hymn of the landlord of Satsuma, so it is natural that something related to Satsuma must pay a lot of respect when listening to this song.
In this way, the troupe came to hit the water, and the singers' motivation finally became 昂 《Aga》.
[# Indent from here]
"His and Her Circumstances, Shimadzu-den, is the end of Emperor Seiwa, and Mitsunaka Tada, who honors the house of Yumiya, and makes his political path wise. Heba …… ”
[# End of indentation here]
The speech of the blind lawyer, Mekurahoshi, who had been squeezing his nose from the beginning when he was struck by the big dryness, finally shook his head back and forth and left and right, just like invisible eyes. Only the behavior that seems to be trying to find something is very noticeable.
I don't know if this speech is good or bad, as if it were a self-proclaimed one, but since I know the way to do it, it's more benign, both in terms of etiquette and hobbies. I should have done it, but it seemed that I couldn't bear it at last,
"Oh, everyone, I'm very sorry for the time between the songs, but I could say to you."
In the middle of the Biwa song, an unfamiliar little priest in the corner of the seat shouted out.
"Rebuke"
There was a person who scolded me, but Benshin didn't even hear it.
"If you guys, you can smell the gunpowder, you can smell the smoke in this room."
When the words didn't end, this room was torn and flew with a roaring sound, and it was a Yanari tremor.
This unexpected event in the middle of a quiet song cannot help surprise the whole troupe. It is interesting to say that it is interesting to say that the surprise of the brave heroes who gathered at least thirty people, and the fact that each one is demonstrating its individuality. Some jumped back for a couple of minutes and set out to pull out their swords. Some people try to squeeze down [# "Tsukubaru" as an emphasis mark] and look at the enemy's breathing while sinking. Some also try to sneak up on the boy in the line and suffer the calamity that falls on him.
However, no one knew the cause of this unexpected event. It wasn't that the rebels Muhonnin sneaked into this mansion, nor was the rebellion discovered and the hands were crowded, just one bullet-of course, a kettle. The bullet of the rifle, not the Tama, exploded from under the kettle in the brazier, smashing the air here.
Human life was not as injured as dew, and the only sacrifice was the kettle in the brazier. However, even a single bullet of a rifle is in a place where it shouldn't be, and it must be said that it was a terrible event that it was fired in a place where it shouldn't be.
Because of this event, the fact that the daily tastes of the people gathered were manifested blatantly is like a test. It wasn't unsightly to show the margin as I said before, but no one was really upset and crawl on all fours. There is none. In particular, Mr. Doan seemed to have fallen asleep until then, and as soon as the sound occurred, the fragile spider turned over, and it was only one. It is ugly to have somersaults at once, then roll out to the corner of the corridor and relax. The Benshinboshi, who gave the first warning, saw the explosion and wrapped his head in the sleeves of his clothes and sank into the spot.
What I looked up at was an old man from Biwa who was playing a song from Kizakihara, and because of this unforeseen event, the plucked mackerel did not go crazy, and he sang the song. There is no stagnation in the word "word". The form of sitting on the dead field after the wind blows and continuing to play the song as obedience is wonderful.
So, the troupe immediately returned to their seats as before, and instead of trying to pay for the ash kagura that struck them, they regained their seats and continued to bullet. I started listening to Kizakihara's song that continues.
So the explosion and the dismay that arose from that explosion were just a momentary sight, the seats returned to the same quietness as before, and the Biwa bullets took even more courage to successfully complete the first stage of Kizakihara. I've talked about it.
For the first time after the song was over, everyone took a breather, and when they looked at the cause of the unexpected camellia that had just happened, they hung up the sacrificed kettle and used it as a brazier. Masumitsu is the one that scrapes the ashes of the brazier.
There was a bullet in the brazier in order to crush the troupe's daring "Aragimo". I thought that there was a mischievous person who tried to laugh at the dismay of the troupe when it came out. Then, I wondered who the mischief was, probably the work of Masumitsu, who was hanging a kettle and smiling.
The place was all about mischief, but from the next day, a council to try this kind of mischief toward the center of Edo and see the dismay in the city was a noisy mansion. It's not calm when it comes to being done in.
It is not limited to this mansion that it is not calm. Around this time, the world is like that. It is a lie-like truth that even the mansion of Mr. Doan in Chojamachi, who should always be carefree, is being attacked by this uneasy cloud. The teacher is still the same, but there is only one thing that his minions can't sleep with their pillows raised. It's nothing else, and I don't know when the mullet Chidaijin, who went abroad, will never come back. Whenever I come back, this festive celebration will be held at the palace next door. At that time, considering the regret that you have to hold your finger and look at it, it is no wonder that the subordinates are enthusiastic. So, from now on, I have to think about a policy to counter it, and the body of Doan's minions struggling without sleeping at night is the other eye. Is also pathetic.
[# 9 indentation] Eight [# "eight" is the middle heading]
Somei's monster mansion is also a monster mansion, and Kamio Shuzen hasn't lifted his pillow yet due to the injury of the well fishing bottle "Idotsurube" at that time, and he is lying down and burning. The scratches on the peony mochi size Botamochi on the eyebrows were adhered, but the unsightly traces of Konseki could not be removed by wiping or scraping.
And sometimes I remember biting my teeth,
"Where did he lose the talking priest?"
It's a way of swearing that you want to split it into eight pieces before catching it. There is a grudge in the defense, but Kamio's work is nothing more than his own business, but the upside-down grudge is so deep in his bones that he seems to be a fate. Akekure hated and resented his speech, but after that, his speech did not return to his storehouse again. Not only will the speech not return, but Ryunosuke, who came out with it, will not come back again. It seems that Ogin-sama repeats the process of hikikomori in the dozo, piercing blood with a needle, and copying the sutras as before.
One night, Kamio Shuzen called Fukumura, who was in the pillow, like a humor, and said,
"Fukumura, these days, like every night, don't let raccoon dogs get into this mansion."
"Raccoon dog?
"When I wake up in the middle of the night, I hear the footsteps of a raccoon dog, and when I listen carefully, it seems to sneak away, I heard the footsteps until two nights. At this rate, I'll be coming tonight, I'll try to catch it, but I can only hear the footsteps and my body isn't good. "
"It's not calm, why did the general hear the footsteps of a raccoon dog? If it's a raccoon dog, it's like a raccoon dog, if it's a human, it's like a human being."
Fukumura looked away like now. There is an example of silk in the distance.
Fukumura was careful, but instead of hearing the footsteps of the raccoon dog that night, I heard the sound of the raccoon dog 《Tanukibayashi》 not far away.
The next night, the sound of the musical accompaniment echoed lively from the evening. Even in the neighborhood of this mansion, the traditional dance has become popular.
"Noisy peasants, go and stop it."
Kamio Shuzen wanted to burn the hayashi in the sickbed, but the other people were rather highlighted by the hayashi.
When the dancers came to the front of this monster mansion and started dancing again there
"Noisy"
Although only Kamio was impatient, the other people were amused and saw it.
The silk that was away cannot stay still. I was watching the dance from the fence with my maid, but I was caught in the fun and went out to the front of the gate.
"There was certainly Yawata Inari in this mansion, let's dance in front of Inari."
"Let's hope for that"
The same group was dancing, and it got crowded into the monster mansion. Of course, it is a rough mansion that looks like a shape, so the gates and fences cannot be tightly closed. The crowded people in the mansion danced toward the garden, lowered the lanterns, and began to dance.
The annoying people actually wanted to dance with a lot of fun because it was so interesting, but when Kamio Shuzen heard the noise, he turned upside down.
"Who told me to enter this mansion, turn back"
Although he was screaming alone, no one was able to deal with it.
The same group who brought in will work on their hands and dance to Sanzan with the help of the trees here and the artificial hills of Kashiko. At first, many people wore cheek crowns, but someday they also fell off, and eventually they danced without knowing that their obi had unraveled and fell. Some women went crazy.
"Dance the mansion, let's dance together."
The dance troupe must involve all of the sights in the dance. Since it is involved, the same group will naturally grow.
"Thank you for your hard work, please come and dance tomorrow, I'm waiting."
When it was near dawn and the dance was about to start, the silk greeting was like this. So, no, it doesn't mean that the next night, the same dance will not be carried in.
The next night, when the same group came in, they came in, but to my surprise, many of them wore paper fox faces. That is.
"From now on, I will go to the prince's costume Enoki and dance, everyone, come later."
If people wearing fox masks danced lightly in front of this ghost mansion, they wouldn't go inside the mansion tonight. Perhaps I'm going to go to Prince Inari's costume Enoki and Yara and dance to Sanzan.
The next day, it got a big reputation. It is rumored that the foxes of Kanhachishu will gather under the costume of the prince Inari. Therefore, it is rumored that the fox fire will continue like a torch from all directions. It is rumored that people gathering from nearby areas, including the city of Edo, are like clouds to see it. Eventually, people and foxes started dancing together, and rumors spread that people started dancing without knowing whether they were foxes or foxes.
Looking at this, this year is certainly a good harvest. The reason why many foxes gather in costumes in this way is that each fox wants an official position, and dancing with humans is because both humans and foxes have entered the Hexagram. It is a good interpretation of that. Tonight is even more prosperous than last night, and it has a reputation for having people and fox dances like every night.
When Okin, who was away from the ghost mansion, heard its reputation, he picked up the fox face he received last night and talked to the maid about it, but tonight he decided to go to the prince Inari. It is a consultation.
When I heard that silk went out to dance the prince Inari, I didn't invite him, but the gokenin-collapsed people who were present at the monster mansion decided to apply for my companion. became. There are more than 10 people just going out from here.
When I tried, the only one left in the mansion was Kamio Shuzen. They had the main set drink alcohol-not that the main set had been drunk since last night and now it's good to have a good night's sleep. I gave them a good place to put them down [# "put them down" and put them on the sidelines], and everyone went out. When this happens, these guys are pretty ruthless.
The eyes were awakened and Kamio Shuzen steadily called for water. But nothing brings water. No one will reply.
Kamio screamed constantly on the bed. No matter how much you yell, there is no human in this monster mansion only tonight, so Kamio's yelling is nothing more than an empty thunder. If you drink a lot of liquor, there will be a moe of liquor, and the liquor you drank is not awakened. It was. He crawled out of the sickbed, stepped on a dangerous foot, and took out the spear on the long press. It is Kamio's habit to take a spear when he goes upside down.
"Noisy, everyone, what's so funny and dancing?"
I squeezed my spear and flew down from the porch to the garden. However, no one can stop saying that there is a danger only tonight. Kamio Shuzen, who had begun to rage, rushed into the stone lantern in the garden with this hand spear. If it hits the stone lantern seriously, the tip of the spear will break sharply, but since it spilled over the roof of the lantern, the main set was hit by the stone lantern. , * [# "Tehen + Do", 4th level 2-13-41] "How" and fell back.
Kamio Shuzen gets up and thrusts the nearby plants into a mess. The stone lanterns and standing trees all look like humans to the eyes of the main set, and fortunately they are hitting them, and the fact that they are prone to them seems to be not a little devoted to their excitement. Fortunately or unfortunately, no matter how raging it is, the other party is a stone lantern and a plant, so even if there is an answer, there is no way. Besides, since the whole family is out of the office, there is no one who tries to take control of it when it is rough as much as you want, so Kamio Shuzen should show the drunkenness and frenzy as he wishes. Is done. In the meantime, human violence is limited, even though the other party is completely reluctant. If you leave it alone, you will naturally get tired and the violence itself will sink into non-resistance. Kamio is finally tired like cotton. Still, as I wanted to drink water, I still had the instinct to go to the well.
I followed up to the well, pumped up the water in the dark, put my mouth on the fishing bottle "Tsurube" and drank it, but as I drank it loosely, I drunk the remaining water from my head. "Turnip"
"Oh, I have a good feeling."
Next, the fishing bottle was unwound and pumped up, and the water was covered from the head again with a counterbore.
"What a good feeling!"
It is not sane to wholesale a fishing bottle and pump up two or three cups, cover it from the head, cover it from the head, and then pump it up again. Five, ten, and fifteen cups are pumped and covered, and each time they are covered and pumped, the car in the car well makes a loud noise and squeaks to the point of burning. On the second floor of the dozo in the garden, not far away, there is a silver-sama who hates the sound of this car well, and if there is, he must have stabbed his blood and wrote his sutras.
Whenever I looked into the well every time I drew the water, Kamio Shuzen was so angry that the blood vessels were torn.
"Talking shaven, come out"
Angry. It is true that there is a talking priest at the bottom of this well in the eyes of the main set, and it seems that he sees himself as a slapstick by tapping his mouth.
"Speaking priest, your words are still unpleasant in my ears, and I'm dying for 10 million, probably no one in my life is as unpleasant as you. When I remember you, flesh emerges from my bones. Recall that the voice that keeps talking until it is thrown into the well remains in my ears as if it had been lost from the bottom of hell. I'm dying to touch the ears, I can't pull you out and rub your bones and body all at once, and I can't put this hell in it. "
Kamio Shuzen said this and stepped on the groundwork while constantly pumping up water and wearing it. Each time, the grudge against the speech is like a bone marrow, which makes you fight.
At that time, Gin-sama was the only one who was copying the sutras in the dozo. I stabbed my body with a needle, and carefully copied each character of the Hokkekyo with the blood, and when I reached the point where "I am here, I am calm, I am full of heavenly people", the car As the well started to squeak, Ogin-sama shook his body and put the brush down.
"Talking shaved"
A voice that seemed to be slaughtered in Kamio's world touched the silver-sama's earlobe with the sound of the unpleasant midnight car well, and it was that that appeared in front of the silver-sama. It is not the appearance of the talkative priest's speech, but the appearance of his mistress, Kouchi, who died sideways with an unspeakable grudge in response to the terrible massacre in Koshu.
"Lady, don't you feel sorry for Kouchi? If you feel sorry for Kouchi, why don't you kill Kamio Shuzen, defeat Kamio? I have a grudge against Kouchi's death, and even though I told him not to take the heavens, he was in the same mansion as Kamio Shuzen, who killed me. Is it okay to live, and do you think that Kouchi's resentment left in the world will disappear? Even now, Kamio Shuzen is still afflicting me, the sound of that car well is squeaking. Every time I rake, my bones and flesh are worn away, so if you feel sorry for me even after you die, please stop the sound of that car well. Oh, it's painful, I'm going to the bottom of hell, scratching my bones and flesh with an iron rake for Kamio's main set. "
In Ogin-sama's ears, the sound of the car well and Kamio's angry sound were united and Kouchi echoed as a grudge.
"I don't like the sound of that car well, I don't like hearing that sound late at night."
Ogin-sama closed his eyes and tried not to look at Kouchi's image, "Omokage", and closed his ears to hear the sound of the car well. However, the car well squeaked more than once, and Kamio's angry screamed so violently that he took off both hands of the silver-sama who was blocking his ears.
"Even if you sleep or wake up, your talk is irresistible to touch the spear, come out of the well, or is it hidden in the dozo, or if it is hidden in the dozo, the door of the dozo Let's break it down and kill it with this spear. "
Kamio Shuzen, who smashed into the well, picked up the spear he had thrown away and rushed towards this storehouse.
Kamio Shuzen pulled the sliding door of the dozo roughly, but it was a wholesale lock from the inside, and it was not easy to pull or push it.
The main set that was furious each time began to collide with Doshin Doshin in front of the door. At the end, the spear's ridge hangs through the door. However, unlike ordinary shutters, once the locks are wholesaled from the inside, they cannot be destroyed from the outside even with violent force.
Although he used his own violence, Kamio was finally in a rage because he wasn't surprised, but the rage was mischievous, and at this time, Ogin-sama could afford to sneer at Kamio's wasteful efforts. Had The silver-sama was laughing at Kamio's main set, which was crazy in front of the door, with an attitude of being scorned that if it could be torn, it should be torn.
The pride of Ogin-sama does not last for a long time. Although it has lost common sense, the wisdom of violence works at the time of violence.
"Shaved, talking shaved, don't hold it inside, it's a small guy, don't hold it firmly, remember, I'll open it up now."
Kamio Shuzen said this and stopped the violence for a while, so the silver-sama has a feeling that he should not look at it. That's because I thought that Kamio Shuzen, who was exhausted, thought that he was a sloppy line, which he said from his regret. I thought it would be a bad idea to pull it up with this slogan and go back to the main building "Omoya" and fall asleep.
Kana can be fulfilled, and after that, there is no sound of hitting the door, no pushing or pulling, and no unreasonable noise like pushing a spear into a gap and trying to open it. However, just because you can't hear the noise like the one on the left does not mean that Kamio Shuzen left this place and repatriated to the main building. Kamio Shuzen still wanders around the dozo, staggering his feet and getting drunk eyes * [# "eyes + 爭", 3rd level 1-88-85] "Miha", one hand with a spear In addition, I frequently collect things from around there. The things that are being scraped up are the dead leaves of cedar, the branches of trees, and the broken bamboo that have fallen in the rough garden. With a dangerous hand, I scraped it up and brought it to the front of the storehouse, and piled it up in the dark, so I made it like a small mountain.
"Fortune-telling!"
Finally, Kamio Shuzen threw a spear and held it with both hands with a bundle of firewood. It was because he found a bundle of firewood that had been piled up high in the eaves of the storehouse, and when he found it, Kamio just occupied it, threw a spear, held it one by one, and piled it up in front. It stands on dead leaves and tree branches from the left and right.
When the time was good, the main set picked up the spear that had been thrown out, without obeying the true nature.
"Buddhist, remember, don't regret it because I'll open it up now."
Saying this, this time, I can hear the footsteps of leaving in front of this dozo and heading towards the main building.
Since Ogin-sama doesn't understand Kamio's behavior, I thought that it would be a regrettable line, "Sutezerifu", and I was still sneering for seven minutes, but after a while, I heard the footsteps again. I put it out, so I thought it was ok. Even so, I thought that I was obsessive, exhausted, and ran away to the main house and fell asleep with a hidden line of telephony, but it surely came again.
"Come on, how about you, the talking shaven, I'll burn you to death with this candle."
The silver who heard that voice couldn't help but rise. In fact, Kamio Shuzen went to the main building and lit a candle. When I realized that I was really collecting the materials to burn the door of this dozo, I never liked it.
It is true that the Kamio main set was made by stripping the candles that were brought into the lanterns, plunging them into the piled up dead leaves, tree branches, and firewood, and starting to light them. And that's why the silver-sama who was aware of it isn't standing still.
I thought it was something that the main set was likely to do. Kamio can't do that much when he is disturbed by alcohol and shows his terrible ninsho. Also, only in such cases, the fear of Ogin-sama is not deeper because he knows the character of Kamio, who was able to work only with wisdom that is convenient for inciting ninsho. There is no such thing.
This dozo is one-sided. If the fire is lit in front, you cannot escape to the back. You can't run by kicking it horizontally or vertically. There is a window on the second floor, but it has a muscular iron streak and an iron net. If you run away, now is the time. There is no other way or means than to push the door open from the inside and break through it before the fire has yet to rise. There is no doubt that the wise silver will not notice it. Of course, if you start running again at the same time, you must be prepared to get caught in Kamio's net. It seems that Kamio hates the defense of the blind lawyer, but when this happens, I don't think there should be a prey. When it is possible to break through the front of the dozo, Kamio's spear tip is waiting. Will you stay here until the end and burn to death, or will you try to break through in a momentary battle? The silver dressed up quickly. At the same time, I can hear Kamio laughing loudly.
"Ahahahaha, this is the suffering of fire water" Himizu ", the one who is thrown into the water and can't get rid of it burns to death in the fire, the talking priest, can't he still come out? "
You can hear the crackling and burning sound of the fire. You can also hear the rustling of puss and dead leaves. The front of the dozo is double-stretched with a very thick plate, and there is a muscular iron "streak" inside, and the upper part is finally a lattice that allows the sunlight to pass through. I don't think it's easy to burn through, but since the opponent is a fire, it will burn anything if a considerable amount of time and force is applied. By the time it burns, it is clear that the storehouse is filled with smoke and one must suffocate for the smoke before it burns to death.
The dressed silver-sama had no sense of what to bring at this time. With a single wakizashi that I touched, I ran down the ladder on the second floor of the dozo.
"Speaking shaven, if you have any complaints, try talking the most here, it's been dry for a long time, so it burns nicely with a red tongue out, thrown into the bottom of the well and miss the fire, It's better to suffer inside, for you, this face has a big wound that can't be born, and that's what I hate, so burn it well and get stuck. "
Kamio Shuzen is a wet body, and he is delighted when he wants a burning fire, and when he thrusts the spear's ridge in his hand into the fire, he floats firewood and tries to fuel the fire.
It was at this time that the silver-sama, who was wearing a turnip from his head, pushed the door open from the inside and jumped out into the burning fire with the momentum of a rabbit. There is.
"Heat, heat, heat"
Ogin-sama stepped on the fire and rolled inside it together with the scratches.
"Heat, heat, heat"
It was Kamio Shuzen who screamed in the same way and rolled out of the fire.
"Fever, fever, fever, squirrel, fever"
Silver also rolled, the main set also rolled and could not get up. The fire that has finally been added with momentum burns in flames.
When the silver-sama, who was covered with a scratch from his head, rolled out in the fire as if he had rolled a bale, Kamio Shuzen, who was surprised at it, rolled with a spear in the same way.
"I'm out of the shaven"
Even so, Kamio seems to have rolled after deciding that, and even if he rolls, he does not let go of the spear, and when he struggles a couple of times and then gets up again, he removes the spear and rolls in front of him. I thrust the bale of the spear into a spear.
However, because he was in a hurry, he was stabbed by the spear's pier, and when he regained his spear, when he finally escaped from the scratch, Kamio's spear ears were on his nose. It is a lightning bolt "Inazuma". I almost avoided the tip of the spear, but Kamio's feet and hands went crazy, and the spear that he could pull and the spear that he pulled into his hand were very suspicious, but they were piercing when he saw what he was aiming for. Especially since it is a spear that has been trained considerably, it is one escape and another. When he escaped from it, Kamio wandered around, staggered, but there was almost no gap, and there was no chance for the silver-sama who had just escaped from the spear to regain his hips. The spear that pokes is just amazing.
"Someone please come"
As expected, Gin-sama is a woman, so when I tried this, I screamed unknowingly.
Fortunately, there was a plum tree, so this cry was like giving Kamio a good goal, and fortunately there was a plum tree to fold it up and poke it. But I took a breath for a while.
I tried to make various bumps from the front of the plum tree, but it seemed that it had come off, and Kamio aimed at it from the left. Because I didn't have an answer, I struck it from the right, but it didn't hit the silver. When this happened, Kamio began to rage again.
Ogin-sama and Kamio are chased after a large tree of plum blossoms, which is a saga, and is chased by a tree * [# "Wood + Sae no Tsukuri", 4th level 2-14-40]. I will.
"Someone please come"
By the time the silver screamed again, Kamio would have noticed that this was not the purpose of the talking priest, but the silver who was not good at it on a daily basis. However, it seems to be more interesting now. Even if the enemy in question changes, there is no change in suffering. Since there is no change in suffering and having a lot of excitement, Kamio arouses even more cruel curiosity, pokes a spear at Ogin-sama, and has no further withering color. ..
I'm desperately escaping around the plum tree, but as I said before, it's said that it's crazy. Being involved, the spear muscles do not go crazy and their energy does not easily diminish. As the silver ran away from his life, the obi was untied. When I stepped on the unraveled obi and tried to fall down, I didn't remember touching the obi, which was the Wakizashi I touched when I ran down from the second floor of the dozo. As the silver squeezed the obi, he pulled out the wakizashi. The reason why I held the wakizashi with one hand while entwining the obi with one hand was probably to treat Kamio's spear.
Looking at it like this, it seems that Gin-sama has some knowledge of martial arts. One of the reasons why a woman about the size of a female master of light work is afraid of silver is that there is usually a wakizashi beside her, and depending on the tone of the story, when it becomes a sheath. I've said that I feel like I'm not sure if I'll run. After that, Kamio Shuzen also inadvertently said that he couldn't make a joke with Ogin-sama because he seems to be careful.
While pulling out the wakizashi to the females and preventing the spear on one side, the silver-sama was finally able to leave the plum tree and avoid behind the oak tree. The true nature of the umbrella was finally clear, and Kamio Shuzen chased it without hesitation.
When the silver lantern moved from the oak tree and avoided the stone lantern, the Kamio main set was just like the devil's appearance in the picture. No matter where I escaped and hid, I struck it on the roof of the lantern and from the side of the pedestal with the enthusiasm that I wouldn't put this enemies on my back.
Ogin-sama, who had a wakizashi just in shape, tried to escape from the tip of the spear by shaking it. The spear often flows and the hand often goes crazy, but I don't even remember that the violence should finally fade. At last, it seems that silver lanterns will be sewn together with the stone lanterns.
Ogin-sama was chased by the stone lantern at the edge of the pond. If you run away along the shore of the pond, you will find a stone. If you move backwards, it will be a step and water. Advancement and Retreat | The valley, Kiwa, finally swung up the wakizashi and threw the wakizashi at the face of Kamio Shuzen, who was chasing after him.
The aim was not too much, and it flew over the face of Kamio, so the frenzied Kamio couldn't help but pay the falling blade. When I tried to pay it off with the handle of a spear, my dangerous footsteps became even more dangerous, and I couldn't stand it at last. , Was the parent of life for Ogin-sama.
Taking advantage of this short time, Gin-sama jumped over the bridge through the edge of the pond, jumped up to the porch of the main residence, kicked the shoji and escaped to the back. ..
Then, Kamio Shuzen, who got up, jumped over the pond in the same way and jumped up to the top of the rim, but here, which room of the main building where the silver-sama escaped and in which direction did he escape? I don't know more about that.
The voice of the main set just angry and trolling every hour was just amazing to hear outside. The spear of the example does not come off forever, and while roaming around every hour, it is not called a sliding door, not a ceiling, but it is thrust with both the tip and tip of the spear.
Fortunately or unfortunately, there are at least 10 people in this mansion, which should be around, and there is no one on this evening. By this time, they are probably crazy about wearing fox masks with Prince Inari's costume Enoki.
In this way, Kamio Shuzen, who had been trolling every hour, reappeared from the pond to the bank of the pond after a while. The exhaled breath is like a breeze, and the exhausted body is like cotton, but it is certainly the Tenmaha Shun that makes the main set from the beginning work crazy. With the power of Jun, it's strange that it doesn't go away.
The main set that stood by the pond again had a spear, but no prey. The silver has finally escaped in one direction.
Unfortunately, regrettable, angry, and irresistible karma, Kamio Shuzen looks at all sides with his eyes burning like fire. I admitted that the pond was burning like fire again. The pond is not burning, but at this time, the fire in front of the dozo that was left unburned became real and burned up, and the color of the flame made the water of this pond. It is dyed bright red.
When I noticed that and the main set looked toward the dozo, the fierce fire was rising from the time of planting. It seems that the fire invaded the storehouse and burned into the nearby wooden hut. It's finally a real fire.
Kamio saw the momentum of the flame for the first time, and lowered the drinking 《Ryuin》 a little.
After a while, Kamio Shuzen, who had a handmade large bonfire "Otamatsu", brought the burning fire to the dozo and went to the door of the main house, shoji, fusuma, and Karagami. I started to move.
There, the dozo and the main house burn in response. No matter how much it burns, there is nothing in this house to put it out. Most of the people around me are going out to dance the fox. By the time people finally started making noise and the fire was extinguished, most of the dozo and the main house were burnt and could not be touched. By the time the people who went out to dance, including silk, came back to see Akakata, the storehouse, the main house, and the storerooms were completely burned down. ..
[# 9 indentation] Nine [# "nine" is a middle heading]
Inspired by the fact that the fox dance became popular from the prince Inari's costume Enoki, the fox dance was performed from Morinji in Joshu. Trying to stretch the other side is a ridiculous way of elaborating.
Most of human history is dominated by unbeatable guts, and because of unbeatable guts, humorous competition and unnecessary waste are continued.
Morinji's raccoon dance started with young people in the land, but it probably isn't. It can be said that Edo's Monozuki goes and sets it up in advance, and it is the name of the Joshu specialty, and it is the size to bring it to Edo. This is a model of Bunbuku Chagama, a specialty of Morinji Temple, and the place where hair grows and turns into a raccoon dog as in the picture book is made into a large upholstery and put in the middle. It was only a rumor that he tried to lift up the raccoon dog and board the city of Edo day by day, but the rumor did not appear in the fact, but the rumor echoed here as soon as possible. It's a rumor.
There are some who are wondering if the Edo kid is silently watching the raccoon dog from the prince and the raccoon dog from Joshu.
"It seems that a raccoon dog will come soon."
"Mr. Left, it seems that there will be a raccoon dog's street in the near future, and it seems that we do not yet know where to pass."
From the direction of Matsudo, which is called the Mito-sama Highway, and the direction of Senju, where Mutsu Mamoru is passing by, Oshu Sendai, even around Itabashi in Nakasendo, grandfathers and grandmothers are serious. It became so popular that it became "Magao" and made the rumor. There is nothing secretly hoped by the highway merchants that if the raccoon dogs pass by, they would like them to follow their own highways as much as possible.
"When is the raccoon dog's street?"
"It seems that the date hasn't been decided yet."
Merchants are worried that they will have to prepare their products depending on the day of the street and the route.
There is already a fox, and there is also an eagle 《Tori-sama》, and it is natural that the raccoon dog is worshiped here. In the Meiji era, a hole was discovered between Tokyo and Yokohama. It quickly became Oana-sama and attracted countless people from Keihin, and considering that it created a temporary | stop station, it is even more venerable than Oana-sama. It is not something that humans should laugh at because of the raccoon dogs of Morinji, who have a history of 》.
However, the raccoon dog is only rumored, and although the pattern of passage is not yet visible, many beggars from each highway, like a town standing, rushed toward the city of Edo. You can see it getting crowded. The lack of nose, the crumple of the eyes, the lame legs, the kneeling, and the plastering, each have something to have with elaborate dressing, and it is pitiful. The body of squeezing a voice like that and carrying it toward Edo is not the norm in the world.
"This time, the compassionate Edo Kubo-sama will give us the salvation rice, so we will go to get the salvation rice."
Thus, the number of beggars brought into the city of Edo every day is not small.
Whether the merchants along the road are spilling, Chunagon in Mito, Mutsu Mamoru in Sendai, Oshu, the raccoon dog in Tatebayashi, which is now popular, and the raccoon dog who doesn't have chopsticks. There is no such thing as a raccoon dog on the street of Sama.
I thought that I would like to get rid of such a street that is not a gourd.
At this time, it must be said that Nanjo Riki's eastern drifting west stay is also quite busy.
Because I was going out on the Koshu highway, I thought that this would be a familiar "familiar" entry into Koshu, so I suddenly broke south from Hachioji.
If you go south here, you will go to Sagami without going to Koshu. At this time, Nanjo's appearance is a little different from usual, as it looks like a little Wakizashi without lodging. Then, when you go south on Hachioji on Aihara Road, you will see the pine trees on the side of the road.
"teacher"
It seems that the one that appeared was ambushed. This is also the style of a non-resident of a trip that seems to have a habit.
"Hi"
"I've been waiting for a long time."
"I'm still a fast guy."
By saying this, the uneasy bound for the clouds was completely removed.
"Sometimes I'll be a teacher, but that's Sagami's Oyama Afuri-san, this is Tanzawa, and the Sagami River runs there, in Koshu. The Katsura River, where the monkey bridge is located, will be the Sagami River when you come here, and if you go down all the way down, you will see the Mairi River, and the Tokaido is here in Hiratsuka. That's what flows out toward you. In the fall, fine sweetfish with scales are caught, and when you eat them in Gyoden, you're a little sick. "
I was ambushed for the first time in a guide, and when I saw him walking ahead while saying something like this, it was not unusual for him to be a Hyakuzo of Ganriki [# "Ganriki" as an emphasis mark]. did.
"Well, and where does Oginoyamanaka Oginoyamanaka hit?"
"This is the mountain, let's see the persimmon tree in the forest over there, it's between that and the pointed mountain, that mountain is called Tobiozan, so that It is said that there will be a castle of 13,000 stones in Oginoyamanaka and Nagato Okubo in the place where I was embraced by, even if it is 10,000 stones, it is a little that there is a castle in such a mountain. The amateur "Shiroto" is surprised. "
"So that's it"
"Well, it's just a pair, if you pull it straight, it's like Gori, but it's the order to go out to Atsugi and return, so if you estimate it as Hachiri in total, it's plenty."
According to the guidance of Ganriki [# "Ganriki" as an emphasis mark], Nanjo seems to be trying to go to the castle of Oginoyamanaka, Okubo Nagato Mamoru 13,000 stones on the right. .. Of course, it seems that Hyakuzo of Ganriki [# "Ganriki" is an emphasis mark] will accompany him to that point as a guide.
In this way, while the two of them started walking in Sagamino, Hyakuzo of Ganriki [# "Ganriki" was an emphasis mark]
"Now, Mr. Nanjo, it seems that you will accept Tsukankoto [#" Tsukankoto "as an emphasis mark] ..."
It was a question of small things again.
"What"
"There is nothing else, but that mansion in Aioi-cho is also a very strange mansion."
"Umu"
"Until recently, an elderly woman, an old woman, who had a high degree of scrutiny, came to us with a sword, but these days, she's completely a ronin."
"Umu"
"But Nanjo-sama, it's possible that the other party is the same as the Lord, but it doesn't change."
"What are you talking about?"
"Isn't it completely different for those who are behind the scenes, with only the old lady missing?"
"There is no back or front in that mansion."
"You're kidding, even if your wife doesn't come, the beautiful maids in the back should be there."
"Well, no mansion can afford to lose a female hand."
"Teacher, by the way, I would like to ask you one thing, that beppin is now your property."
"Who is that bijin?"
"You shouldn't be angry, I think you probably brought it from Koshu, but I wonder if you'll just leave it in custody, or something else. I'm dying to know if there is a Lord who has already decided, so I was thinking that I would like to ask you someday. "
"Hmm, you're an early guy, do you already know that?"
"Teacher, if you want to make a hundred of the hard-working [#" hard-working "side points], whether it's a person's thing or your own thing, once you want to make it [#" thing "side point] , It's a hundred of the things I missed [# "emphasis mark"]. "
"So, do you intend to make that woman a thing [#" thing "as an emphasis mark]?"
"Haha, teacher, you shouldn't be disappointed."
"Hmm"
"Teacher, you shouldn't make an unpleasant ridicule. I see, as I just said, if you want to make something [#" thing "an emphasis mark], you're sure to do anything [#" thing. Although it is an emphasis mark [# an emphasis mark on "thing"], it is rude to say that it is not the only thing [# an emphasis mark on "thing"]. A lot of great masters will come to you, so it's different to think that someone who is doing his best [# "emphasis mark"] is freezing and pulling out. No matter how many people come, I'm afraid of it, and if I leave the things that become things [# "things" as emphasis marks] as they are, I'll do my best [# "emphasis marks" ] Is involved in the ticket "Koken". To be honest, I haven't tried to aim at it, but I'm scared, a man like this [# "Ganriki" is an emphasis mark] is terrified. I'm done. "
"He's a mean guy."
"I'm totally stubborn."
"What's so scary?"
"Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha Maybe, but we don't think it's that scary. However, it is that dog that is scary, and only for that black dog, Ganki [# "Emphasis mark"] also sifts scary hair "Odoke", as long as that dog is attached, Things that should be [# "things" as emphasis marks] cannot be things [# "things" as emphasis marks] "
The dog that Ganriki [# "emphasis mark"] is scared of here is a Muku dog. It is this man's bitterness that spills in front of Nanjo that he cannot add a finger to you in any way because he is protected by a Muku dog.
Nanjo has a sufficient ridiculous mood 《Karakaibun》
"Ganriki [# Emphasis mark on" Ganriki "]"
"Okay"
"If you're so proud of a man, don't be afraid of the left side, and there is a more interesting prey, but would you like to consult with us?"
"Let's do it a lot"
"I can't say how good it is, but the formality is better than that."
"So that's it"
"As you know, it's a tribute to Jinzaburo Komai. Komai is under the control of Koshu's duty, and he's a direct visitor to Fuyo no Mazu, but here. It was the great lords who brought it to
"You're a daimyo ..."
Hundreds of Ganriki [# "Emphasis mark"] responded as if they were out of their throat.
"Yes, if you want to make it the most important thing [#" thing "is an emphasis mark], it's not something you can do with your ass."
"Don't tell me a joke, I'll do it alone because I didn't push you back, I know how much the old Nezumi Kozo broke the daimyo's back alone. It's not a monjayaki, that kind of work is limited to one person. "
"Okay, let's give you some wisdom, but the other party is Sakai Sakai, who is 140,000 stones in Shonai, Dewa. Now, Sakai is in charge of cracking down in Edo City. You know that there is, you know that Sakai is not good for us, Sakai is cutting our roots and trying to kill the leaves, we are there again You still don't understand the soul and soul of Sakai, who is trying to take advantage of it, and you don't need to understand it, but I came up with it from your unprecedented pride of the color master. The reason is that Yubutsu, a pawnbroker who received the favor of Lieutenant Sakai Saemon, is now descent and playing. It is the daughter of a pawn shop named Izujin in Sanaicho. Then, while he was serving as a mansion for the Sakai clan, he seemed to be a lord, and he was promoted to the room with his hands. The name is Ryu. I'll tell you all this, so let's do what you want. "
Nanjo said that much on the calm side. On the contrary, this man named Nanjo sometimes looked like a national priest of the Epoch, and at another time he said that it didn't fit the girder, and called looting and kidnapping like a job before breakfast. I also pillage.
I didn't have anything to recommend here again, and I also recommended this to the Yakuza [# "Yakuza" side point] who is a gangster [# "Ganriki" side point]. Is like igniting oil paper. Even for free, I can't stand to say this to a man who wants to do such a thing, wants to do it, and is itching. In other words, he urged him to steal the mistress of Sakai Sakai, the feudal lord of Dewa's Shonai region, who is currently cracking down on the city of Edo.
"Teacher, thank you for saying so in anticipation of [#" Emphasis mark "for" Ganriki "]."
Ganriki [# "emphasis mark"] was terrified by hitting his forehead.
[# 9 indentation] Ten [# "10" is the middle heading]
Perhaps I stayed overnight in Atsugi, sent Nanjo to Oginoyamanaka, and stayed overnight. On the way back, head toward Hachioji on the same road.
Nanjo is probably staying in the mountains of Oginoya, but that teacher, who stayed in the castle in such a mountain, did something wrong and did something wrong with Kofu again. I hope I don't step on the second dance and get hit into the prison.
Hyakuzo, who left Nanjo and returned to Germany [# "Ganriki" as an emphasis mark], smiled and was full of joy that couldn't be wrapped up. This is also quite rebellious, and it seems that the joy cannot be wrapped up because it was hit.
"Hello, aren't you the boss of Ganriki [# aside from" Ganriki "]?"
For this, I was a little surprised by the fact that I was really stubborn [# "emphasis mark"]. I mean, I used to stand under the pine tree on the roadside "Michibata" where I was standing and ambushed when I came, and I was waiting for myself in the same shape, which made me laugh. I was suddenly ambushed from the sidelines of Ganriki [# "Ganriki" as an emphasis mark] while walking, so I was surprised and stopped at Ganriki [# "Ganriki" as an emphasis mark]. When,
"D, was this the boss of Ganriki [# aside from" Ganriki "]? In addition, I'm sorry to say hello, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm going to go to Kamihatano, and I'm going to see you for the first time. The younger Ichisuke of Karakoma, the family of Nizo ... "
Anyway, he seemed to be a bakuto with considerable knowledge, and he drew out the words and bills of the gambling "Bakuchiuchi" on the cut, so the Hyakuzo of Ganriki [# "Ganriki" is an emphasis mark] is finally eating. There was a gambling. Hyakuzo: I'm a person who isn't going to the world without a lodging, so I can't help but know the greetings of that road, but in the middle of this field road, I'm trying to get such a greeting. Is unexpected.
"Well, wait."
Because things were so sudden, I couldn't reply with the same greeting again for Ganriki [# "Ganriki" as an emphasis mark].
"I'm sorry for those who don't have [#" emphasis mark "as the basis of your wisdom." If you accept it, for the boss ... "
Although this was annoying, the other party was finally clearing up and officially drawing out the gambling words and bills, so I can't stand it. First of all, where did this raver hear that he was a hundred-storey of Ganriki [# "Ganriki" as an emphasis mark]? It is extremely bad to say that it is creepy to ambush here and try to call yourself. However, the raver did not hesitate to speak and
"I asked my boss to come to Edo Omote and do the work, but in the foreground, I'm sorry for the person without [#" emphasis mark "], but my minions. If you use it, we will be grateful for the assortment. In the foreground, my name is Shogoku, and Dewa originated from Shonai, Sakai Sakai's castle 140,000 stones, and Izuya Jinbei's daughter Oyanagi ... "
"I'll make a fool of you"
Ganriki [# "emphasis mark on" Ganriki "] came out here. Although it blew out, the swordsman "Kennon" is a swordsman. There is a guy who tried to get rid of my courage by using such a guy and injecting a complaint that is not a goblin. Needless to say, I think it must be Nanjo-sensei's mischief, so I became ridiculous and stared at the playboy's face.
It seems that this teacher doesn't feel much even if he is stared at.
"My brother, if you think you're a man, you're a woman, isn't you, Sakai-sama's castle?"
Ganriki [# "emphasis mark"] was amazed and said, but the man was so amazed that he was amazed [# "emphasis mark"]. No. What is clear is that someone must have been able to give wisdom to the word bills that were made overnight.
As soon as the man was confused, a man of the same degree as a playboy | body (in travel clothes) came out from behind the Inamura on all four sides. I did.
"D, this is the boss of Ganriki [#" Ganriki "is a side point], I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry to say hello to you, but I'm sorry. Sanse, I'm going to go to Ue-san, and I'm going to see you for the first time.
"Don't be silly, don't be silly"
When Ganriki [# "emphasis mark" was angry] got angry, the same thing that came out from one of the Inamura
"D, was this the boss of Ganriki [#" Ganriki "as an emphasis mark]? I hope that you will find out about it at a later date and that you will be able to complete the line at the end of the line. Depending on what you accept, for the boss ... "
"No, what do you say, don't be afraid to make jokes?"
Ganriki [# "emphasis mark" on "Ganriki"] didn't care about what he was saying, and when he continued to come out from behind the Inamura with two or three people, he took turns and gave the same greeting. Because I'm going to talk about it, I can't do my best [# "Emphasis mark"]. When I heard that, at the end of the greeting, the boss said that he would go out to Edo and do an interesting job, but please make yourself a child and put a bite on that job. It is. It's easy to see that the interesting job is one that was inspired by Nanjo Riki, and that they are well aware that they are saying this. At the same time, it is clear that it was none other than Nanjo Riki's mischief that caused these mischiefs to stick together.
Therefore, Ganriki [# "Ganriki" has an emphasis mark] closes because it is finally difficult to make a quarrel with the people around him when he is laughing bitterly at the badness of the people in Nanjo. is.
"No, no, this sesame fly" Yes ""
Ganriki [# "emphasis mark" on "Ganriki"], when he tried to pass by by shaking off these people, he said that he had a sword on his sleeve.
"I'm sorry, I'm sorry for the inconvenience, but I'm sorry for those who don't have [#" emphasis mark "]. Bring me to Edo Omote by patronage ... "
Because I was chasing after him, I was in trouble.
"Okay, okay, you guys want to interact with the raver on the cut, but the other half doesn't become a thing, it's a burning blade that someone taught me, okay. So don't do that, I'll do it in half for each person. "
When trying to get rid of Ganriki [# "Emphasis mark"] with money, the playboys
"I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry for the money, I'm sorry, I'm going to accompany you to the Edo table as a boss's minion."
"Do it yourself"
Ganriki [# "Emphasis mark"] pulled in the wallet he had gone out, but quickly smashed one side of the person at hand and ran toward Hachioji all at once. It was.
"I'm sorry, my boss, and my companion to Edo."
It is quite persistent [# "persistent" side point] that these playboys admire and chase after the hard work [# "hard point"].
[# 9 indentation] 11 [# "11" is the middle heading]
At this time, there was an old man who was a guardian at the Okunoin of Yakuouin.
Before, when Fudodo was still at the foot of the mountain, it was at the foot of the mountain, but as Fudodo moved to the inner temple of the summit, this old man also moved to the summit.
When I heard the old man's predecessor, it seems that he was still a martial artist. He has practiced in various countries since he was a child, and became a guardian of this place as he grew older. Since the age of "Yowai" is over 70, I rarely talk about martial arts unless I am a questioner, but I like the haiku "Hokku" and make it myself, gather people and teach me. I was there. At the foot of the mountain, the old man was the center of the luck, but he never moved to the top. Instead of saying something, I enjoyed the sake of Ito, and while indulging in my old dreams, I haven't had a hard time spending the night alone on the mountain for many years.
One night-it was the midnight when the moon on the 16th climbed from the east and was exposed to the moonlight. I heard the footsteps of a person near this inner temple, so the old man pushed the door of the living room while sitting, took the bottle that was on the side, and turned it upside down. When water is spilled out, some people pass by like a wind.
While stroking a long white beard with a bottle in one hand, the old man of the temple stared at the back. From the Okunoin to the high-rooted alley leading to the view, the person has already hidden and left no shadow. There are many plants of the birch family "Betulaceae", so there is a jungle that hardly leaks the light of the moon.
The old man twisted his neck while looking back. Right now, I'm sure I've been staying up late at 3 o'clock, saying the phrase requested by the young man at the foot of the mountain, but I've finally finished it, so I washed the bottle and washed it again. It's no wonder that the old man started scrutinizing because he was this figure when he was trying to draw pottery liquor. Time is a promising night of Kibo, and there must be no one who sees the moon in the unusually hazy sky, but the moon is limited to tonight. There is no. There was still no one who wandered to this summit late this night.
However, as I get older, I'm lazy, so I didn't move my curiosity to try to hunt it down, and eventually I closed the door with a grouper. The monster bird "Kakin" that does not sing around here sings steadily on the treetops of a large cedar tree in the precincts of Izuna Gongen. The road from Okunoin to Omi View, which has many birch families, runs along the mountain spine, which is very similar to the road from Tsukuba's male body to female body. There are people who go to the great view by dividing the dense trees so that the moonlight does not leak. The old man of the temple did not see the scales, but at one time he received the light of the whispering moon in his white coat, which shined like silver, and at another time, the shadow of the leaves dwelled in the dark under the tree. Then it moves like a scale. It is suspected that the shape of a person who runs entwined around eight streets along the way sometimes goes to the white snake's sword [# "emphasis mark"].
The water that falls from the main mountain of Takao to the right becomes the mysterious Biwa waterfall, and the water that falls to the left becomes the Jataki waterfall. A heavenly man plays a permanent resident Biwa at Biwa Falls, and a bronze snake holding a Kurikara sword is surrendered on the outer road above the snake waterfall. Represents the phase of. It seems that the bronze snake sometimes turns into a dragon and plays in the heavens. It is natural that the snake of Jataki becomes a dragon and plays in the heavens because the water of Umon Sankyu is high and the fish turns into a dragon. But this is not the one on the left. The dragon of the human world, Mizuka, or Ryunosuke Tsuki, who is wearing a white coat worn by a pilgrim, stands in the middle of the great view of the thin field "Susukibara", leaving the narrow diameter of the jungle.
The view of Mt. Takao can be said to be the best view of the Kanto region without exaggeration. As the name suggests, the mountain of Takao, which has a great view at its peak, is more of a mountain tail than a mountain. Although it is a point that does not exceed 2,000 shaku, its magnificent and expansive atmosphere is unrivaled.
Only at that point is a thin field that is not even a tree-the thin field does not mean that only thin trees grow, and thin trees, Obana, and Karukaya There are Hagi, Kikyo, Fuji 袴, and Jorohana "Ominashi", and various insects are singing under them.
If you stand here and look east, you will see the plain of Musashino in the distance, grabbing the top of the main mountain of Takao. If you move slightly to the right toward the east, Sagamino continues from the plains of Musashino, and the Tanzawa Mountains gradually begin to rise from the banks of the Sagami River. If you continue to the right, you will see the mountains and mountains that connect to Koshu, and you can see the roots of Mt. Fuji high above the mountains when it is sunny. If you turn it back and look at the continuation of the mountains in Tanzawa, you will find that the highest point is Oyama's Afuri-san. Furthermore, when looking at Sagamino in the distance between the cloud smoke and the crab, you can see Enoshima floating in black on the sea.
At this time, amateurs may somehow mistake the Sagami River for the Tama River. Some people discover the Tama River and wonder if it is Tone, but if you think about the geography with a little chill, the distinction is not so painful.
If you go up Doshidani, which is not easily reached by human traces, you will reach the Akaishi mountain range from Tanzawa via Yakiyama, and behind that, Shirane, where no birds pass, You can see the continuation of the peak. Fuji appears between the Akaishi mountain range and the Yakiyama mountain range. Depending on the air, the folds of the mountains of Doshi Valley are surprisingly clear, and I feel like I can see a group of ants crawling there.
While still facing east, if you look at the plains of Kanto to the left, you can see the mountains of Tsukuba and Nikko. There is a mountain in the west life of Musashino where the moon rises, that is, Chichibu root. The mountain of Chichibu and the mountain of Kozuke have an inseparable pulse. When I saw the smoke rising on the mountain of Mt. Asama in Shinano, the myogi and Haruna were so faint that I couldn't see or answer them except Chichibu. I cry when I remember the windmill of "Ge".
[# Indent two characters from here]
That windmill at Usui Pass
Who are you waiting for?
[# End of indentation here]
The Usui Pass can only be seen from here, but the Kobotoke Pass is right in front of you. When I turned to the west and turned to the east, I found that the garment crest that looked exactly like the inner back chick "Dairibina" and "Kisaki" was in the correct shape at the tip of the nose of the plateau. Is Mt. Kobotoke, and the Kobotoke Pass road that runs from the Komagino Sekisho passes over it.
Behind the small Buddha is Kagenobuyama, and between the small Buddha and Kagenobu, the ridge of the Daibosatsu Pass is the ridge of the Great Bodhisattva. Behind Keishin, there are mountains of Mt. Konpirayama, Mt. Odake, Mt. Mitake, and Mt. Mitake. After that, the mountain collapses into the plain of Musashino again, but when I look at Koshu Road with a single letter on the shoulder of the small Buddha, it is again a mountain and a mountain, the first difficult point on the highway, Through the ridge of Sasako, you can see the male figure of Yatsugatake, which is the boundary of Koshin. When all the mountains except Mt. Fuji are still black, it is Yatsugatake that is covered with snow first.
Looking at it in this way, there are high mountains, steep ridges, hills, plains, rivers, sea islands, no human traces, and the places where most humans live. It can be wrapped in a single "Ichibo" with a great view. The size of the panoramic view is the size of standing at the point of contact.
Aside from that, now, looking up at the moonlight, Ryunosuke Tsuki, who stands alone in the thin plateau "Susukibara" of this plateau, was already in the eye at this time. No, at least your eyes should be open enough to see the faint light of the moon.
The moon of the 16th, which reaches the heavens, is shining all over the figure facing west in the Susukio flower.
If there was no haze, Ryunosuke would be standing still around the peak of Mt. Shirane, but the wind didn't blow at all, just the night air of the plateau was flowing like water. is.
[# Indent two characters from here]
On the mountain of Shirone where birds do not pass
The light of the moon is wonderful
[# End of indentation here]
Maybe there is a regret at the foot of the mountain in Shirone.
At the hot springs in Narada at the foot of the mountain in Shirane, sewn a non-similar official under a spear should not leave a grudge.
If the virtue of the head of the mountain girl, Kashira, who was cared for when she fell down at Tokuma Pass, would be a memory.
Toku was a kind woman. There is no reason not to remember that while being mild, there was something to be desired and that there was an unrivaled taste as a care wife, as I now look at Shirane. It's an invisible image, but when I think of it, it's plump, ruddy, and has infinite tenderness to my thin eyes. I can't help but be considerate of.
When I thought of the virtues, on a similar moonlit night, while hitting a dadeumi in a garden with a lot of evening primrose,
[# Indent two characters from here]
Adsorption cigarettes from Koshu << Suisuke Tobacco >>
I can't catch fire because of tears
[# End of indentation here]
I can hear that he sang his favorite song, "Riyo". People before they can see will take measures for a while, and after they can't see, they want to know what people are after. If you can see even a little, there is no limit unless the despair you have been up to now appears as a new hope.
It was about 100 days ago that the people at the foot of the mountain began rumored that the people at the foot of the mountain had begun to crawl in the Jataki Waterfall's Sankodo, which had become a fox habitat at that time. .. After that, it was rumored that a person who looked like a woman at night carried things to this Sankodo, came sneakingly, and returned sneakingly.
Although it is a rumor of people, it is not a big range when it spreads because it is at the foot of this mountain. Rumors are nothing more than rumors, and no one has time to find out the truth. It was abandoned at that time, but before that, it was said that there was even a lot of rumors about this waterfall, so it hinders the devout people who hide and go. As afraid of many people, the rumors are only rumors, and the villagers do not dare to approach.
During the 100 days, when you put a basket in the Sankodo and struck by a spiritual waterfall at night, there will be something without devotion that is also devoted to the bones of cold air. It is likely that the mind's head will cool, the mind's eye will open slightly, and light will be evoked to the naked eye.
Sugamo and Koshinzuka were connected by an overnight event, and Ryunosuke Tsurugi was guided like a dream and followed the Koshu Highway. When I had a dream, my eyes were clearly open, and I used to travel up the Tokaido, and I was accompanied by a Kago who protects a woman. I came to a flower shop, but on the contrary, I was invited by a woman and was shaken by a Kago and came to Onaji.
It was the land of this woman, and by her favor, she hid in the Sankodo of Jataki, and finally arrived today. If there is a spirit in the water of Jataki, it may not heal this man's eyes, but in fact, walking at night like this is only when he came to this plateau. There is none. Even when I couldn't see it at all, I sneaked freely in the city of Edo and killed people.
At that time, a fire broke out at one point on the Kobotoke Pass.
There is a small diameter "Komichi" that goes out from the view of Omi to Kobotoke Pass. The fire broke out near the top of Mt. Kobutsu. It's not a wildfire, it's just a bonfire. Otherwise, it is a torch. Whether it's a bonfire or a torch, it's a suspicious fire that it's an untimely fire.
Ryunosuke, who seems to be looking at the suspicious fire from among the Obana, is certainly visible. At that time, I also learned that he was carrying an iron bar with a length like the monk's intention in his hand.
When the wind of Nowaki blows over, the thin-tailed flower, Susuki Obana, sways. When Uenohara sways and the plateau moves like the sea, it swims between the waves, and the fresh white coat turns its back on the moon and comes down to the middle from near the top of the mountain. However, I still don't know if it will come to this mountain in Takao, or if it will turn to the right and go down to Yose and Uenohara. The fire went out while I was watching. It didn't disappear, it was hidden.
Although the whole mountain of the small Buddha seen from the view of Omi is a shaved mountain, there is a forest on the hillside trying to go down to Yose. Perhaps the light of the fire was spilled into the forest.
As a result, people pass through the pine forest. What I saw as a suspicious fire was the lantern that I had in his hand. The lantern is a very ordinary Yubari lantern with two "two" and two "hikiryo" crests, and only one letter "ka" is written behind it. Take the lantern down from Mt. Kobutsu, enter this pine forest, and maybe if you pass through this pine forest, you will go out to the field of Susuki Obana in Takao and go to the top of the mountain. You will either go out or go to the village of Yamashita.
The lanterns on the moonlit night are not suitable, but if you look at this very probably not to illuminate your own footsteps, but to avoid the harm of evil beasts and monsters, there is nothing to be suspicious of. What is suspicious is the boldness of going through the road alone at midnight, even though I am accustomed to traveling, and the boldness of the purpose itself.
However, this bold traveler was a woman. A woman is a woman, though she is dressed in a hat. Moreover, he carries a boy on his back and hurries up this mountain road without any other companions.
It is a direction completely different from the road that Ryunosuke originally came from, that is, a small diameter "Komichi" that goes out to Kobotoke Pass. If you go down this road without returning to Jataki, you may have been struck by the suspicious fire on the right and wanted to find it. If you find it, you will cut it. Even if his eyes are open, his mischievous heart does not seem to stop in a hurry unless he is fully enlightened.
Unlike the road when you came, it is a shaved mountain until you go to the small Buddha. Since the whole small Buddha itself is a shaved mountain, there is no jungle of the birch family, and there is no pine tree of the pine tree family. However, since Hana Usao forms a whole wilderness, the shadow of the person in the white coat who rides on the moon shines like silver as it is, and it just drifts by being blown by the field. But that hasn't been so long. At first, Hana Usao, who was playing around her knees, finally reached her chest, and finally became taller than the human height, and eventually disappeared. Although the moon is still a little tilted to the west, there is no shadow of a person on the plateau.
However, the one fire that was seen near the top of Mt. Kobutsu over there has never been extinguished. Although it is a very small fire, it is certain that there are human beings where there is a fire. Without humans, it would be a wildfire egg, but there is no doubt that the little fire is being manipulated by humans by slowly descending the mountain.
The woman is the virtues of the head of a mountain girl, Kashira, who has drawn a connection from Tokuma Toge. Why does this woman pass here at midnight? Do you bother to visit this difficult road knowing that there is a person in Jataki Waterfall's Sankodo? If so, it's not something that started tonight. It may be this woman's job to stay in Yose or Uenohara and carry things to Sankodo at night.
Ryunosuke hid himself in the sea of ​​thin-tailed flowers to pick him up, only if he knew the one point of fire that he could recognize from the view of Omi. If it's already been 100 days since you visited Jataki, it's not difficult to get to the village of Tsukiyodan under Mt. Shinoi. .. Anyway, it's in Koshu, which is beyond one pass, so it's not a road that you can't visit if you have the sincerity of a woman. Moreover, Toku is a woman who is accustomed to traveling. If the fever when I went to Narada-no-Yu for nursing wasn't getting cold, I couldn't say that I wouldn't accept the call all the way. I understand the purpose of virtue. It is true that he hurried to the back road of the small Buddha toward the Jataki Waterfall Sankodo. The boy on his back is his ex-husband-although he still does not have a husband, there is no doubt that he is the son of his deceased husband, Kurataro.
However, I don't know Ryunosuke's feelings. From the far mountain of Shirone, I'm going to call in a woman who is related to Karisome. He must have a silver-sama in the near future. Also, from the time of Koshinzuka's humiliation, the woman at the inn of Onaji, who led me to this point like a dream and took a hard time to visit Jataki, is sure to be an inn. It should be hidden. For those without ideals, life is nothing more than color and desire. I don't know if Ryunosuke, who was completely dark to be alive, had no choice but to kill a person and to touch a woman. Now, fortunately, it's too shallow to be able to live without a woman when, fortunately, some kind of blessing regains the light of the human world in a vague manner. The man who greets him is a man, but the woman who responds to it is also a woman. Humans are not the only ones who are stupid, and the stupidest of the bugs is called the fireworm. What is worrisome is that the two butterflies of this woman's lantern are crazy later on. I'm so worried about it, so I tried to follow it, but I can't leave it. I scolded him, but he wasn't surprised, he stayed on the lantern, danced behind him, and his ambition seemed to be a rush to catch the fire in the middle.
One of the two butterflies is white and small, and the other is black and large. The white and small ones are probably called white butterflies, and the black and large ones are crows and crows. Only these two go crazy around the lanterns.
"Rebuke, that's a nasty butterfly."
The woman was worried, so I imitated hitting with one hand. The white one is hidden behind, the black one is hidden in front, and the two appear together on the lantern, which is like making fun of a person.
The beast viper is scary, but it runs away when it sees the fire. When I see the fire only for weak butterflies, I'm afraid to admire it. We know that those who avoid will spare themselves, but those who approach will spare themselves. Those who are struck by the fire and do not know that they will be burned because of their unfamiliar desires are also merciful and scary.
"Rebuke, go over there."
The butterflies at this time were certainly not playing, but meshing with each other. They must be competing and engaging, trying to catch the fire sooner.
At that time, the fire of the lantern went out suddenly. Two butterflies have extinguished the fire.
It is not necessary to light the fire again. Even though the moonlight is bright, there are many flowers that look like capital grass "Daimonjisou".
"if"
The virtue of standing empty with the extinguished lantern called for people. In the slightly distant Susukio flower, there is a shadow of a person and a daze.
"Where did you come from?"
"From Jataki"
That is the answer.
"Have you come to pick me up so far?"
Toku was out of breath and asked.
"I like the moon, so I'm sorry"
"Oh, you came often."
The two are still standing apart.
"Well, how worried I was about you, even after I came to Kofu, I asked him implicitly, but I didn't understand at all. 》, I hurried to take something like this. How are you looking at it? It seems that you can see it already, that is the best thing. ”
Toku is a word that is breathtaking. Even so, the two of them are only a little distanced from each other in the pampas grass tail flower, and they do not interact with each other.
"I can see a little bit of my eyes, and now I can see things with the light of the thin moon."
"That's what it is, why have you been by then?"
"Even though it's a snake waterfall below, the light came naturally after being struck for about 100 days."
"So, isn't it poisonous to walk on such a mountain road, isn't it tired?"
"I'm not tired at all, but since I met you for the first time in a long time, I want to rest for a while in that Matsubara and tell a story slowly."
"I'm okay with that, but let's accompany you to the temple of Jataki."
"Women shouldn't approach Sankodo after all, there is no taste when I go there, and more than that, the place where the moonlight of Matsubara leaks is a rest, talk. Seem"
"Then, let's accompany that."
"I want you to come back a little later"
"Please, from you to the first"
The two who stood in the plateau of Susukiohana in Takao and the small Buddha gave each other their narrow path. However, there is still a gap between the two.
One is holding a lantern with the fire extinguished, and while breathing in the nostalgia, he does not try to approach the person, and the other says that he has come to pick him up, but rather, he is behind the person. I stood in the sukio flower, showing "Sobira" and drawing my heart to the moon.
"Because it's a narrow road, there is no end to it if you refrain from doing it.
While saying this, Ryunosuke's lab coat that passed in front of Toku was transparent. From the waist to the hem, the Susukio flower was transparent and moved like Oborozome. Then, without any sound, when I passed in front of Toku as if the wind had passed, I walked to Matsubara at a distance of a few minutes.
At this time, the light of the lantern was shining again. Perhaps the witty virtues had already set the lanterns on fire, or else what once seemed to have disappeared was not extinguished, but burned again.
It wasn't long after the light of the lanterns entered the pine forest again.
Ryunosuke lay down in a pine forest where there was no night dew. The ugly wisteria 袴 "Fujibakama" is crushed by it, and the cute girl Rohana "Ominashi" is dangerously avoiding it.
Because I was tired, I lay down and closed my eyes, and after a while I smelled the scent of powder and nose. It has a scent of sake that is too mellow.
Unexpectedly, when I looked at it with my eyes open, I found that the pine trees, which were not far away from each other, were burning the fire. It is the warming of the clay bottle that is made by combining three affordable tree branches, hanging a clay bottle on it, and placing dead leaves underneath to burn the fire moderately. The scent tells you when you prepared it, or whether you hid it in this forest the day before, and the clay bottle was filled with golden sake "Sumashizake". I will. In front of the bonfire, I sat down Kurataro from my back and lit the fire, but I turned to this side and turned to it.
"If you wake up, please take a bite."
When I was told this, I felt like I came to Matsutake mushroom hunting on an autumn day.
"Why did you bring sake to such a place again?"
Ryunosuke wondered about it and brought the clay bottle and small bowl to the tip of his nose when he was about to get up.
"I thought it would be inconvenient, so I brought some sake and rice here yesterday. I also had matsutake mushrooms when I passed the mountain, so I took this too. Please wait for this, and I will cook the rice right now, so I will prepare the instant dish of matsutake mushrooms with my hands, the difference between hot sake and hot rice. I wanted to raise it. "
Ryunosuke was intoxicated before he picked up the sake. When you put your mouth on it, the scent of sake that has been made into the upper sardine spreads throughout the five viscera.
"Oh"
I rang my throat. The temptation of hot sake and hot rice can't stop you from going crazy.
I drank the inside of the clay bottle in a row. I drank it without any in-law or humanity.
In the meantime, Toku is watching the heat by adding hot rice and a bonfire to cook new matsutake mushrooms. Looking at it, it seems that the rice is steamed rather than cooked. Like those who are accustomed to traveling in the mountains, they dig a hole in a damp land, lay a leaf on it, put rice in it, cover it with leaves and soil, and bonfire it on top. It seems to be a thing. The matsutake mushroom dish is probably made in that way.
Ryunosuke, who was meditating on hot sake and hot rice, remembers that the blood that had been lurking for a long time went up to the heavens. At this time, people wanted to slash unevenly. I wanted to harass the person who touches my eyes and devour the blood, but when I finally lifted my neck, I was frustrated that there was no sword. I tried to search my waist, but I don't have a sword.
By all means, hold back that heart, and when you lie down and lie down, oppressing the weak Jorohana "Ominashi", and open your eyes slightly, the brilliant blood color of the bonfire will give you abundant meat. I was wrapping it.
The faint light of the naked eye, which was blessed by the spicyness of the 100-day basket, was unavoidably made during that time by the gift of Shojin Keisai. If you know it is, you don't want to return to the original darkness of Mumyo by looking at human flesh and blood again. If light is blessed by not seeing flesh and blood, and light is deprived by seeing flesh and blood, isn't the life of a human being extremely troublesome?
Bottom book: "Obosatsu Pass 6" Chikuma Bunko, Chikuma Shobo
Issued the first print on February 22, 1996 (Heisei 8)
Parent of the bottom book: "Obosatsu Pass 4" Chikuma Shobo
First edition issued on June 20, 1976 (Showa 51)
* The bottom book is a large scale of "ga" (ward number 5-86) used for counting things and place names.
Input: Momo Co., Ltd.
Proofreading: Saiko Harada
Created on November 10, 2002
Revised January 24, 2012
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
