Zenigata Heiji Prey
Death of the bride
Nomura Kodo

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) 《Kichiya Umen》

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) 伜 ｜ Tonomatsu 《Tonomatsu》

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) [# 9 indentation]

/ \: Double dance character (repeated symbol in the shape of a vertically lengthened "ku")
(Example) Naka / \
-------------------------------------------------- -----

[# 9 indentation] 1 [# "1" is the middle heading]

"Boss, good morning"
Hachigoro opened the lattice door and entered the "Kichiya Umen" unprecedentedly. The stage of Zenigata Heiji's residence under Kanda Myojin-Yu, if you don't draw it carefully, this lattice will come off the threshold together with the turn.
I hate the wording of debt and the small work << Saikugoto >>, and even if the shelf falls, I don't try to catch it, I push it with my shoulder for half a day, and I can't wait for Hachigoro to come. There is no reason to collect as many as six store rents for the outside of the lattice door at the entrance, unless you have to put up with it for three years.
It was a rabbit horn, and Heiji was singing a cigarette without conflict, and was reading the third generation phase book "Sanze Saudai Zatsuyo". When I look at the zodiac signs repeatedly, I borrowed three oils from the temple in the previous life and did not return them, so I am so poor.
"The guy from Hachigoro is the birthplace of Shinme, the god horse of Yawata, and Fukutoku Enhiro and Fuki want to be lonely. Isn't the horse without a connection?-Oh, oh, instead, it comes with an unpleasant book. Instead, it's hard to get a "face", and all the marriages are hoped for. None, mourn, mourn, ”, what is mourning. Sadly, what is the god horse again? "
When you squeeze a thick book with a pong,
"Good morning, are you awake, boss"
Hachigoro's face looks into the six tatami mats.
"Oh, I'm crushing my gall bladder, I wondered if my chin was a ghost.
"The boss can't hear the voice."
"It's because it doesn't have a pattern, and it makes an ordinary voice. I don't want to hear it when I make a statement to the Ogasawara style. I came out with Eun, but the girl didn't come out, and I just read a thank-you book. "
"Don't be disgusted, I don't want a hundred dollars, but I wonder if a good girl in Edo will come out with a solid love. It's okay to have the birth of "Hexagram". "
"I'm a stunned bastard.-By the way, why don't you show me these few days?"
"I went to the wedding ceremony."
"Isn't it too long for three days? No way, I've been with you until I returned home."
"I've been with you. I sent out Satoshi and my wife, and it's finally the beginning of the year, so I came to say hello to my boss for the first time in a while, unlike fighting and going in and out. Somehow, this kind of demeanor is normal. "
"Because he is the one who is the one, I can't make a mistake, but what was the congratulatory message?"
"I lost my love for Oka, Hetsu."
"Don't cry, which mouth do you love Oka?"
"Tomisaka's bell, the daughter of this widow, who is nineteen years old, and who is troublesome, but such a beautiful girl has both gods and Buddha. Punishment "Bachi" is not a punishment. "
"Isn't there a great deal of devotion?"
"Even if you're a boss, when you look at that girl at a glance, you'll feel that way. There is no reason to say that the pine tree is a helmet shop, and that the armor helmet is a helmet. I got a testimony. "
"Does it have a hangover?"
"There is no such thing as a rich man. After all, when Suzubo goes to his wife, the young men from Ushigome to Koishikawa are all half-madmen. There is a man who squeezes the letter. There is a man who squeezes stones. There is no guarantee that there will be a man who ignites. Zura》 But it's a big letter, so I was asked to keep an eye on him for three days. "
"Don't be sick of being messed up"
"However, it's not so much, but there aren't many young couples like that. The guys have so many sledges that they can't find them, but Suzubo's. The one was sledding and sledding, as if he was running away, -but Satoshi Tonomatsu was too good a man. And with stubborn "Guwanko" "
"Hachigoro and Abekobeda"
The story of the day was now a punch line.

[# 9 indentation] Two [# "two" is the middle heading]

Then, ten days later, Hachigoro came in a little hurriedly.
"What's the matter, why don't you successfully remove the grid today? What are you in a hurry?"
Heiji is free / \ On a day without a sword, he doesn't have enough work surface to swallow, and he comes to eight with a dusty cigarette. I was waiting for you.
Edo was safe, there was no thief cat with a good spirit, and there were no incidents that encouraged Heiji to go to work.
"It's a shame, Kagura Sakagami's fortune-teller, Ekishiya, says that his wife is haunting his house, but there's no lie. The woman is beautiful. It ’s okay to go too far. ”
Hachigoro said that he had swallowed it with a sword, and wiped his sweat with his own skirt.
"What did you haunt? I don't know what to talk about."
"I was enshrined in the second sledge of Kabutoya. This guy is a good man to say that he is a goddamn man. My brother Tonomatsu has a strong haunting and is a careful ugly man. My younger brother, Haunting, is a sledge and a good man, and I shouldn't be mistaken for him, but I didn't understand it in the dark. I'm going to Kosa, so I don't know who is aiming for it. "
"What's wrong with that?"
Heiji urged the frustration ahead.
"I was mistaken for my brother Tonomatsu, and my younger brother, Sakekichi, was pushed down from the streets of Funagawara-cho into the moat under Mitsuke. It is a sake bottle that is cut into pieces with [# "Atsushi" as an emphasis mark]. On top of that, that side was just drowning and was deeply abandoned, so he was about to drown. "
"I'm talking about it, but Ne, Hachi, Atsushi [#" Atsushi "is an emphasis mark] and Pochipochi, is it a point that you can't swim, or is it a good point for a man to swing? I can't let you know what you're doing. "
"Oh, please lose. If you think that you are a servant, there is no mistake."
"It's a selfish bastard"
"The official of Mitsuke finds the place where he is, and it's also fashionable, isn't it?"
"There is a lot of waste"
"Asuko sometimes throws herself, so a small boat is prepared. A, I immediately withdrew and took care of him, but since he is not a man with strong roots, life was saved, but it was attached. I'm lonely. "
Hachigoro's story has apparently become a paragraph. The story of a beautiful bride resonating with herself is that this is the end of the story, and the incident is strangely distorted.
"By the way, isn't my brother Tonomatsu, who was mistaken for Kazuyoshi, also going to swim?"
Heiji rushes in.
"That's mysterious, my brother Tonomatsu is the signboard of the town dojo, and he goes to Lau for both martial arts and swimming."
"There is no one who plunges a kappa into the water."
"But, I had some kind of friendship, and I borrowed my brother Tonomatsu's summer haori. I'm walking in such a wild thing, so the devil will shoot."
"What you say is tremendous, and by the way, did the guy who played that idiot come to you?"
"A young man in Yamanote wants to see all the bad guys, and he keeps an eye on his wife for three days [# aside from" Atsushi "], and when he sees the unsightly side of Tonomatsu. , It will be a twilight
"Where are you near?"
"Iwasaburo, the hand of Kabutoya, and his son, 37, in the direction of Tomisaka, Yutaro, the carpenter of his cousin, the bell."
"And Hachigoro?"
"Joke, Atsushi [#" Atsushi "has an emphasis mark] doesn't have that kind of remorse."
"Rabbits can be noisy, too. Keep an eye on them."
"When you say something to your boss, you're wandering around the town of Sakana. Your daughter-in-law, Suzu-san, is a big kid [#" Kiriya "is an emphasis mark], but The youngest daughter of the helmet shop, Chiyan and Ifu, is also evil. My second elder brother, Sakukichi |
Hachigoro has no other love. The color of the eyes is what the daughter's decency is.

[# 9 indentation] Three [# "three" is the middle heading]

The heat returned from the time when Tanabata passed, and Edo in front of Obon had the feeling of sitting in a kettle. No matter what kind of house you go to, you will not be able to bring your ties to the floor before midnight.
Marriage landscape: Marriage ｜ Shogi 《Shiyaugi》, the theory of stars, ghost story 《Kuwaidanbanashi》, some pairs of swords were born among young people, and rumors were carried over to autumn. It is.
Heiji also entered the Go 臺 club under the alley in front of Myojin and hit a Go that was not very good, and Hachigoro flew out of breath. It's almost midnight.
"What's the matter, why don't you blow bubbles to see the horses of the distant" Enrai "?"
Heiji saw something happening and cleared up Go.
"Please go to the town of fish.
It is a curtain that is not just a matter of fact.
"What happened to Tonomatsu of Kabutoya?"
"I'm not surprised at what happened to that proud little guy-it's the bell of his wife who died. The suicide is suicide, but-that shiny Una's daughter-in-law doesn't hurt herself, and there are so many things that she doesn't fall in love with her. "
"Let's go. Can you be ridiculed?"
Surprised by the dreams of the people in the shining town, the two gave dust to Omobata Denhi.
The Kabuto shop was on the main street of Hajimecho, and the outside was a sneak peek that made the city stand. Okatsubiki of the land is doing his best to disperse it.
"Oh, the boss of the shape, this is a good one. It seems that the boss Hachigoro flew away, but it is also at night, and the bride is suicide, so he came to the boss. I thought it wasn't necessary. "
The owner of the helmet shop, Saburo Hyogo, will welcome you. I'm completely excited about the appearance of Niwaka.
"It was a flight. Hachigoro was watching, and that's what happened."
"Hachigoro's boss was watching from the evening, but when he was a kid, he had a chance to look into the Endaigo, and he couldn't help but call it a disaster."
Heiji was having trouble greeting because he was comforted by his husband Saburo Hartwell.
"Young husband, boss"
Hachigoro pulled his sleeves and looked back, only his body was fine, but the moody ugly man, Butotoko, greeted him with an angry face.
"It was a poison of Ki, young husband, -did you all stay outside?"
Heiji looked around the outside of the store. At the store with three frontages, half of the doors are down, but in the place where the store's lights are not lit, the Gifu lantern "Gifoya Uchin" is hung and the moon is above it, so Go There is no inconvenience.
"Everyone was outside. After all, it's so hot that I can't sleep because I'm afraid, though my ill-mannered younger brother, Sakukichi, should be on the second floor."
Tonomatsu was angry and said in a angry manner.
"Did the new building stay inside?"
"It's hot, but when I go out to the store, the people in the town can see my face, so I say I don't like it."
"I see."
The bell that had just come to the bride―, it was not unreasonable for people to see the face at Kiriyau [# "Kiriyau" as an emphasis mark], which was said to be the best in Ushigome.
"Boss, there is still surgery. Please take a look at it soon."
Needless to say to Hachigoro, Heiji should look at the corpse as soon as possible, but since there is something strangely said by Hachigoro that does not fall into his mind, it is a new memory. One of them is because I knew the arrangement and movement of people at that time in front of many people without doing any trivial work.
"Wait, if there is a goddamn person, he won't hurry, who was playing Go at that time?"
"Atsushi [#" Atsushi "is an emphasis mark] and his young husband Tonomatsu"
"I was so angry that Hachigoro's boss got angry."
The master was completely shy and scratched the polypoly small 鬢 《Kobin》.
"There is also a swordboard board, Shiyaugiban."
"It was the hermit next door and Mr. Tayoshi, the rice shop in the back-the women were stuck in two or three and talking wastefully."
"Did anyone move? Entering the house or something."
"I went into the store and screamed with a lantern from the storage room. There was moonlight, but my hands were dark."
"Oh?"
Heiji pushed the lantern as soon as he stretched out. At that time, the candle "Rafusoku" fell down, and the flame moved to Gifu lanterns, and Melamera burned up [# "Melameraha" is a mama].
Hachigoro helped and broke his bones to beat it, but he still left half the lanterns and the burning candles slammed onto the sewage lid and gradually. "Yuuya" was settled.

[# 9 indentation] 4 [# "4" is the middle heading]

A young woman's corpse is dyed in crimson << Ake >> and collapsed in Rokusai facing the courtyard between the two tatami mats.
It's neatly tidied up, but it looks like a new couple's room, and it's kind of glossy.
The corpse had its throat whistle 《Dobue》 scraped off from the left, and its legs were thrown to the porch, but it was still nice and squeezed on the half tatami mat.
There were rumors from Hachigoro, but the young bride lying in the flood of Hekketsu is truly extraordinary. Losing blood, with a pale face and an unnatural dwarf on his lips, his wide open eyes are staring at the other side.
"Is it a boss?"
The face was picked up by an elderly man named Tokuan in Kagurazaka.
"Did you have Tokuan-sensei? What did you do with Ki?"
"This bride has a sword, so she must have committed suicide, but there are times when she doesn't get into it a little."
Tokuan-sensei exhales the long breath of Li Tieguai Sennin. The handle of the charity "Kuwa" is a goat beard, which is also a sesame salt, and it looks old in the world, but in the old days, such a person was trusted. When Heiji urges him to come back,
"-The wound on my throat is scratching my neck, but I pulled the blade from behind. I can't pull it with my own hand.-I pull the blade forward with my own hand. No matter how much you adjust, you can get rid of your throat. "
The wound started deeply on the side of the throat whistle, and ended deeply under the left | earlobe.
"Isn't the blade different?"
"No, it's not wrong. I cut it with the blade of the corpse."
The corpse has a sword that uses a fine shark skin, "Samegaha", and is an armor enthusiast, not an ordinary aikuchi.
"What about the pod?"
"I didn't start from the beginning"
"Don't you know this item?"
Heiji looked back on his husband, Saburo Hartwell.
"I know it well. It's a Yoroi-dori that I got from my old master when I was still praised, and it's a product of the martial arts of my master."
"Because it was placed in what place"
"It should be in the chest of drawers in the next room-but it should be known to everyone in the house."
"Well"
Hachigoro stopped Heiji from starting up.
"Boss, please wait for me. Isn't that a little bit of a blade?"
"Did you also have Ki?"
"Wipe it once and apply blood again, right? There are traces of wiping on the cloth at the base of the corpse, and on the corpse's blade, put it on. The wiped marks are also left behind. "
Hachigoro's head is also inside / \ works well.
"Is that the case? -For you, I'm gonna make a lot of ki."
"There is a reason for Ki. When Atsushi [#" Atsushi "has an emphasis mark] saw the corpse, there was nothing in the corpse's hand."
"What? Did you miss the blade?"
"There is no way that there is no suicide or self-harm. The Buddha who pokes his throat cannot hide the suicide."
"It's a cave, I'm sure it's said that there was no blade."
"That's why Atsushi [#" Atsushi "is a side point] flew to Myojin-shita and pulled out the boss, isn't it? Everyone says it's suicide, but I can't help it. "
"I'm going to ask Dr. Tokuan, Yoshiwa Katsuta. Hey, did the corpse have a blade at first?"
Heiji was completely nervous. The incident is an unthinkable exhibition.
"No, I had a sword. When I sneaked with the messenger, Hachigoro's boss was already dead."
"Then, isn't it wrong with eight? It's not that easy to give the dead a blade."
The blade is definitely held in the right hand of the corpse, and there is no mistake in hanging the finger.
"No, I can't say anything about it. When I die for a while, the body of the dead becomes stiff. Even with the tension of "Danmatsuma", it is possible to get a good grip. "
It is not a work that comes out well because of the delicate time relationship.

[# 9 indentation] 5 [# "5" is the middle heading]

"What did you find first?"
Heiji looked around the four sides again. There are only three people, Saburo Hyogo, the master, Tonomatsu, and Hachigoro.
"That was my daughter's sleeve."
"Would you like to call me here?"
"Hey, sleeves, sleeves"
When my husband claps his hand, he doesn't even reply-maybe he replied in his mouth, but it was sixteen or seven that he opened the shoji on the porch and gave him a face. It was a pretty girl.
"-"
To do a ritual at the end
"I'll tell you that my boss is for you."
"Yes"
"No, it's not a big deal. Don't get too stiff."
"-"
The face looking up at Heiji, swallowing gollum and sighing, was painfully nervous to start crying.
"Can you tell me the story of" Atosaki "?"
"Hi-I used to look around from time to time because the house was empty. My younger daughter, Saki, was crazy about talking to her neighbors and didn't know how many she went to. I went to see my brother (Sakukichi), who is on the second floor of the table, just in case, but he went to the Mitarai, and I can't see it on the floor. When I got off the back ladder and looked into the room of my sister (bride's bell), there was no light, and she was lying down in the moonlight. When"
The sleeves seemed to remind me of that time, and I was able to sway myself by saying something.
"Did you meet anyone?"
"I won't meet anyone"
"What is the figure in the garden?"
"I didn't get the ki, because I was already crazy about it."
"At that time, did the newly built bell have a blade in his hand?"
"Well, up to that point-I thought maybe I had it."
It's no wonder that the defeated little girl wasn't in the hands of the corpse.
"I was surprised by my daughter's voice and everyone stood up. When I was surprised and jumped in, I was surprised."
The master Saburo Hyogo is a supplement.
"The light at that time"
"Iwasaburo, who is a servant, came to me with a lantern from the store."
Heiji turned to his young husband, Tonomatsu.
"Have you ever had a ki on the outside?"
"No-nothing, but all I don't understand."
Tonomatsu is in a bad mood without any conflict.
"Did you know that the blade was in your new hand?"
"I jumped in with Hachigoro's boss, but-I think there's nothing in the hands of the bell-but this may be my mistake."
Tonomatsu says this to a stick that is cut off.
"Then did you move to the side of the corpse?"
"I immediately flew to the goddamn.-There must have been a father and sister left here-Hachigoro's boss saw that the bell had run out, and I I jumped out with my sister and flew to Myojin. "
"The only thing left after that time was my husband and my daughter."
"Do you growl? -But I was struck by the fact that I was afraid, so I took a peek upstairs."
The master Saburo Hyogo will go to work without a bunch of satori.
Heiji rented a light and looked around the garden under the porch, but in the sunshine garden, there was a broom, a beautiful cleaning, and a song. There is nothing like a footprint on the broom, and the porch is a dead end, so if the bell was killed by a person, the songwriter would not enter from the outside, but sneak up from the corridor. Then, I suddenly turned my hand from behind and cut my throat.
"I will borrow my daughter for a while."
When Heiji stood up, his sleeve picked up the candle and was scared / \ and followed it. Going a little down the corridor, I invited him into a neat and tidy room under the ladder, and Hachigoro knew that he was keeping an eye on the corridor like a guard dog.
"What was the armor enthusiast who pierced the throat of Mr. Osamu and Mr. Suzu?"
"I should have been in this room."
In response to Heiji's question, my daughter pointed to a chest of drawers in the corner of the room. After that, there was no place to put a chest of drawers in the storage room, maid's room, living room, Buddha, etc. ..
If you open the drawers of the chest of drawers one by one from the bottom, you will find a scabbard with a scabbard through the armor in the third drawer. There was no mistake that blood was attached to it, and when I brought it under the light, there was no blood attached to it, and instead the whole scabbard-especially Kohiguchi You can't miss the fact that the Park tree around the area is wet.
"My daughter, I'll know something about you. Don't be foolish, please tell me."
"No, I'm nothing--"
The sleeves shake their heads. The face that was made to be tense is strangely cute and painful, and it strikes people's hearts as soon as it sees the hard / \ flower buds.
"If you have something to say, please confide. Hey, my daughter."
Heiji once again said, leaving his sleeve alone and slipping out of the room, he invited Hachigoro, who was waiting in the corridor, to go up the ladder on the second floor.
"Boss, I wonder if the bell was killed by Honto. If it was killed, who would be the bad guy?"
Hachigoro is curious and asks a pie, climbs the ladder, and then asks Heiji.
"There is no sword with a songwriter from the outside. There is a dead end on the porch, and there is a pie person at the storefront.-Suzu was looking backwards at the moon with peace of mind.-Song He took out an armorer from the next room and stabbed him, but after that he wiped the sword and returned it to the original scabbard in the next room, but Ki struck again. Take out the sword and let it be held by the corpse, put blood on the scabbard, then wash and wipe the blood on the scabbard-a little blood oozes on the hand wipe on the porch. It's a terrifying, terrifying songwriter. First of all, there's no hurry to do that much. "
"Who will do it"
"I still don't know."
If you go up to the second floor and go a little, there is a closed room even though it is hot, and the light is leaking from inside.
"Please excuse me. Are you on holiday?"
"No, I'm still awake. Who?"
It was a weak voice with wrinkles.
"Please excuse me"
Heiji opened the Karagami and entered it. The sick person's head in the mosquito net, with the smell of puns and stamens, looks pale at one point.
"What do you want?"
"I'm Heiji under Myojin, but I'm often asked about the death of a new building."
"I'm a sick person on the street, and it's a painful place."
Although he tried to get up again, he coughed badly and fell on the floor again. It is the body of / \.
"Please, in the meantime-it's poisonous to you, but if you ask me a little bit,"
"I'm sorry, I didn't have such a good feeling. It wasn't so much before, but when I fell into the moat, I suddenly got sick because I caught a cold. Nowadays, three My sister will bring me to this place
It was a delicate man, but as Hachigoro played it, it was a man of Naka / \.
"Do you know who threw you into the moat?"
Heiji's question started from a strange place.
"I can't see anything at all.-I was back in Fujimi-cho because of the luck of the luck."
"By the way, don't you know what happened when Suzu died? I see it as being killed by a person, not suicide."
Heiji confessed that he was crazy.
"I don't know anything about it. It's a big separation up to this point, and-because the housekeeper started to cheat, I crushed the gall bladder-"
The crab is quietly received without much surprise.
"Do you have any feelings for someone who will kill you?"
"Saa"
The face of the sea urchin is distorted painfully by the light. Heiji rounded up to the utmost. I couldn't pull out any more.

[# 9 indentation] 6 [# "6" is the middle heading]

"Eight, don't be lazy to have your washcloth."
"I have it"
Heiji asked a strange thing in the middle of the ladder stage.
"Lend me a little.-I can't make it in time for just one of me."
"Is this okay?"
"It's a dirty washcloth, just use a loincloth and a washcloth to make it a freshly cut baritsu. Young people can't find it."
"That's what my uncle is like."
"It's a piety. I'll carry the towel of my uncle who died three years ago with me until when.-I squeeze the towel with a water bowl and squeeze it tightly. Come on .-- What would you do if you were told to lend a loincloth in the introduction? The sword of my father's keepsake, who died seven years ago, is the flag of filial piety. It won't be
Heiji was wiping the ladder steps from top to bottom, saying waste, but he stopped halfway and passed through the lights downstairs.
"What's wrong, boss"
"Shitsu, the voice is high. The loud voice is only when you say waste,-Look at this, you can't grasp the ji or ki just by looking at it, but the hand towel is honest and lightly pink. There's something that was there-it's definitely blood. When the blood that arrives on all fours climbs the ladder steps- "
"Then, that blue gourd" Aobeutan "guy has a brother-in-law."
Heiji raised his hand and pushed him to the point where Hachi stood up.
"I don't know if it's quiet, but I don't know.-Maybe it's the blood that came from the hem of the kimono. Is there anyone who wears such a kimono without knowing it?
"Hee"
"Then, look at the dead bride's bell, the negotiations with the people in the house, the rumors of the neighborhood, etc. |
"I've been in this house for three days, so most of the time I've been there."
"What happened?"
Heiji and Hachigoro stood on the porch. The moon is tilted, and the wind near the wind is felt.
"That territory's Tonomatsu is not like his father, his younger brother, or his sister's sleeve."
"I'm wondering about that too."
"Anything, that Tonomatsu is said to be like Kabutoya's father-in-law, Kabutoya. The deceased inner ritual was strangely loved by Soriya Ubiiki, His father, Saburo Hyogo, is growing up in a hurry. "
"-"
"In addition, as you can see from that aspect, these days, I've returned to Nosabari, cut through the helmet shop, and don't say anything to my father."
"You're a master son."
"As for the bride's bell, Honto was in the middle of being written down by his younger brother, Sakukichi, and the two of them were in the same ki, and the mother of the bell wanted to be the bride of the territory. It's my younger brother's disappointment that I'm sorry for the fact that I've been waiting for him. It's no wonder that he's being shown off and his illness gets worse. This is a rumor in the neighborhood. I don't know what kind of ki it was, without telling the dead. "
Hachigoro talks about such things.
"That's right, I'll ask you eight. The people in your neighborhood know that they aren't flying."
"What is your boss?"
"I have a little research. No, there is a person who talks to me from Satsuki earlier. I think I'll be waiting for that person in an unobtrusive place."
When Heiji went out from the garden entrance, he entered the precincts of Bishamon, not far from the back of the helmet shop. Bishamonti in Kagurazaka has the precincts of Zenkokuji Temple, and it is much wider than it is now.
When I sit down on the stone picking up next to the main hall, the person who comes from behind stands on the side of Heiji and waits for something to start with his neck. I'm here. Undoubtedly, it is the beaten figure of Saburo Hyogo, the owner of the helmet shop.
"boss"
Saburo Hyogo gradually cut his mouth.
"-"
Heiji finally accepted it. I won't say anything about it, but it's a very graceful attitude, looking up at the other person through the nightlight.

[# 9 indentation] Seven [# "Seven" is the middle heading]

"Mr. Kabuto, please tie me up, -it was this me who killed Kabuto's wife-Saburo Kabuto."
Saburo Hartwell said what he should have said, and as his power was exhausted, he collapsed in front of the stone on which Heiji hung, and smashed into the same rubble.
This man has no samurai-ness that tells his old identity, neither in his width nor in his luck, and he is a mere old man who is almost 60 years old and is apparently completely exhausted.
"It can't be picked up by the hand, but-do you want to hear why?"
"I'll tell you. Now that I've said that my wife has committed suicide, I'm sorry that the boss doesn't make it to me.
"-"
Heiji urged the future.
"This is a promise of Yahari.-Until now, I've been hiding it, but-My soul, Tonomatsu of the territory, is mine. I'm not a real child. "
"It was rumored, but why?"
"Formerly I was a servant of the Great Hatamoto of 8,500 Ishitori. I'm sorry for the name of my husband. I was in a great position with a guardian name" Kamina ". The master made the servant hold his hand, and the jealousy of the servant was so terrible that he was pressed against me with a five-month belly. "
"-"
Heiji rang his tongue. It's ridiculous because there is no sloppy [# "sloppy" side point] in this society, and I have a plausible face on a daily basis.
"I received a large amount of money, and the unrighteous partner was banished from the mansion, saying that I was the one who was unrighteous. It's a pine tree. My wife couldn't forget the name "Tane" of Tonogi, so she gave it a name like Tonomatsu, not like a liquor store. Was born, but that is definitely my child, but because it doesn't have to be hot, it's called Kazuyoshi, sleeves, and this is also the name given to my wife's taste. There is. "
"-"
Hartwell is a story of a world that was beyond imagination.
"After ten years, my wife died, but my liquor store was prosperous, and the helmet store Kabutoya is now one of the best stores in the mountains. However, Tonomatsu seems to have heard of his deceased wife, and I'm just looking for my own personality. Now, I'm going around the helmet shop and not letting me talk. Masu "
"so?"
"My wife's bell was originally intended to accompany her younger brother, Suzukichi, and I was also happy, but my brother Tonomatsu came out from the side and forced me to be my wife. , I forcibly made me aware and became a married couple. I am a person who has a strong push for many minutes, not a person who refrains from parents and siblings. Besides, martial arts can go to the other side, so I don't think as much as Akuta .-- In fact, the other day my brother, Suzumo, was sunk into the moat of Mitsuke, and who did it? 》 Or, I used to be there. The world is talking about the misfortune that was mistaken for his brother Tonomatsu, but in any darkness, that Nio 樣's god. There must be a lonely guy who mistakes for his brother Tonomatsu and Hiyoro Hiyoro's younger brother Suzumo. "
"-"
"This happened because I made a mistake, and I can't help but regret it now. The bride also threw a spoon.-I hate that Tonomatsu. I don't know if I decided to stab him to death, but I'm good at it. I couldn't kill the master Tonomatsu with my own hands, and on top of that, I hated it in my stomach because I used to be the seed of my husband / \, even though I hated it burningly. I couldn't help it, and even more so, I thought about killing my wife's bell, which Tonomatsu was crazy about, and lowering the spoon. The familiar bell was gradually struck by Tonomatsu, and nowadays, I don't even talk to him, perhaps because he also serves as Tonomatsu's ki.-I'm in the middle of Go's advice. Then, I decided to go inside the house and bring a light, and brought out an armored sword. "
Saburo Hyogo was drowning in his own tears, even though he had no words.
"Wakatsu, but who made that corpse hold the aikuchi?"
"That's me too-to make it look like my wife committed suicide."
"Well, that's okay, but my husband, -that's why you shouldn't think that Heiji will be fooled."
"boss"
"You also missed it. It's a country of Kochitora [#" Kochitora "is an emphasis mark] to dispose of the inconvenience of the master and think that it is loyal. It doesn't work. I raised a tiger cub as if it were a cat, and when I was bitten by my hand later, I wouldn't be angry with anyone. Rabbits shouldn't do anything extraordinary. If you abandon your personal obsession, things will go unnoticed. It's okay to take care of your younger brother, Mr. Satoshi, until someone takes over what you thought about in your stomach. It is difficult to open the words and words in front of the Enma rope, but Atsushi [# "Atsushi" has an emphasis mark] is deceived by the mouth and the rope is not overwhelming. "
"Ah, boss"
"I'm going back"
When you turned your back and went out,
"Did you stay in such a place, boss?"
Hachigoro flies over the town of Hagi like a horse.
"I think I'll be back"
"What do you do with the bad guys?-As the boss told me, I saw the hem of everyone's kimono, but it's terrible blood. My sister's sleeves are well-dressed, so it's safe. After that, everyone has blood on their sleeves. "
Hachigoro is the key to this case, which is the key to this case.
"Even if it's a rope, it's Hachigoro who keeps the Jitte capture, and the hem and elbows have terrible blood on them. If it becomes, Hachigoro will be tied up first. "
"I'm not kidding"
"But that sleeve and ifu girl is a good girl. I've never seen such a girl who turns around. For eight brides, a little--"
It's Heiji, who doesn't agree with each other.
× × × ×
"Who killed the bride of the helmet shop in Sakanmachi, the boss. I was wondering if I would ask one day."
In the fall, Hachigoro invited him to a tea ceremony one day.
"Because the bad guy is dead, I don't mind if I break it anymore."
"I'm dead-Is that younger brother's slaughter? It was a body that didn't move."
"It's scary to work hard. I may have followed him later and hung a voice, but since he was an old corpse, the bell wasn't good enough. I cut my throat from behind. . Aikuchi was wiped with a corpse kimono and squeezed into the original chest of drawers. I still don't know why I got to squeeze the sword, but my brother Tonomatsu Or was it because it was an important corpse of his father, and he thought that he shouldn't put it back to his place? It's the corpse that was there. "
"-"
"Then, I was exhausted and climbed up the ladder on all fours. The blood on my hands was gradually attached."
"-"
"After that, my husband, Saburo Hyogo, went. I saw the corpse of my wife and crushed the sword, but this man was horribly timid even though he was a samurai servant, so he was shy at the Gifu lantern. I turned on the lanterns and brought them to the storefront, but since the candles weren't often standing on the nails, I was struck by the heat for almost a moment and the candles became soft. I fell down and burned the lantern just by touching it. "
"Hey, I see."
"At that time, I thought my husband was suspicious. When my daughter's sleeve came with a lantern, my father's sword was a sword, so I immediately went into the house and saw the corpse of my brother's wife, nothing. He was also afraid. That girl is said to be seventeen, but she is not only terrifyingly well-behaved, but also a big-hearted girl. He brought it from the lantern, smeared it with blood and let it be held by the dead bell, pretended to be self-harming, turned back to the next room, and wiped the carp mouth of the sheath of the armor. It seems that even a skillful daughter couldn't get enough of the fact that the hand wipes on the lanterns had a little blood on them and that invisible blood spilled on the ladder steps. "
"I see."
"My husband, Saburo Hyogo, came to me as soon as I saw that my research was dangerous, but I couldn't tie him up. I'm a seriously ill person who doesn't know when he will die. I just couldn't help tying this up from the floor. "
"Hee"
"Then, when I was wearing Ki, Sakichi died shortly afterwards, and the owner of the helmet shop, Saburo Hyosuke, moved with his daughter's sleeves and two hermits. The pine tree has a strong push, so I'm sick of having a good personality.
"It's a confusing story, isn't it?"
"It's a humorous story-the one who gives birth to a child who isn't a goblin and tries to get rid of it with money is said to be the most sinful."
"Atsushi [#" Atsushi "is an emphasis mark] is okay."
"Because there is no partner and no money, it's too safe and there is no competition. Even a bride can be a kid. I think how many."
"Oh, it's started again. Please put it a little more. It's a posterity."
The third cup of clay bottle 《Dobin》 is empty, and the 蜩 《Higurashi》 is singing in the forest of Myojin.



Bottom book: "Complete Works of Heiji Hakugata, 21st 卷, Salmon Flying in the Dark" Dokosha
Issued on February 15, 1954 (Showa 29)
First appearance: "All things" Bungeishunju Shinsha
September 1953 (Showa 28) issue
* The title "Zenigata Heiji Prey" is not in the original, but it has been supplemented as a generally recognized title.
* The bottom book is a large scale of "ga" (ward number 5-86) used for counting things and place names.
Input: Harukaze, a specified non-profit organization
Proofreading: Hiroshi Kadota
Created on November 23, 2016
Revised March 4, 2017
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
