Daibosatsu Pass
Gallbladder winding
Kaizan Nakazato
-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]
"":ruby
(Example) Mt. Ibukiyama << Ibukiyama >>
｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Surprising |
[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Numbers are JIS X 0213 area area number, or original page and number of lines)
(Example) * [# "Kusakanmuri / Hair", Level 4 2-86-4]
-------------------------------------------------- -----
One
Yonetomo of Uji Yamada is digging the roots of trees steadily with the great Ibukiyama of Yamagata behind.
If you look at that point, it is exactly the southern foot of Mt. Ibuki, and if you look around it, you can see the wilderness, some of the miscellaneous trees have been knocked down, and the gall bladder spines have been cut off. is there. While digging a hoe toward a part of it, Yonetomo is digging the roots of a tree in a vague manner.
In a place where the sound of the hoe to be driven is so quiet that it returns echoes, it is the root of this tree that is obsessed with the roots of this tree, where one person drives the roots into the roots and earns money without shaking the side eyes. There is no such thing, and the purpose of digging up a number of stock roots in this way is not the effort to clear this land, that is, to cut the rough [# "raku" side point], but there must be other reasons. There is none.
Yonetomo started a land reclamation project under Mt.
This must be amazing if you look at this figure, but if you ask the path, it is extremely natural. As we will see later, when Yonetomo is steadfastly cutting [# "Emphasis mark"],
"Yonetomo-san--"
Suddenly, what appeared from the forest behind me was a towel with my sister Ane's turnip, and a basket with some vegetables in it. It was Oyuki-chan who smiled and called out.
"You'll get the best"
"Yup"
When Yonetomo was also resting on the hoe, Oyuki-chan gradually approached and
"Please take a rest"
"Dore"
That said, Yonetomo threw the hoe and sat down on one of the wood stocks that he hadn't dug up yet. It should also be a solace for mental and physical fatigue-American Indians can't do the trick of taking a break from the fire hoe. With my hips wholesaled, my hands on my lap, my eyes look like monkeys, and I'm staring at Oyuki-chan's face.
"Friend, how about one?"
With that said, Oyuki-chan took out a persimmon fruit like the crimson "Kurenai" of the coral "Sango" from the basket and gave it to Yonetomo.
"Thank you"
Yonetomo pulled out the towel that was sandwiched between his waist, and after looking at the coral-like persimmon fruit given by Oyuki-chan, he grabbed it and put his teeth on it. I grabbed it.
"It ’s sweet, is n’t it?"
"Sweet"
"Let's give another one"
"Thank you"
It seems that Oyuki-chan is still keeping many in her eyes. It seems that if you give them several at a time, you will have trouble with the procedure to bring them to your mouth for the time being, so you take them out of the basket one by one and give them to your friends.
"Shall I peel it up?"
"Okay, okay"
Yuki-chan shows his favor to cut out a cutout of "Tsumikusayo" for plucking from the basket and peel the persimmon fruit for Yonetomo. He said it wasn't enough. That's right, as a rice friend, I don't spare the vitamins between the skin and the meat, but this coral-like small persimmon fruit is elegantly peeled or halved. There is no such thing as a graceful way to bring it into your mouth. Put the persimmon fruit on Yonetomo, and Oyuki-chan
"Tomo-san-I wanted to ask you, but what kind of person is that lady?"
I know that it's not Oyuki-chan's trick to buy it with a persimmon fruit and then put a sickle on it, and Yonetomo is also very different from the main character of the old story "Once upon a time". Actually, it is decided that he is not a man who will be bought by one or two sickles, that is, Oyuki-chan is quiet around here on this occasion, and behind him is Yamagata Yuei Mt. In the absence of people in the newly reclaimed land, who is watching as "Gozen", I would like to interpret by this person the articles that do not fall into the gall bladder that I could not ask on a daily basis. The hope that had been there would have just happened to appear here.
"Yeah-that is"
Yonetomo's reply was unexpected | I asked an inadvertent question and saw that I couldn't get rid of it, and even Oyuki-chan might have been a little worried, but it's surprisingly soft. It was a response, so when I was relieved,
"That's a weirdo, that's a weirdo."
Yonetomo first took the idea down from the head to the person who asked him, "Mako", and Oyuki-chan was also taken aback.
"Weirdo!"
Whether it was a weirdo or an ordinary person, I didn't ask it. Anyone can understand such a proposal at first glance without asking a person, and if you just go out with him for a while, a person called a young lady-the one who is called a young lady here is the silver of Arinomura. It goes without saying that it is synonymous with it-I don't know what I'm not an ordinary person, so I don't have to ask my American friend again for such a meaningless proposal. However, it is a little strange considering how close the main person of this reply, that is, Uji Yamada's Yonetomo, who calls the other party to be a weirdo, is a normal person, but this is also the conclusion of this reply. If you look at it as if you used the argument between induction yesterday and deduction in reverse, you can't help but leave a little more hope and listen.
"Um-I'm a weirdo, it's weird, that girl is that, and the house is pretty rich."
I understand that, the fact that there is an authority on financial power that is not a great chaebol in the background of Ogin-sama was something that Oyuki-chan knew since Fuwa no Seki.
"Well, yeah, I know that-I also know that the house is the richest person in Kai Province, the one who doesn't know-yes, if you don't know, Everywhere and here, there are only places that we can't understand, and we don't even know where or how to ask. "
"Um, hey, my heart is hurt. That's why I was originally a good girl, you look good, that street looks good, and my heart is uplifted." So, even though she was dignified and full of women, she was a good woman just because she was born to a landlord, but after her face was hurt, her heart was hurt. I'm done. "
"Well ..."
At that time, Yonetomo's reply was finally about to get stuck in Oyuki-chan's jar. Since I had raised the issue first, I was finally confused about how I was going, but now I'm about to get on the thread, so Oyuki-chan is happy.
"Well, sorry."
"Um, I'm sorry to say that I'm sorry, but I don't think I'm sorry-I'm more of a selfish molecule than I'm sorry. "Naremee"
"Yeah"
"Because the face is hurt, it's hard to hurt the heart, because human beings are more important than the face."
At this point, the focus that seemed to fit in the jar fell into the mediocre and extreme myth.
Human beings are more important than their face-there is no such transparent compliment, but there is no better or other comfort word for the ugly woman. I know that a person who should be a US friend said such a mediocre myth is just one kind of interjection, so I will not disappoint Oyuki-chan.
"Why did you get so injured on your face?"
"Yeah, that's right, I got burned, I burned it completely with fire when I was a kid, rather than burning the surface with fire, I picked up that surface from the fire. So, I'm satisfied with the five bodies, but only that side-But, Oyuki-chan, in front of you, I'm saying what a woman is, but in the end, only the side is personal. Hey-- "
"Why do you hear that, Mr. Yonetomo?"
"Why do women have to shake their five bodies on a stick to ruin their lives if they have a bad face? Besides the good and bad faces, there is no personality of a woman. I wonder. I wish I had a good face again ... I can't enjoy it. "
"Ho, ho, ho"
And Yuki-chan got a little crazy,
"That's the important thing about the face, whether it's a woman or a man-Isn't it all important that you're not human? Because that lady suffered such a terrible injury when she was little, then you say. It's natural to hurt your heart, right? "
"But that lady wasn't just hurt, she was hurt, then she was retaliated, and then she was retaliated, and then, hey, curse, curse. Then, I became hatred, I became revenge ... Now, the original occurrence of being out of my hands is not the accidental injury of a burn, that daughter's stepmother << remains It was the curse, hatred, and revenge of that girl that a man named Haha tried to burn her to death in order to get her child to take home. Nowadays, no matter who says what, I can't handle it. "
"But it's pretty kind, I'm hungry, and it's easy to understand, where is it ..."
"That's it, if you even like it, it will improve it forever, and if it's a bad stage, you have to kill people. But I don't think I'm scared at all. "
"Well, Yonetomo seems to be that lady's favorite, and even if you say pompoms in front of that lady, only Yonetomo doesn't seem to bother you at all, but others Everyone seems to be tingling. "
"I'm not using babies because I want to like them, but I'm surprised that everyone is a demon or a snake. But I don't want to be crazy-- "
Yonetomo is good at it, and I feel like laughing a little. At that time, Oyuki turned to Mt.
"Friend, isn't that a young lady who came over there?"
When Yonetomo looked at Touma in the forest where Oyuki-chan pointed,
"Ah!"
I rolled my tongue.
"It looks like you're coming over here."
"Yup"
"I shouldn't see you, goodbye, Mr. Yonetomo."
"Well, that's okay."
"But I'm scared."
"Nani, are you scared?"
It wasn't just the figure of the person who was seen as a silver-sama that appeared from the shadow of the forest-after that, the horse that pulled a pack animal and the horse that accompanied the horse, and the cost There is only one wind, that is, each of these two will follow the terrifying silver-sama with a two-length gap. Ogin-sama stands in front of him, and as a "genzen", he walks in the masked appearance of the example, and slowly and steadily kneads toward us. It's a straightforward path, so of course, it must pass to the site where this American friend is cutting [# "araku" as an emphasis mark].
Oyuki-chan hid herself in the forest behind her without hiding.
Yonetomo picks up the hoe again and silently begins to root the tree.
Since it is the source of the gallbladder ridge, which has no houses, it seems to be close or far away, and even after the figure is clearly recognized, as you can see, it will be kneaded swayingly, so it will take a long time to come to this place. I need it.
The reason why Oyuki-chan left this place is not that he doesn't like the person named Gin-sama, and that it doesn't mean that he's sprouting bad faith, but somehow he should be careful. You probably didn't want to stand for the time being.
Yonetomo had no straitjacket to avoid Gin-sama, so he was continuing to dig up the roots of the tree.
"Friend"
"What is it?"
After a while, a uniform response began. Someday, Ogin-sama stands in front of Yonetomo's careful root digging. Yonetomo doesn't lift his head, he doesn't rest his work,
"Is it for something?"
I answered.
As a US friend, I didn't feel the shrinkage that I had to take a rest and pay homage to my work because this person came, and as if I treated Oyuki-chan at all, the roots of the tree anyway. Did you not recognize the need to take care of yourself, or did you think that there would be no end to the days when you would rest your hands and sit down on the roots every time a person came? When I'm working
"It will be a lot of work."
To compliment from the other party,
"Nah ni"
Yonetomo was using a hoe while replying with the tip of his nose, without even looking at him.
This kind of work is very praised when seen by Sontoku Ninomiya, but Yonetomo does not work this way because of the praise, and Ogin-sama is also a servant. I didn't come here with the intention of seeing the work of "Kinda".
"Friend"
"What?"
"I have something to ask you."
At that time, Yonetomo rested the hoe's hand for the first time, stretched his hips, applied the hoe's handle to the chin, and recovered to the silver-sama.
"What the hell are you asking me?"
"Hey, I want you to go"
"Che ..."
Said Yonetomo.
It does not mean that you will not listen to your request. It's noisy to go to the place where you are digging the roots of the tree with all your might, but depending on the situation, Ogin-sama, who knows that it is not necessary to listen to the request, is obsessed with the tongue of Yonetomo. Not
"I would like you to go to Nagahama with these people."
"Nagahama--"
"Eh-go to Nagahama to exchange money, your friends just have to be careful, because everything is up to these people."
Until this time, I had to step on the shadow of Ogin-sama, and at intervals of about two lengths, I used to be a bow and a horse, and a very obedient pack animal that followed it. I saw it in the stream.
"In other words, I just have to keep up with the bouncer."
"Yes, I'm asking these people for everything, it's just a job to bring money from here and then replace that money with the money that can be used here. However, since it's about money, I want someone to have a solid companion, so I came up with a friend, so please be careful. "
"Oh, oh, no matter which way I go, I'm made to be used as a bouncer--"
Said Yonetomo, but he didn't look down on himself, he didn't refuse to be asked, and he picked up the hoe and took a small stream of sideways. Go to the place, wash your hands, and then stroke the bluble and two faces with water, then pull out the towel on your waist and wipe it off with a random hoe. The preparations for the outing "Yosoyuki" have been completed.
With one pack animal inside, one horse, a horse-sided handicraft style, and Uji Yamada's Yonetomo (an example of a cane spear is an accessory) go back and forth, and this one character road is toward Nagahama Kaido. Go to. Looking behind him, Ogin-sama stood beside the roots of the tree that Yoneto had dug up until now, and saw him off far and far.
When the party on the right disappeared behind the forest ｜ Plexus 《Sotaku》, there was only one silver figure in the clear land of the wide wilderness.
This time was just midday, so it was a day when the back and Indian summer smelt the smell of the soil in the cultivated land, but the silver-sama turned around and turned to Mt. At the time of facing each other, I remembered that Mt. Ibuki suddenly spread its wings and approached Ogin-sama.
Two
Therefore, Ogin-sama pushed the mountain from the clearing ground on the right, swaying and swaying, so as to answer the challenge of Mt.
Unlike the straight road that used to pull horses, this time around the forest along Araku [# "Araku" as an emphasis mark], another landscape was developed there.
When the hillside came here, it showed the gentle taste of the carve again, and although the grand view of the magnificent gall bladder itself did not move much, the taste of the hem changed completely.
At the foot of the 3rd station on the right, you can see a lot of pine trees in the area, and to the left you can see several ridges of the shop in the forest. After that, it is clear that there is a huge mansion behind the ridge that flows from Yataka to Anegawa, and there is a stance that may be better called a castle ruin. I stood at a point like this.
The eyes of the silver-sama, who swayed and pushed the mountain, went up to the back of this vast mansion or the castle, and his feet went up to the toes.
At that time, there were two objects that rolled out of the forest on the way out, and ran toward us.
Although it was unexpected, this is not surprising. Two farmers, who are the ordinary mountain farmers in this region, wore work clothes and carried a basket on their backs. There is no doubt that this is a side business peculiar to this area, or a spill of herb removal from Mt. However, what surprised me a little was that one of the two people, who were in a hurry and rushed, ran like something chased by something while holding something in their chests. I just see that the body of things is not calm.
When I finally approached them, they were full of scratches on their foreheads and hands, and their kimonos were torn apart. With a strange fear and shyness, I came to the point where I passed by the silver, but unexpectedly, my pace slowed down, and while looking at what I held in my chest for the rest of my life, what? I would like to appeal to Kao Gin-sama's curiosity.
"No, I met a hard time."
"What's wrong?"
Gin-sama had no choice but to answer.
"I caught the eagle cub, the eagle cub ..."
"Eagle child ..."
I told him to show what he was holding in his chest, and when Ogin-sama reviewed it with Atsushi, it was wrapped in a tattered furoshiki, but he lived inside. I could see the movement of the furoshiki swelling.
"Show me"
"Take off on this street"
They boasted that when they showed the knot of the furoshiki a little, a raptor chick with a beak that was about to turn yellow, even though it was young, gazed at the person's eyes. I'm about to jump off.
"Well, where did you catch it?"
"I found it on the top of the cliff of Suzuriishi, so I took a break from work and caught it, but no, I killed it for a day and took my life. I'm sorry for the fact that people are full of wounds and have fallen off high cliffs, and that life is being shattered. "
"It's rare"
"The eagle cub is a monjayaki that can be easily caught, and if you can find it even in the parent bird, then go up with that claw ... It's a life-threatening job, but the parent bird is away. Hey "
"Then, you guys, what are you going to do with this bird that you have caught?"
"here we go--"
When asked by Ogin-sama, they forgot to look at Kao again.
"I think I should take it to my house and keep it."
"Well, what are you going to do with food?"
Then, they were folded by Ogin-sama, and they looked at each other again.
"here we go--"
"What do you want to eat?"
"That's right-whatever you do, you can't give a special thing to this person, so let's eat millet" awa "and 稗" hie "as much as we do. I think I should raise it. "
"you can not"
Ogin-sama kicked the two farmers' words out of their heads, so they also made their eyes black and white.
"Can't you?"
"A bird called an eagle does not eat millet or Japanese millet."
"Is that so?"
"That's right"
"Then, what should I eat?"
They are bodies that are asking for mercy toward the silver-sama. They just broke the day's work of herb-picking, a legitimate profession, because of their interest in finding the raptor's cub and the tension of catching it. Although he came to capture this bird from the nest for the sake of life, he did not give much consideration to the disposal method before and after that. Just like catching a small bird or a mountain bird, for the time being, all that was left was a vague budget that would be reasonably good if you put all the millet you had and then find the right buyer. I was upset because I was denied it by my head because of the silver.
"If it's not alive, I won't eat it, because the eagle is the king of birds."
"Oh, you're left. Are you sure you want to live or anything that is alive?"
"Even if it's a living thing, you can't feed it with lizards or locusts. If it's not the meat of a living thing, an eagle cub won't grow up. For the time being, a rabbit is good."
"Do you want to feed the live meat of rabbits?"
"Yeah every day-when it gets a little bigger, one or two will not be enough."
"I can't even hit it, I can't eat a couple of rabbits every day."
The one who was holding him screamed as if he could eat himself.
"Don't worry about the story being so complete."
At this time, the two of them turned their faces blue for the first time.
In fact, at this time, for the first time, I thought that it was too much to keep the son of the king of birds, even if it was a single bird, in the hands of these two people. I must have had to do it.
"Know what you want, who wants it, find a good buyer and sell it."
"That's it"
Silver received the two people saying this and sighing,
"If you guys give me a good price, I'll buy it."
"Well, will your wife buy it?"
"Well, if you can sell it, give it to me."
"What's going on"
"But-because I came here for the sake of my life."
They also want to sell it, and even so, there is a great deal of untappedness in handing over what they have caught for life without showing it to their neighbors. It seems.
Perhaps the unsuccessful response spoiled the interest of Gin-sama, and Gin-sama did nothing to push the bad guys, leaving them behind and moving forward swayingly. It was.
The two left behind were pondering whether to sell or not, and still stunnedly standing with the raptor cubs in their arms after the silver-sama went. Ogin-sama is the distance between those who walk and those who do not walk, so there is a considerable gap, but this hilarious customer is like a customer who cuts clothes on the banks of the Yanagihara River. It seems that there is no tactic of waiting for the recall of, and although they walk away refreshingly, the two unskilled people still can not leave, they look stupid and look behind the silver. I'm just seeing off.
In this way, the two people who couldn't leave until the appearance of Ogin-sama became smaller, looked at each other again,
"Well, it seems that the ground after the castle has sold these days-isn't it the wife who comes to that castle?"
"Maybe so"
"Because I'm talking about being the richest man in the country--"
"That's right-then it might be better to sell it before you change your mind."
At that time, both of them rolled upside down and trembled, chasing after Gin-sama,
"Hey"
"Already"
"Already"
"Goshinzo-sama"-"
"The wife after the castle"
When he was called and looked back,
"Oh, how much do you buy this bird?"
"As much as you want, give as much price as you want."
"e!"
The two of them were forced to make the second phrase again there.
Three
At last, the street transaction for the sale of raptors was not completed, and finally Gin-sama hid himself in the castle ruins from the major collapse gate.
The two farmers left behind in the moat are still looking at the inside of the gate, which is vaguely swallowing the other person, with a stupid face. It's just.
Then, as the first street, a furoshiki wrapping with a bird prince was put on the arm of one of the two men who were vaguely left behind without holding anything in the hands of the silver who entered the gate. It is held carefully.
One was chasing after saying that he would sell it, and one seemed to offer to buy as much as he wanted without any thread, but the transaction was not made, one went into the gate empty-handed, and the other was blunt and stocked the goods. The body I'm doing is a little strange.
However, as a transaction, when the silver-sama entered from the collapse gate of the major after the castle without having anything, the sound of the ax and the sound of the chisel were already heard as "Katsukatsu". Is transmitted.
It seems that the inside of the house is now in the time of active general maintenance.
The silver-sama who entered from the major collapse gate, as a hawker, sees this territory as the sound of ax, the sound of an ax, and the sound of a chisel, if you look at this territory with the fact that the spirit of my face does not change further. I can't help but hear that things are not the sounds of others, but the sounds of things that are driven by one's own power. Facts-Ogin-sama's ideals, plans, and executions during this time are beginning to take place here in reality.
Some people may be suspicious that there is some difficulty in geography and policy, and that there is an oxymoron just by saying that.
First, at that time, with the introduction of Mr. Sekimori of Fuwa Seki, Ogin bought a fairly large estate in the land of Nishimino, and did not ask for the help of Kujiro Okazaki, but under the guidance of Amaka Nishida. Here, without asking, selfish, free, no oppressor and no oppressor, no exploiter and no exploiter, but new with control and self-sufficiency As I said before, I tried to create a kingdom and made it happen, but the land was the story of that time, since Mr. Takauji Ashikaga. It was said that the land of the Mizuno family of Nishimino, a famous family, would be taken over, but when you come here, as you can see, this is from the southern foot of Mt. ――What kind of changes have occurred during that time, or as a result of the field survey, there is a story about the land of Kita-Omi, where the land of Nishi-Mino feels lacking in some plans, and suddenly it seems. I don't know if it has changed or not, but even though it's Kita Omi, it's a terrain that continues to Nishimino, so it's flexible and, as the reality shows, she's a kingdom here. It seems that it was decided to lay the foundation of "Ishizue".
This neighborhood, that is, the ruins of the old castle in Kyogoku | Joheiji Temple, Fujikawa on the left, and the small high point from Yataka to Anekawa on the right. If you look at the vast land of the "castle ruins" with your own face and this haughty walk, the land around here is just within the ownership of this person. It seems that the repair and reconstruction of the part called "Kohokudo" in the castle ruins will become the Queen's palace and the main mountain of the new ideal boundary. ..
There was an elderly man with a light blue crest on his stroking hair, which appeared from the back.
"Well, did you go home?"
"Okay"
"Please be assured that the Hikyaku people were able to leave without delay."
"Thank you for your hard work"
It seems that you have seen the light blue crest on the stroked hair, but it makes sense, this is Fuwa Sekiya's Sekimori who tried to make love with himself by burning a short whistle in the fire pot. It was Mr.
Looking at the tactics, it is certain that this man has stopped the Fuwa Sekiya's guardianship since then and came here to take on the role of the head of the business of Ogin-sama. ..
Here, Mr. Sekimori on the right guides the selfish queen on the right and stands in front of him, and guides every corner of Gangbuk-den for the sake of the silver. Along the way, when I spelled out what I explained, the Gangbuk-den had almost the following history.
The castle is the old castle of Mr. Kyogoku Sasaki, and the Gangbuk-den is said to have been the Kyogoku house. Mr. Kyogoku is the lord of the six counties of Gangbuk, and has been a daimyo since the time of Genko Kenmu. The fact that he is a well-known family, such as receiving the treatment of Hideyoshi Toyotomi, does not need to be explained by Mr. Sekimori of Fuwa Sekiya, and there is ample reserve for the knowledge of the history of Ogin-sama. Ogin-sama is not unsatisfied with making the entire house shape of the famous family his own.
Mr. Sekimori, Fuwa, goes around every corner of the house, points to this place, hits his place, and explains the reason of the earth to Gin-sama, reminiscent of the composition of the old residence, and almost follows the point. After that, when I returned to a part of the residence for silver, Mr. Sekimori naturally broke up and returned to the construction supervisor, and silver was silver, and this building was called "Yakata". 》 I have been immersed in it.
4
Around that time, there was Oyuki-chan at one of the peaks in the southwest corner after this castle.
Although this seems to be separated, it is not separated. If that is the main enclosure, it will be the west Idemaru. Although it is possible to go along the corridor, the reason why people are free to go around the garden and go in and out from the porch is probably because the garden is open from the porch and it is a wonderful view. Oyuki-chan also liked this wonderful scene as much as he brought out the kitchen work to this edge. That should be it, look from here, most of the lakes of Biwa in Omi, the largest lake in Japan, are at a glance.
Naturally, even Yamakawae Village, which surrounds the Lake Biwa, is supposed to be developed under the eyes, so it is a reason that no one can help but bless this edge, let alone snow that loves the scenery. It's about Chan, wash the vegetables that you picked up, scoop up here, and push the blessings, kitchen knives, and vats to this edge. Side by side, I am taking on the cooking method in front of the great view of Lake Biwa.
When Oyuki rested her hand using the backbone, raised her eyes dazzlingly, and looked at the surface of the lake in Omi from the gentle gall bladder ridge. Oyuki-chan was looking at the home of the Northern Alps, which is the Japanese backbone, from time to time. Then, when I moved to Hida's Takayama Sooin residence, Wabi-Sabi, I saw the city of Takayama below and felt the wideness of my eyes, but now I'm here. When you come and see, it's not a comparison.
As expected, Japan's number one lake in Biwa is large. Speaking of the surroundings of 75 ri, it is up to that point, but from this point of view, it must not seem that Tsutsuura is not 70 ri or 100 ri.
Moreover, unlike the high mountains of Hida, on the shore of this great lake, there is a history since Japan | Kaibyaku, the rise and fall of the hero warlords, and the crimson tears of the beautiful Kimiko. As expected, even Yuki-chan, who is a well-educated student, can't bear to count the history and biographies right away, but the situation of this mountain water, which is colored by history and biography, does not move Oyuki-chan's poetry. It is not.
After today's busy day, visiting the romance left by humans about that mountain water, which is one of the most sought after calls, is being filled in the life of Yuki-chan like Shimizu. is.
Even now, when I was fascinated by it, I suddenly recognized a black object in the blue sky where the white clouds were swaying, and while I was staring at it, I saw that one point. Is expanded, and it is a big bird that spreads Peng Tsubasa, and for Oyuki-chan, who does not know Albatross, who is happy with Shigetaro Kiyosumi, what a bird, I have never seen such a big bird- -A bird that I have never seen even when I was in the depths of a mountain of albatross.
With that in mind, I couldn't take my eyes off the one point on the right, but the bird gradually approached me, and when I came to the top of Oyuki-chan's mansion, Yakata, I couldn't see it. ..
For Oyuki-chan, the big bird now came from Hiragadake on the other side of the lake, and then almost took a breather to the gall bladder of this back mountain where she was. It's not unbelievable.
The bird's appearance disappeared from Yuki-chan's head toward the mountain of the gallbladder, but even so, when he was still fascinated by the magnificent view of the mountain water, he suddenly went overhead again. I was surprised to hear a loud noise. Although it is overhead, it is higher than the roof of this building. There was a big pine tree with its branches spread out, as if it had been pushed from the top of this roof to the peak. It is a pine tree that has been around for hundreds of years and has roots right in the center of this garden, but the trunk is thick and tall, and the branches are uneven in the sky. When you go out to the garden like a car lid, the tall branches are pleasant, but in this room you can only see the thick trunk and roots of the board. So I can't see the branches and leaves.
The overhead noise came from the top of this big pine tree.
Then, Oyuki-chan looked at the big bird, which must have been a big bird before, but this time, in front of her eyes, the chicken scale. The bird is so fresh that you can see the chicken that was driven down from [# "Toya" as an emphasis mark] because it jumps down with a sheep horn in the "Kan" during the "Snow". I was able to see the shape of the chicken and I was surprised to see it.
"Eagle"! "
Intuitively, Oyuki-chan took it. It was Yuki-chan who had never seen the real eagle so close, but with the intuition that such a big bird would not be possible without the eagle, I do not see it around my eyes in the real thing, but it is quite a picture. The figure of the raptor king being shown fell clearly in front of me.
Looking at it, the bird of prey on the right flapping its wings with tremendous force, pushing the hollow around the sheep's horn, then suddenly swirling its wings and fluttering almost to the ground. If you soar high enough, you must be reminded that the behavior is somehow unusual, as you might think that you are coming straight down, and you are dancing in a circle.
The Steller's sea eagle on the right once reached the stop of the gallbladder, but because he found something, he jumped back again, because he found something in the plain below, he caught it. It seems that he came to.
Oyuki-chan thought so and watched the behavior of the bird, it seems that it is finally crazy to try to roll over, reverse, turn, fly up, and fly down.
A terrifying bird, the king among birds-sometimes even humans are kidnapped with that momentum. What did that bird find on the ground?
Oyuki thought so and looked down at the wilderness below, but although the birds can be seen because they are hollow, it is recognized that the prey is in any of the wilderness under the eyes. It can't be.
I've always heard that an eagle kidnaps a human-if an unhappy human child-Mr. Yonetomo-because he's small, he's mistaken for a child, and he's preyed on by that rough eagle. Isn't there something that seems to be overlooked? Isn't it possible that the sharp claws of the Steller's sea eagle can be suddenly raised from behind while digging the roots of the tree with all one's might? I haven't heard of an eagle kidnapping an adult yet, but I've heard very often that it kidnapped a child. Mr. Yonetomo has a small handle, so it's possible that he can't be seen as a child in the eyes of a bird. , I hung a pair of clogs, and if I went to the left from here, I saw the area around the reclaimed land where Yonetomo had cut the [# "Araku" side point] at most, which was still in a part of the field of view. However, the shadow of such a person was not recognized. Nevertheless, the madness of Steller's sea eagle was finally even greater.
Oyuki-chan thinks that if you just look at the prey, you shouldn't make such a noise, and the body that should be the king among the birds of prey shouldn't behave so arrogantly to hunt rabbits and small birds. Has been done.
As if searching for the ground, this bird of prey seemed to fly from Yataka to the village of Suijo, with its wings on one letter. It wasn't that he disappeared in the meantime, he didn't fly away to the clouds, he didn't fly back to the mountains of the gallbladder, and he didn't know where or where, but it's true to Oyuki's eyes. I can't help but think that the eagle has jumped into that village.
If so, if you flew down to the village with that momentum, you would be relieved of the anxiety of the entire village!
A wolf, even a wild boar, devastates the village, let alone sharp claws enough to tear flesh, that ferocious beak accustomed to sucking blood, and wings running through a thousand miles. It is irresistible to be invaded by the king of birds of prey equipped with-Is there any way to inform the villagers of that anxiety?
While thinking about that, Oyuki wanted the bird of prey to soar high in the air and fly back, but for some reason, there was no sound.
Oyuki-chan is worried about the safety of the village, but not the fate of the birds of prey.
When I was wondering about that, I heard people's footsteps from the garden, and while I was surprised, I admitted that it was the masked silver as usual.
Five
Oyuki-chan fixed her illness the moment she saw the appearance of Ogin-sama. Of course, I took a tasuki and greeted him very well.
"This is a nice view, isn't it?"
Says silver.
"Yes, this is the best view of the Yakata". "
"Isn't this pine a good pine?"
"It's a wonderful pine tree."
"Do you know the sights near Lake Biwa seen from here?"
"No-it seems to be a famous place for a long time, but I don't have time to look it up, and no one can tell me."
"Let's do some research together"
"Okay"
"Are you busy with work?"
"No-it doesn't matter."
"Then, come here a little more."
Ogin-sama invited Oyuki-chan closer to herself so that she could expand her horizons as much as possible.
"Look, from that Hiragatake to the south, Mt. Hiei's Shimeigatake-below that is Sakashita, Karasaki, Mitsui-ji Temple-the seven views are hidden in the clouds and are called Mitsui's bells. Then I can't even hear the bell. The pine trees in Karasaki are said to be obscure rather than flowers, but the pine trees are not even visible here. "
"But young lady, when you look at it like this, the bell of Mitsui-ji echoes in your ears, and the pine trees in Karasaki appear like a sumi-e painting."
"If you think so, that's right, but I think it's not enough."
"I would like to spend a day relaxing and looking around that area."
"In the meantime, let's go out together, I want to float the ship from this shore and take a leisurely tour of the eight views."
"If it's a ship, it's better than that, I'd like to be with you."
"I think we'll have that time in the not too distant future."
"I'm looking forward to it."
"Then, Mr. Oyuki--"
That's what Ogin-sama called again-Gin-sama doesn't call him Oyuki-chan, he calls him Oyuki-san.
"What are you, young lady?"
"I have to ask you a little more trouble, in fact, I would like you to take over the accounting from now on. There are people who come to pick up the items, and it is not easy for me to make payments and exchange receipts by myself, so I would like you to take on one of those tasks. , I would like to ask you for the accounting method of this mansion. "
"Well, I wonder if such a big role will stay with me."
"No--just keep a little money and write down the entry and exit. If you do so, I will be saved. I will also talk to Mr. Sekimori about this old building. We have to pay attention to various designs to renew the "Furuyakata", the clearing of fields, and the comings and goings of people. "
"Let's be very busy, and if it helps me, I'll do my best. But I think the accounting method for money is too big for me. "
"No-it's easy once you get used to it. However, if a bad person knows that you're dealing with money, you'll be able to create something that aims for that, so the money keeper is that. I think you only have to ask Mr. Yonetomo to give it to someone and receive it from someone, and put it in your notebook one by one. "
"If that's the case, let's deal with Mr. Yonetomo-let's do our best."
"Thank you--so let's ask, I brought a little here."
With that said, Gin-sama unwrapped the small box he was holding and opened the lid.
"I thought that it would cost a lot of money to open up this land from now on, so I decided to have Hikyaku set up in Koshu today and order the money. I received it from a person named Okado and decided to use it for the immediate cost, but it seems that the money changes depending on the land, so I have to exchange money. So, right now, that Nagahama I decided to ask the messenger to exchange the money, so I'm sure there will be some small ones, so please keep this money for the time being. "
That said, it was some oval coins that Ogin-sama picked out of the box for his random work, Muzousa.
"When I left Koshu, my father said that it was for me, and I gave half of the money I had deposited to that man, Mr. Kaku, to the owner of this land, and the rest, I. When he came here, Mr. Kado gave it to me, and I divided it into three parts and gave it to that person as well. One of them is now I went to Nagahama to exchange money, the remaining one. This is the part-there were only 52 oval coins when I counted them. "
"Well, such a large amount of money ..."
Oyuki-chan instinctively gazed at her eyes. Even for Oyuki-chan, I wasn't just blinded by money, but I was a little surprised that Ogin-sama's treatment of gold was so rough.
Oyuki-chan was surprised at how to handle the 52 oval coins in a random manner in front of the eyes of others and dispose of the leftovers. Even if Oyuki-chan isn't so lowly upbringing, even if she can show her 10 million dollars, sometimes and in some cases, she's not a lonely person who moves her heart, but she swallows it with the rough treatment of Ogin-sama. When you look at it in the form of a yellowtail,
"No, it's not a lot of money, but even so, it may not be possible to handle it for payment or shopping, so I exchanged only 52 pieces to Nagahama, as I said, in the meantime. Let's go back, leave the dispenser as a dispenser and keep it as this again. "
"Then ... I've accepted it, so I'll keep it until Mr. Yonetomo returns."
"Please do so"
"Just in case, please give me a new one."
"Okay--"
Saying that, Ogin-sama took out the oval from the box himself and read the number in front of Oyuki-chan's eyes one by one.
"There are 52 sheets on this street."
"Surely fifty-two-and how much would it cost to spend money?"
"Ho, ho, ho"
While laughing lightly, which is unusual for silver
"Isn't this the money itself, even if it's worth the money?"
"Well, it was really Mr. Left, it's 52 oval cards, so it's 52 cars."
"Well, you remember one piece as one car, and the price varies depending on the oval."
"I heard that, but this oval is ..."
"This is the better oval, look, I'm Kyoho oval, and this one weighs four and seven minutes."
Saying that, Ogin-sama put a piece of oval "Hitohira" on his finger and showed it in front of Oyuki-chan's eyes as if he was trying his eyes.
"One piece weighs four and seven minutes, but not all of them are gold, and six-quarters of them are a mixture of other things. Pure gold is soft and money. Because it doesn't become-then, if you replace these one with coins, it will be about 500 sentences of six kan. "
Explained Mr. Ogin. In other words, the total weight of one Kyoho oval is four and seven minutes, and the mixture is six and three hairs, so the net pure gold is four and nine hairs, so replace it with silver and make small grains. How much would it cost to replace it with money? Around 1933 AD, countries around the world suffered from uneven distribution and lack of gold, and each nation banned the export of gold. However, if the official market price could not be held up and the market price of one momme jumped to 10 yen, one of the Kyoho oval coins on the right is equivalent to 47 yen, so 52 is 24. It will be an account of only 140 yen-because that amount of money was randomly put out in front of me as a part of travel expenses, Oyuki-chan, this person's parents' house is now. I can't help but think that I'm a master of the bottom, and even so, I don't treat it like hot water or dust. Explained as, the calculation of conversion is a considerable common sense as the calculation of conversion-rather, in the appearance that it has much finer calculation power than their own head, which is incomparable in wealth. Oyuki-chan was able to see the work of her head that this young lady was born in gold and silver, but she was not a daughter raised by a princess who did not know the value of gold and silver itself.
A long time ago, a young lady who was Mitsui or Konoike said at one point,
"People in the world often say that they are in trouble because they don't have money, but even those who say that they don't have money will probably have one or two cups in the wall insert."
Oyuki-chan briefly remembered that this silver-sama was completely different from that kind of nohohon lady. In fact, the lady's house in front of me is as good as Mitsui, Konoike, and Honma in Oshu. Even if it's possible that even a doko is a hawk, I can't help but think that the details are sufficiently detailed and the person's head works. On the contrary, at this time, I made Oyuki-chan's heart reliable. Rather than depositing a large amount of money unreasonably from a naive young lady, it is better to be asked by someone who knows everything to know the truth. Yuki-chan felt it. While feeling that kind of thing, while talking to the two of them, from a distance in the wilderness below, you can hear the sound of a single gun as a roaring "gozen" and in the forest. So, they both admitted that they spilled like ant cubs almost at the same time.
"What is it?"
First of all, it was Mr. Silver who struck a suspicion.
"Yes, it looks like something is noisy."
Toyuki-chan also hit Aizuchi.
It was a little far away, and if it was just the sound of a gun, neither of them would have been so suspicious. Since people were scattered like ant cubs, there was an air that made me a little worried that something quite uneasy might have happened.
At that time, and before the silver-sama did not come to this place earlier, when Oyuki-chan was longing for fantasy and the actual scene alone, that big bird that caught the impression of Oyuki-chan-I do not know Albatross. As far as I can tell, the figure of the eagle, which is the largest bird seen in the mainland of Japan and the king in the world of birds in terms of strength, suddenly appears from the forest again. It was.
It seems that this big, so strong bird had been submerged in the forest of that village until now, but when I jumped up and appeared in the air, it suddenly jumped low again. When I saw that I jumped low, I jumped a little higher again. Immediately after that, the sounds of bangs and guns were heard again and again, and at the same time, they clearly admitted that people who seemed to scatter ant cubs flew away here and there.
Therefore, Oyuki-chan clearly understood the occurrence of that much scene. Oh yeah, because all the big eagles went down to the village, the villagers started making noise by admitting it, but that's the point for this silver eagle who hasn't seen the big eagle. I don't think it's going to happen
"Okay, okay, young lady, when I was looking at it earlier, a big eagle came from that Hiragatake, and that was the building from the top of this gall bladder. I was flying around on the roof of 》, but it was only now that I jumped to that village, so let's say that the villagers are making noise trying to find it and catch it. "
"Oh, yeah, is that big bird an eagle?"
When he sees the bird, or is high or low, he thinks that the behavior of the bird that climbs over the village and the head of the person and does not leave the area is finally suspicious. I can't go without it.
No matter how much I tried to make it a bird of prey, the king of birds, it cannot be said that I am not afraid of the threat of humankind. Moreover, I don't know the degree of the style, even though it is a relic of the Tanegashima era, the value of the bird is enough, and there should be no bird that does not run by hearing the sound of that gun, but that bird is Do not be afraid of the shadows of people and people by making them high and low, perhaps because of their own courage, as if they were in conflict with humans, as if they were indignant, and humans. As if to ridicule, the sky and the earth are confronting each other without leaving. The noise of human beings is natural in terms of preparing for the invasion of birds of prey and at the same time in the desire to catch them, but the behavior of birds that do not leave in opposition to it is the solution. As soon as I frowned, "I can't do it", Ogin-sama suddenly noticed.
It was the time when I was walking around the cultivated area earlier, and I met him, and then the start of the transaction, and the two Yamakari who were pushed and pushed, caught it. It was an eagle child.
When that came to mind, Ogin-sama nodded a couple of times in the mask,
"OK, I understand."
And, as Oyuki-chan said earlier, I did a parrot back and did a parrot.
"That bird went down to the village because he wanted to get his child back."
"Why do you know that?"
And, Oyuki-chan, who knew only after that and didn't know before, didn't understand what Gin-sama, who didn't know after and was experiencing before, actually said, but in this case, two people. It was not until the actual view of the above was combined that the complete overall view was completed. There was no miscellaneous work for the silver to explain it.
"That's right, as you can see, that big bird will not leave the village and will be chased by the villagers, because it is rare that the king among the birds has appeared in the village. It's not unreasonable for the people to make noise, but don't be surprised by the sound of the guns, and the reason why the birds don't leave is that the villagers have captured their own children, so let's get them back. I know that the villagers caught this eagle cub earlier, so I can understand the feelings of that big eagle. "
"Oh, Mr. Left, so I'm fighting because I want to get my child back, so I'm not afraid of the sound of guns and the number of people."
The two of them had a complete interpretation of the event, and at the same time, their interest in looking at it became even higher.
The battle between humans and birds-rather than the interest in which one will win, in Oyuki-chan's mind, it's such an obsession that I should return it-as long as I remove the captured child. The birds of prey will be happy to return. However, since human beings are also afraid of that, they are enthusiastic not only to return the captured child or not to leave the parent who jumped in without capturing it.
However, in this case, I want to let the parent eagle win the victory-although the feeling of wanting to win is not repeatedly remembered in Oyuki-chan's chest, the masked silver is cold and a human bird. It's unsatisfactory to look at them with a pretense that they don't care whether they win or lose.
In the meantime, the gun continued to squeak, and I could see some of them taking out bows and arrows and carrying long poles, but the bird was hidden behind the forest again. It's gone. However, when the villagers still run around in a noisy mood and are confused, it is clear that they are neither the ones who shot the Steller's sea eagle nor the ones who captured them.
Thus, for a long time, perhaps until somehow somehow resolved, the two were supposed to be unable to look away from the scene of this place, and there was a loud, breathtaking pronunciation from the doorway of the front yard.
"I would like to say that a lot of villagers are rushing to this place right now, and I would like this wife to buy the eagle cubs that I caught alive, and if you can't buy them, I would like you to keep them for a while. What did you say, I brought it to this, how would you like to deal with it? "
When I heard this report, Ogin-sama stood up with an expression that said, "I don't want to say that."
"I'm coming over there now."
Six
After Ogin-sama suddenly left, Yuki-chan suddenly felt that something wasn't right, and when she was absent-minded, from behind,
"Oyuki-chan--"
"Oh, isn't it Mr. Benshin? Mr. Benshin, you too are too many."
Oyuki-chan looked back and saw the appearance of the speech, but the more he said, "En", the more urgent it became.
"Okay"
When I re-examine the appearance of Benshin standing on the unsuccessful side, the sadness that Oyuki-chan is coming up with, and what I can't say, the feeling of the old days. 》 I was approached.
A long time ago, when I saw that Benshin had a dizzying appearance at Tsukimi-ji Temple in Koshu Uenohara, which was his own house, which was no different from that expression when he was cut by Ryunosuke Tsuki. I was struck by the feeling that he had been slashed, and at the same time, the scene around that, and the stance of the corridor where the speech was transmitted, was my own house at that time. Oyuki-chan began to feel dizzy and dizzy for a while, thinking that the house of the temple might have been moved here.
"Benshin-san, you're okay--"
I just said.
"How about Oyuki-chan, how comfortable is the new palace in this new village ..."
The tone of the speech was not changed at all. Of course, I didn't come slashed, and this is my usual defense, but it seems that something happened unexpectedly, so Oyuki-chan's nerves were a little too excited. Probably.
"Oh, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but Mr. Benshin ..."
After answering the question for the time being, Oyuki-chan, after all, it is difficult to draw the line of grudges, words, and words, so it is difficult to fold it up and ask questions. ,
"Isn't you too much, brought me to such a place-the kindness that brought me to the point where I don't know what it is, but I don't think it's uncomfortable to live in. Thank you for your kindness, but wouldn't you like to meet the person I'm trying to meet at all? "
"Oh, that's it?"
"It's not that, I came to Fuwa no Seki in Mino no Kuni, listened to Suzumu's song, and what happened after that, why did you meet the person I want to meet? Would you mind letting me-I'm close enough to hear Suzumu, so if you even want to see me, I'm sure I'll see you right away today. You don't let me see you, I just don't want you to see me, but maybe you try to keep me away from that person, even out of your first-class kindness I'm well aware that it's not a mean thing to do, but I wonder if I'm such a naive, mean person. I can't wait to come to your call, so when I go and see for myself, there is no Lord of Suzumu, and Mr. Sekimori is somewhat blurred with the sky, and I want to hear what I want to hear. Please don't answer. Only the unburned shakuhachi was left in the burning furnace with the crimson "Akaaka". Then, the young lady who doesn't understand wants to create the world she wants. He said that he would like to buy land here and build a house, so I would like to join him. Mr. Benshin, you agree with me that it is good, so believe in you and go here. It's the third day, but ... "
Here too, Oyuki-chan took the stock of Benshin and expressed such a grudge in a breath.
"I understand well, I understand Oyuki-chan's grudge."
The speech is rather a refreshing short phrase, so it's possible that Oyuki-chan will finally be satisfied.
"I understand, isn't it a problem just to understand? If you understand, you have to do it as you understand ..."
"Oyuki-chan, I don't say that much, I can meet you whenever it's time to meet, what on earth does Oyuki-chan want to meet so much?"
"You know that, don't you?"
"I have no idea."
"Unpleasant Benshin-If you knew that, wouldn't you bother to bring me from Takayama in Hida to Fuwa Seki in Mino?"
"No, that's not the case, I can hear the sound of bells in my ears and lead me to this place, so when I came down with that sound, I just came to Fuwa no Seki."
"Oh-say that. A person named Benshin also ridicules people, and I don't think he's a bad person."
"No, I don't make fun of you, and I don't think I've done anything wrong with you."
Oyuki-chan is finally not flat in answering the speech.
"You know what Benshin does in the world of Benshin alone, but I didn't come to hear only the tone of the short flute and see only the embers of the flute tube, you. They flew from Mino no Kuni, just like barefoot. When I think about it now, it seems like a dream that I could have made that trip with just these two people. But when I came to see it, it was just as if I had heard the distant sound ... Isn't it impossible to grudge Benshin-san's Zului, who is reluctant to do everything? "
"That's why, Oyuki-chan, you and I have longed for the sound of Suzumu, as I said, but unfortunately, they tried to listen. Suzumu was only unable to hear, or borrowed the tone from Suzumu, and the content and spirit was still the sound of a fallen hell. Therefore, I should not let you hear it, at least give it to you. My heart, which I try not to let you hear, hasn't changed at all now and then-so, for me now, whether it's Oyuki-chan's grudge or Zului. Whether it's called Kosui or unreasonable, there's nothing else I can do about it, so I'm trying to do this, and Oyuki-chan, I'm going to have one more. I'm going to go around the mountains, so please wait for a while. Actually, I'm also involved in the mountain tour, and while I'm injured at the foot of Mt. I haven't given any greetings or gratitude to God, so I'd like to visit one more thing ... As you may have heard, this mountain called Mt. , It is a famous mountain that is counted as one of the seven high mountains in Japan. From the height, Yakigatake, Hotaka, Kamikosaka, which you came to earlier, Dai Although it is not comparable to the mountains on the ceiling, the mountains themselves are high in that region, but the ground is naturally high, so the altitude is higher than in this direction. Since it is more and more, I think that if you keep the height of the mountain itself, it will not be inferior to the Takayama Shunrei over there, so I would like to visit with that attitude. Are you a guide? I don't ask for a guide, but I'm sure that if you follow the mountains, you won't be afraid. From now on, it seems that there will soon be a woman Ichigongen, and after that, there is a temple of Mirokubosatsu in the north, and there is a Matsukashiwa area in that area. I heard that the kind of timbre is flourishing, and that there is a medicinal herb of the name of the timbre. Then, when you climb, you will find Sansho Gongen, and when you climb it again, you will find the Mariba. "When I accepted that it would come out. It seems that the woman is stopped from climbing above the temari. After that, I crossed the Iwane Kogoshiki mountain slope, and when I went to the place where the climax was Miroku, the untimely wind started and stopped as a gall bladder, but it seems to cool people's gall. It seems that this gall bladder mountain is a drama of changes in the weather, and people say that what is especially scary is the gallbladder at the top, so be very careful about that as well. Then, I would like to visit the Maitreya Bodhisattva at the top and say hello-and on the way back, if possible, take another road to the west and visit the Gallbladder Shrine. My name is Gallbladder Myojin, and I heard that Feng Shui Ryuo was made to be a god, and a long time ago, a flying man, Higyo Shonin, lived in this mountain for many years and was given the opening. .. I don't know which one was born as a flying man, but with the magical power of "Higyojizai", he gained the magical power of "Jinzuuriki", and he was a light man, "Sanshu". However, is it the third flight or the thirty flight? I haven't investigated it well yet, but I would like to say that it is light. I am a very light slimmer, but I have no magical power to fly, so I tried to weight myself and climbed mysteriously without going against the mountain steepness and the weather. , I will humbly go down the mountain. Originally, I couldn't see, so even if I climbed the mountain, I didn't want to get the view of the human beings as I wanted. There is no need to worry about the way to "tao", but it is just a matter of thinking about the gods and Buddha and climbing without any thought. Therefore, please be assured that we will be back safely tonight. If there is a disaster on the way, we will calmly evacuate and go through the disaster, and then we will go down to Omomu. No matter how gusts and torrential rains may occur, there are few examples of continued power during the day and night, so where are you evacuating during that time? Even if you do, I will definitely be back by tomorrow morning. Other than that, there is no fear of worrying about it. Oh, that's right, I see, the history that Takeru Segawa "Yamato Takeru Mikoto" met the big snake "Orochi" on this mountain and shortened his life because of it. The truth is, that was a lot of fear, the history that Yamato turned into a big snake and afflicted Takeru with ill will, but this is true, but today all the illness on the left has disappeared. I'm sorry for the difference. However, instead of the poisonous snake, there are thieves-Oh, I see, I'm still aware of "more", but this Mt. Ibuki and Mt. Suzuka in Ise were also the homes of famous thieves. It's a long time ago, and today no one even tells the rumor that he's on the left. The only terrifying thing is the steepness of the mountain road and the change in the weather. Then, I will go out from now on. "
Oyuki-chan tried to stop the speech from talking and quietly disappearing from the corridor like the wind so far, but suffered from elusiveness.
Seven
Soon after the speech came back, the weather suddenly changed.
When I thought that Mt. Ibuki in the back made a loud noise, the wind that blew down quickly rolled up the dead leaves of Senjo, and the fields, villages, and villages all showed the color of autumn that returned the back leaves at once.
If you look at it, the surface of Lake Biwa, where black clouds covered Mt. Hiei and Mt. Hiei, and the surface of Lake Biwa was shining brightly, was like a light ink stick. I admitted that I was able to do it.
At the foot of the mountain, the shape of the bird and the sign of the person, which had been a mess, disappeared completely before I knew it, and I could only hear the gall bladder rumbling on my head. is.
When the weather changed so suddenly, Oyuki was in a sad and scary mood, and then the mountain grated along the pine treetops in the garden, and the fields as far as the eye could see. As for the mountains, the heavens and the earth from Minami-Omi, which you can see as you roar, to Ise and Mino are getting darker.
The mountain of gall bladder behind breathed and exhaled, and continued to squeal as if exhaling. Every time I heard the sound of the big wind of Nowaki blowing out, Oyuki-chan inevitably returned to this mountain with that big eagle, and the feather wind was blown away. You shouldn't think that it's a fan. The child was caught during his absence and tried to get it back, but the weather suddenly changed because the eagle was indignant and breeze on the mountain because of the lack of it. In this way, Oyuki-chan couldn't accept it like the one that came with the wind blowing.
Even so, in this disturbing weather, I can no longer do the work of a carefree edge, so while gathering the details and bringing it indoors, oh, unpleasant wind, rather than my discomfort, I will continue to work on the gallbladder. On the contrary, I cannot help but think that it is a bad weather because of the defense that tries to reach the top of that gall bladder mountain.
Oyuki-chan is worried that the wind will stop early and not become too strong for Benshin-san while closing the shoji screen to prevent the wind. Hmm. Despite being warned that I shouldn't have a hard time moving, this time I was even more worried about the mountain climbing of the Benshin Houshi, and besides the difficulties of the Feng Shui bandits, maybe one more thing. I couldn't stand the anxiety because I was worried that Mr. Benshin might be kidnapped by the big eagle that lives on this mountain.
"Mr. Benshin is also Mr. Benshin-I don't think it's okay to climb a mountain alone, no matter how light it is, before we even visit."
I thought that this Nobutomo was also one of the things that made me feel distracted.
         Eight
The thoughtfulness 《Kokorozuka》 made Yuki-chan from the pillow painful that night.
In the strong wind blowing down from Mt. Ibuki, I saw Benshin, who turned his sleeves and climbed the mountain road earnestly, in a small size, around his eyes.
The heroic and dark black of Mt. Ibuki hasn't changed at all, and the wind seems to blow up, blow up, blow up, and blow down from the whole mountain, that is, the whole mountain. It was a big wind that Oyuki-chan could only accept as if he was taking a big breath, but there was no rain, and the starry sky was empty, except for the mountains. The heavens and the earth are very quiet. Only the mountain is actively blowing and blowing there, so it seems that the mountain itself is breathing. Every time, I just see the sleeves of Koromo, whose speech is broken, blown up and blown down, and the five small bodies are blown up and down.
Therefore, Oyuki-chan can't help but look sorry for her speech. Look, that street, that traumatic footsteps. Like the footsteps carried by Everest explorers of 20,000 ｜ feet and above, the body of the speech is blown down and blown away, so it looks like it's retreating, and it's itchy to see. It's just. The mountain road is rugged and the breeze blows down, so it's not an accumulation. I see, the gall bladder that hears the sound is scary, I don't know if the person named Benshin is advancing or retreating, oh, dangerous, that cliff, that fall over there. I can't help anymore after I've done it!
At that time, I admitted that a group of black clouds suddenly appeared from the air above Benshin's head. Oh, the bird-and that big eagle ...
While I was wondering, the one Steller's sea eagle suddenly fluttered down, looked around the chest of Bento, who was fluttering in the wind, and grabbed it with a handful. If you look at it, it just soared high in the air. In other words, instead of the misfortune of falling down a cliff, as if climbing a mountain road, he was kidnapped high in the air.
The only thing I called was Oyuki-chan.
"What's wrong?"
Oh good, Mr. Yonetomo came, Mr. Tomo, now Mr. Benshin has been kidnapped by an eagle, a lot of big eagles came out, and one of them-a cliff Benshin-san's body, which had fallen down, leaned against him from above, and that was probably the real eagle grab. I flew to a high place on the street. Benshin must have been mistaken for a child because he has a small body, and he must have caught the eagle's claws. Please give it to me.
"Okay, I'm here."
Although Yonetomo was confidently strong, it is clear that he is actually stepping on a toothy Jidan Da in the same place. In other words, no matter how courageous and energetic U.S. friend is, unless he has wings, Oyuki-chan can clearly understand the impatience that is difficult to understand that kidnapped speech. I don't care.
However, when I look at the face of the speech that was hung by the eagle and hung high in the air-it's night, it's far, and it's high, so here's the face of the speech. I can't see it, but mysteriously, Oyuki-chan clearly understood it.
It's plain and plain, I'm not crying or scared. I don't struggle, I don't rush. He didn't scream or scream. The eagle's claws hold the entire torso firmly, but the claws may not be biting between the flesh, not only there is no more painful expression, but also blood is flowing. I don't. But the expression shows that it is not dead. Although quiet, the color of after pain and in agony does not appear on the face of speech. Benshin-san, when an ordinary person is at the height of his pain, the color of rest appears, and when many people say "Setsuna" in despair, he is rather relieved. The person who appears-so, in this case, when you look at the clear side, the feeling of the belief that it is completely safe is clearly reflected in the mirror of Oyuki-chan's heart. is. At least that was the comfort of Oyuki-chan's heart, but that doesn't mean she can leave it as it is-Yonetomo is constantly brushing her teeth and stepping on the ground.
"Hey! I'm done!"
"Friend, what's wrong?"
"Um, look at it!"
At that time, it was the cane spear, which has not been separated since Ujiyamada, that jumped out of the hands of U.S. friends like a towed fire bullet, "Eikadan". did. What is the aim of the wind that jumped out of the hands of the handicraft, not that Steller's sea eagle?
"Oh! Mr. Yonetomo, do something unreasonable ..."
On the contrary, I felt that Oyuki-chan was struck by the stick.
Because-no matter how angry you are, if you hurt the bird here, it wouldn't help, if there was only one eagle, I wouldn't know if you would shoot it down or shoot it. , That eagle is taking a hostage called Benshin, if you drop the eagle, Benshin will also fall, if it falls, Benshin will not be crushed into fine dust before the eagle. Or, a person named Yonetomo has little idea!
Oyuki-chan thought this and was cool, but there was still room, and well, Yonetomo-san got angry like this, and in a hurry, he unintentionally struck a stick he was good at. As you can see, the eagle is at a height of a thousand shaku, and no matter how much Yonetomo is a master of sticks, the sticks cannot reach such a high place where neither arrows nor guns can reach--thinking that, snow What if you're a little relieved, too, the spear that the American friend struck doesn't fall down easily-it's just on the tip of the stick with your eyes and nose, on the stick's body. Has wings, and the back of the stick is like a propeller, and rather than extending toward the eagle in a single letter, Yonetomo itself turns into a stick and flies in the air. So, I felt like I had no choice but to see that I went out to chase the eagle.
"Friend-you are also dangerous"
"What's okay?"
The voice was heard from the hollow, not behind.
Looking at it, isn't Yonetomo already straddling the horse riding on the stick that was pulled out and made to fly into the hollow? Then, while letting the Igaguri and the sleeves fly in the wind, I ride on the eagle in one letter.
"Ah! Tomo-san"
Oyuki-chan was amazed by the bluntness. Although I heard the sound of what I did with Mr. Yonetomo, I didn't think he was a stranger. Oh, that eagle runs away after being chased by Mr. Yonetomo-it's okay to run away, but if you don't drop Benshin-oh, you can't do it, ride on a stick rather than run away from the eagle. Yonetomo who chases after him is quick, and soon he catches up, and the eagle runs away toward Tateyama in Echichu, but he can't make it in time, and Yonetomo catches up with the eagle. It must be, if you catch up, it means Mr. Yonetomo, so you must suddenly assemble toward the eagle. No matter how strong Mr. Yonetomo is, he is like naked and has a beak and a claw. I can't wait to face the King of Birds-that eagle companion has jumped out of the mountains, as you can see. That will all help. I must have poked Mr. Yonetomo because he wanted to approach him-oh, the eagle full of heaven and earth, Mr. Yonetomo, was wrapped in it and disappeared.
The starry sky was dark and dark, and Mt. Gallbladder was black and calm to the point of hate. Before I knew it, the big wind stopped, but when I saw the wind stopped and the mountain was clear, it was finally like that the mountain of gall bladder was a mountain where the mountain itself breathed. Yuki-chan shouldn't feel it. From there, apart from the wind caused by any low pressure on the earth, the breathing of the gallbladder itself becomes a wind during a certain period of the night and springs out as it is. The proof is that the heavens and the earth other than the mountain are so quiet, but if the mountain itself stops breathing regularly, it will be so calm that it is hateful.
However, although the mountains are showing calmness, Oyuki-chan's anxiety does not go away.
"Yuki-san--"
It was hatefully calm again, this was the voice of a person and the voice of a woman. Looking up, silver is standing at the bedside. The silver-sama also wore a white gyoe, and only the white back and leg ties and the face were completely wrapped in a white coat, and Sugagasa and his hands were on top of it. Is a Kongo-zue-and if you look only at the appearance of Yuki-chan standing on his pillow and calling out, you can't say that this is a silver-sama, but with that voice, Yuki-chan is screaming. I felt like I had to get up and fix it.
         Nine
"Now, Oyuki-san, let's climb the mountain."
"Well, in the middle of the night ..."
Oyuki-chan was shocked.
However, he is not a young lady who forgives it.
When I felt the pressure that I couldn't say no, I was forced to get up and dress like this person and take a waiting posture.
"Ho, ho, ho, it's only in the middle of the night, I'm supposed to climb the mountain of the gallbladder at night."
"But ..."
"You are scared. What are you scared of? It looks like a scary mountain at first glance, but in terms of beauty while climbing, it even says that there is no such beautiful mountain in Japan. Isn't it? "
"Is it such a beautiful mountain?"
"It's a beautiful mountain. There are lots of autumn grasses such as Hagi, Susuki, Kikyo, and Ominase, which are on par with the world, and there are many flowers that can only be seen in this mountain. Although it is called the Hyakuso of Gallbladder, it is not a hundred herbs. There are 500 herbs, Chigusa, Sanchigusa, and flowers all in this mountain. There are things that constantly give off a nice scent that can not be said, because we can walk through the scent and color at the time of dawn, so this fun mountain climbing is another You know the flower field of Mt. Hakuba, the flower path of this mountain of gall bladder is more beautiful than that. The flower field of Hakuba is beautiful but too cold and clean. It's past. This is really a flower field ... All the flowers called flowers are in full bloom with humanity, so the same beauty has a warm taste. "
Even if Gin-sama tempted him to play with that, Oyuki-chan wouldn't feel like being invited at all, but rather sounded like a command. Whether the hundred flowers are gorgeous, the fragrance is fukuiku, the warm taste or not, the flower fields of Hakuba-dake are pure and cold. I was attracted to it, but what I didn't care about here was not only that it was said by Mr. Ogin, but also the wind that I mentioned earlier, followed by it. The impression of the Benshinboshi and Owashi will not make Oyuki-chan feel nostalgic for the mountain path of this gall bladder mountain. Ogin-sama, who saw the disappointment, added,
"Then, when you go to the top, the view is the best in Japan again. The high mountains in the north, the high mountains, all fall into your eyes, and the plains in the south and Kyoraku in the west are the best in Japan. The lake is under your eyes, but if you like the scenery, you can't miss it. In the old days of Fuminaga, a bandit named Yasaburo Ibuki sat down on the top of this mountain. I washed my feet with the water of Lake Biwa, and at that time I carried the soil in an attempt to spread the lake water, but the spillage from the ridges of the soil was that Takefujima. 》 And it seems that it remains as Okinoshima. That Nanaoyama, which is across the Anegawa River at the western foot of Ibuki, is also the soil that Yasaburo has solidified. At the foot of the mountain, there is a place commonly called Izumi, and there is a cave that can accommodate a thousand people. It is said that it was Yasaburo's residence, but we You can gently rush into the depths and see what no one can see at all. "
Next to the scenery, Ogin-sama appealed to Oyuki-chan's imagination with a legend, and this tried to appeal to him, but he was still frustrated by Oyuki-chan's reluctance.
"Do you hate it?"
"I don't like it ..."
"Isn't even Benshin climbing that big wind? It's sissy, Mr. Oyuki, you climbed Mt. Hakuba in Echigo and Mt. Shakushidake. Isn't it you who could climb over the brute valley and even Hakuba in Kaga if you are with someone you like? Isn't it unpleasant with me? "
"That's not the case."
"If that's not the case, you can go with me, you're used to the mountains, but I'm not."
"No, even me ..."
"I'm saying that, picking alpine flowers from Mt. Hakuba, crossing the snowy valley, and going over Mt. Tsurugi in Etchu, and that thriving dignity. Even though I've been looking at Meguri with a good feeling. "
"That may be the case."
"Come on, fast, the wind has stopped altogether."
"Let's have a friend"
"Similar to me, I brought here the white gyoe, the white kyahan, and the Kongo-zue, all for you, so please use this."
I see, the costumes that seemed to have been tailored to the pair were already urging Oyuki-chan's pillows side by side, and in this case, she wouldn't be able to retire.
Overwhelmingly, before I knew it, I was made to do the same thing as Ogin-sama, and when I went outdoors, the stars shined brightly, and the mountain of gallbladder was black at the foot of the mountain. Saw it filled like the sea with a rush of fog. Since Ogin-sama immerses himself in the fog, Oyuki-chan is not allowed to grace the same trace.
Gin-sama immerses himself in the cloud fog, Oyuki-chan, who is chased by it, and at one point, the figure of Gin-sama is clearly visible in the fog. At times, when you lose sight of where and how you wander and stand stunned, when the silver is mysteriously hidden in the fog, you will surely hear the sound of a cool bell.
Suddenly, I realized that I wasn't chasing after the silver, but just chasing the sound of a pure bell, and as soon as I felt that I was being pushed through the cloud fog, again. The appearance of silver comes first and walks neatly, so when I hear the sound of the bell, I feel refreshed like the spring of fresh water. When I see the inspiration of the silver-like figure, I feel horrified and hairy. Thus, as I was hiding in sight, I was suspected that the figure of silver as a human would gradually change into a dragon snake, Ryuda.
Now, the shape of Mt. Gallbladder, which was hatefully black and black, has disappeared at all. What you can see is the clouds, the fog, the sound of the pure bells in the clouds and the fog, and the fluttering flash of the dragon snake.
The lightness of the silver-sama who said he wasn't used to climbing mountains-and I feel like I'm constantly being dragged by it, but I still don't feel like climbing mountains, in the unwetted sea It's strange that you feel like you're going deep into the sea.
"Oyuki-san-are you tired?"
"No"
"Come early, I have something to show you."
"What is it?"
"Look at your feet, various flowers are in bloom."
"Oh dear--"
I see, when I looked at my feet-although there was, Oyuki-chan was terrified.
There is no doubt that flowers are blooming everywhere, but what a poisonous color of the flowers, black and unpleasantly shining, blood can be said to be. What's more, it doesn't even feel like the warm blood of humans, but the cold, bad blood of fish, "Akuchi" -and the way the leaves are rolled up to the roots of the knots are twisted one by one.
"Pick one of them."
"Okay"
"That's the poisonous weed of the gallbladder."
"Is it a poisonous herb or a medicinal herb?"
"The same is true for medicinal herbs and poisonous herbs. Medicinal herbs change into poisonous herbs, and poisonous herbs may one day become medicinal herbs. Pick one and smell it."
"Okay"
"Don't hesitate."
"But ..."
Oyuki-chan doesn't feel like picking this. This fish-bloody doss black grass flower that makes me sick even when I see it-I've heard that the mountain of gallbladder is full of medicinal herbs, but this is all poisonous grass! A good medicine is a pain in the mouth, so if the grass is unpleasant enough to look at it, is it highly effective as a medicine? Well, even so, I don't feel like reaching out and picking this flower.
Even if it was poisonous, I would like to pick more beautiful flowers-when Oyuki-chan hesitated to think so, Gin-sama laughed nastyly,
"Well, you don't want to pick such a flower, there is no really beautiful colored flower here that you picked too much in your chest and showed it to someone in the flower field of Hakuba-dake. So you don't want to pick it up. "
"That's not the case ..."
"I also like these poisonous flowers."
Saying that, Ogin-sama suddenly leaned forward, quickly picked a stem of the flower, and then reluctantly brought it to Yuki-chan's nose.
"Look at the incense."
"Ah!"
Ah, an unpleasant scent--Oyuki-chan turned around and almost tried to faint.
"It's not that disgusting, it's different from Miyama Usuyuki, which is polished by the snow of Hakuba-dake, and Umebachiso, which is the blue of the eyes. It's a medicinal herb that was brought by a foreigner with a red beard and planted while drinking the raw blood of a person. "
"Please excuse me"
"You hated me. Still, I somehow like this savory scent."
Ogin-sama applied the one-stem flower to his nose tip, and sniffed it as if he was intoxicated by the scent of violets.
Oyuki-chan is dizzy.
"Mr. Oyuki, you have to be firm, what is the scent of this flower-that is, the scent of evil that rises from this mountain is the Japanese Takeru | There is a scary poison that can even shorten your life. "
"e!"
"Today I brought it to you, I wanted to show it to you, no, so I wanted to confuse you. There is a big snake, Orochi, now on this mountain. A long time ago, you should be familiar with the history of the great snake, which was dedicated to the order of the Japanese Takeru, because you also like to read books. It is said that Yamato Takeru, who still straddles the snake, sometimes raises clouds and drops ice. It is an ancient history, but I am now on this mountain [# "Orochi" as a side point. ] Is enclosed and placed, let's show it to you. "
"There are so many, please excuse me."
"Ho, ho, ho, the big snake hasn't come out yet. If you come out, don't worry, I won't swallow you, I won't swallow you. Let's climb a little more, yet, It's hard to dawn. "
After saying this, when Gin-sama rushed into the cloud fog again, he began to hear the refreshing sound of a bell as Rei, as before.
Ten
After a while, I came to one huge stone gate 《Sekimon》.
"This is Yasaburo's Thousand Cave of Gallbladder, which I mentioned earlier."
Two stone pillars just looking up are towering in the shape of Meotoiwa, and the space between them is a boat-shaped hollow, while the silver drags Oyuki-chan. I pulled it in.
It's not calm to drag him in, but Oyuki-chan was overwhelmingly forced to walk and rubbed poisonous grass on his nose when he was completely reluctant to get along with this person in the first place. Even so, I feel the attraction that I cannot escape from chasing after this person, but now I'm in hell, in prison, or in front of the stone gate in total darkness. , I will be guided here with my body. There is no power to refuse it, and even if you don't even say no, it's dragged steadily because of the hand of the silver, but the fact is that it's dragged with more force. is.
Oyuki-chan was finally dragged into this stone gate.
"Relieve me, it will be bright again soon, look at it."
When I walked through the dark cave inside the stone gate for only two towns, the cliff on the left opened suddenly, and from there, the bright red sunlight shined. I think it's the light of the sun, but it's too bright. It is a lake rather than a pond, with a vast pond far away. Then, its size, its surroundings, and its surroundings, which somehow resemble Lake Biwa, are finally bright red when you look at the surface of the lake, and you can think of it as Hira or Hiei on the lakeside mountains. The mountains that should be supposed to be on the cliffs of Mt. Biwa far more than what you see in the real world, and should not seem to be covered with a crimson veil.
When you look at it that way, it doesn't cover the whole area of ​​the sunlight, it's completely different from the sunlight, for example, the light must be light, like the light of a firefly, but it's heat. It is a light without light. In other words, Oyuki-chan was completely unpleasant that it might look like this if the moonlight was mixed with blood, and while looking at the surface of the lake from side to side, even if this happened, she would still be behind the silver. I can't afford to realize my powerlessness to chase.
"This is Yasaburo's Hyakuma Corridor, it will be dark again by the time you go to Sennin Zashiki, so be careful."
As a result, when I went a little along this natural corridor, it became pitch black again.
"Be careful at your feet, there is water, water is flowing, it's strangely sticky, but it's not blood, so don't be scared."
Hatto Oyuki-chan stepped into the puddle and was really lukewarm. Shimizu springs from such a deep cave, so it can't be so warm. I was informed in advance that it wasn't blood, so on the contrary, when Oyuki-chan stepped on his feet, he thought that the raw blood "Ikichi" was flowing muddy.
"Look at it. Let's have two waterfalls, big and small, on the rock over there. The big one is Anegawa, and the small one is the source of Imogawa."
When you look at it, you can see that there is a large and small Nijo waterfall on the wall of the old days in the vast open rock cave. For Oyuki-chan, who saw and heard about Hida's Hirayu Otaki and Hakusan Shiramizu's waterfall, I don't think it's a rare waterfall, but I was struck by the strange scenery around it. I have no choice but to do it.
"A long time ago, a bandit lived in this cave than Yasaburo Ibuki. The family of Shuten-doji, who was chased by Mt. Oe, is here. At that time, bandits competed and tossed the beautiful women who had been robbed from public and private houses. It means that the filth was washed. In order to conquer the bandits, the father and son of Yorimitsu took Watanabe's rope and Kintoki and attacked with more than 20,000 horses, so there are a few bandits as well. It wasn't a number, so there must be a cave this big. Now let's go a little further. "
Oyuki-chan was scared of the appearance behind the silver-sama who looked a little deeper. The scary, scary [# "fear" sidepoint] should have already passed, but at that time, I wasn't stubborn or patient anymore.
"Lady, I'm a lot here already. Originally I came out with the intention of climbing a mountain with you, I shouldn't have promised to go into a cave like this."
If you say this much with all your might, the silver who does not turn around is cold
"No-you can climb a mountain at any time, you and I should have something else to see and show, wait for a while, I'll hit you."
Then, when Ogin-sama stood on one side of the rock wall, he began to hit the rock wall with his supple hands.
Doing such a rough thing-but the supple hand did not break or break, and one of the rock walls broke. When I opened it and looked at it, there was a second Iwato, and Shimenawa was stretched around. It can be seen that there is a dirt prison and a rock prison in it.
"Is it sleeping?"
There must be a person behind it. Moreover, it seems that the Lord is the person whom Ogin-sama has always known.
At that time, the sound of a short whistle suddenly flowed out of the darkness.
"Now I will turn on the light so that I can see it better."
When I took out the Odawara lantern from my pocket, I wondered when Ogin-sama had prepared it, and the fire was already on.
Since it is the fire of the Odawara lantern, it is unlikely that the entire vast and dark cave will be illuminated. Even so, the light reaches the inside of the cave with Shimenawa, and you can see that the faint white clothes are moving in the back. It must be a human being, but I still don't know what I want to do [# "emphasis mark"]. I don't know if it's a man or a woman, but I'm not sure who the ghost is, but the sound of the short whistle that comes from it-that is, the shakuhachi-is clearly screaming, snow. It echoes to your ears.
"Oh, Suzumu" Reibo "-"
After all it was Suzumu.
"Lady, you can hear Suzumu's voice in this, let's get in here soon."
"Dangerous!"
Oyuki-chan instead squeezed the silver-sama's obstruction.
"Lady, could you please lighten the fire of that lantern a little more? I can hear the sound of the whistle clearly, but I don't know who is inside."
"It won't be brighter than this anymore."
"Don't say that, make it a little brighter ... If the light doesn't reach, I'll approach that prison, and if you can, you can go inside that prison and see. "
"Look at your feet carefully--"
When Oyuki looked back at her feet, the blood in her whole body became cold at one point.
It was actually a lie to see the perspective in the same rock wall. For the first time, I noticed that there was an absolute rock angle standing between the place where the prison was and where we were standing.
Normally, when we say the distance in a mountain, we expect a valley to a valley. In the valley, if you use a pier, you can see the fruit of the continuation of the earth, but the cliff here is exactly the same as the absolute between the earth and the moon world, the more you look down. The bottomless cliff "Kirigi"-
Then, looking to the left and right of the rift, the surface of the red air lake that I saw earlier expanded the area further, and the mountain legs were finally pressing. The mountains and the surface of the lake are now flowing with a pale ray of light that is exactly the same as the light of a firefly.
"Oh, the moon has come up, I don't need lanterns anymore."
As soon as the silver blew out the candles, the firefly-like light that had filled the shores of the lake surface competed and flowed into all of this cave. It was.
Then, the inside of the prison on the opposite bank became clearly visible. The figure of a person in a white coat, Byakue, who was hatefully clear and was holding a seat and playing with a short whistle, came out very clearly.
It has been the lord of Suzumu since Shirahone Onsen.
         eleven
At that time, Ryunosuke came out casually all the time with a short whistle.
I walked all the way to this place, and when I came to the point where Oyuki-chan and Iwao were just about to hit the corner, I sat down on the log railing that had been tied up there all the time. Because it's gone, Oyuki-chan
"I'm in danger."
But Ryunosuke just smiled. Oyuki-chan then went on to
"Teacher, well, why are you in such a place ..."
Ryunosuke said,
"Oyuki-chan, what were you doing?"
"Teacher, why are you in such a place, are you alone, come here?"
"Haha, haha, I've finally been trapped in a place like this."
"Well, who put you in such a rock prison?"
"Nobody, there are people there."
With that upper eye, Oyuki-chan's memory came back to the silver-sama.
"Lady, did you put your teacher in such a prison?"
"But it can't be helped"
"What do you say you can't help?"
"If you don't keep the gall bladder mountain snake" Orochi "sealed in this way, the world will be irresistible."
"Well, cruel"
Oyuki-chan forgot all the fear and became irritated, but the person in question was all right,
"Well, good, it's unavoidable that I'm in a difficult situation because I'm self-employed. But the two of us often came to visit us.
While sitting on the cliff, I felt like going out to the cool stand and taking a small talk, and to the place where I couldn't get rid of it, the silver broke again.
"How about the villainous sister. Isn't the villainous sister unskilled?"
"I don't think about it anymore."
"How about silk?"
"Ha ha ha"
"I can't forget the rich taste of the mountain girl Toku-san."
"Ha ha ha"
"How about a young man who is familiar with Mt. Takao | Jataki Waterfall?"
"Ha ha ha"
"You can't help but the spirit of that Yutaka and Yara, who tied a not-so-cheap relationship from Seki-juku under the Suzuka Pass in Ise Province. "
"Ha ha ha"
"You have committed a married woman, you have taken a widow, you have played with a widow, you have played with a virgin, I know. Just being there ... Who did you like the most? "
"Ha ha ha"
"At Koizumi's house in Hachiman Village, Koshu, I had me put on the first writing brush of the reverse spelling" Gyakutoji ", and the daughter of the water wheel hut at that time was also sorry."
"Ha ha ha"
"What happened to that notebook?"
"Ha ha ha"
"Is it all right after being washed away by the water? Even if the notebook is washed away by the water, your bad deeds will not be washed away."
"Ha ha ha"
"How many people have you killed since then?"
"Ha ha ha"
"I don't forget about the time of Somei's monster mansion, Benshin and I and I had an ensemble on the second floor of the dozo in that poop."
"Ha ha ha"
"I was looking forward to the white-bone hot springs, with such a hateful little girl in the heavens and the earth that no one knows ..."
"Ha ha ha"
"Did you love this little girl, did you not?"
"Ha ha ha"
"This little girl named Yuki was also a bold man who didn't look good on her face, she stole her sister's man, and then ..."
"Oh my goodness--"
This time, Oyuki-chan shouted for a long time.
"Ha ha ha"
After that, Ryunosuke's sound. Ogin-sama continued to turn to Ryunosuke instead of dealing with Oyuki-chan.
"I'm cutting the white, but I'm already glaring at it, since the relationship between the two was wiping the sword between the Tsukimi temples. Even if it was done ... Then, because I got pregnant with this little girl named Oyuki-chan, I hate to argue for a hot spring and sneak into Shirahone Onsen without being struck by the land. "
"Oh, well"
As soon as Oyuki-chan looked again and tried to apply for a protest, Ryunosuke again
"Ha ha ha"
Laughed. So, Ogin-sama didn't deal with Oyuki-chan, but turned to Ryunosuke.
"And while you were in the skeleton, what did you do with that unpleasant auntie?"
"Ha ha ha"
"The poor one is a concubine named Asayoshi, and then another one ..."
"Ha ha ha"
"If you say that, the little girl here will be irritated again, but not all the concubines named Asayoshi were sorry, there must have been one person who was sent from darkness to darkness."
"What are you talking about, who is it?"
As a result, Yuki-chan got excited. Perhaps because Oyuki-chan's enthusiasm was so serious, this time Ryunosuke couldn't come up with the frivolous ridicule of the example of hahahahaha. So, Ogin-sama turned to Oyuki-chan this time,
"I don't know who it is, but at that time there must have been only one poor child who was sent from darkness to darkness."
"Let's take it, it-it's not like anything else."
For some reason, it was surprising that Oyuki-chan was so excited to buy a fight with Silver.
"If you want to hear it, let's say, the one who noticed it earlier than anyone else was that unpleasant aunt. Because it's seniority, it's a virgin maiden's nipple. You probably got your eyes on it, in the hot spring water ... but by the time it came to the high mountains of Hida, it had gone down completely. Whether it was a boy or a girl, that I don't know that, but with my own hands, a virgin girl who doesn't kill insects did an infanticide. Sending one child from darkness to darkness is a trivial task because it is a preparation of a person who is there, but still the parent is the parent, the child is the child, even the master of murder everywhere still has his own child I don't accept the fact that I killed him by hand. "
"Well, young lady, your words carry a terrifying poison-a really amazing wickedness, when I do that ..."
"Oyuki-san, when did I say that you did such a bad thing, still go to the skeleton, the stone grave of a concubine named Asayoshi who died there. There is a small stone pagoda next to it, who is it? "
"Not much, not much"
Oyuki-chan finally covered her face and cried.
"Ha ha ha"
At that time, a cold and extremely laugh came to Ryunosuke's face.
         twelve
At the same time, there was a rustling noise at one point on the surface of the lake, and when I saw that there was water smoke all over the surface, the ripples became "renren" and the ripples became "han Hong". Phenomenon has occurred.
The surface of the lake and the thousands of cliffs that erected the lake were covered with the pale color of "Sohaku" like the fireflies as I said before, but now it makes a sudden noise. As expected, the silver-sama cannot help but be suspicious of the phenomenon in which all the ripples that form a ring from the water smoke turn bright red.
"What happened to that?"
Ryunosuke nodded that he had bullied the nasty Oyuki-chan bullying and asked him questions.
"Oh, that's why people jump in every day, at the right time."
"What do you do when you jump in?"
"What do you mean, that is, throwing yourself. When you look at it, you may jump in ten or twenty in a moment. Things will float softly, it's a woman's buttocks. "
"e?"
"When a woman falls into the water and dies, the corpse turns upwards and the man turns downwards. I haven't seen a lot of floating places like mochi. "
"It's bleached, you can't put it on the windward side of a woman."
"I don't know the human being at all. When I pull out my sword and show it, I'm terrified and call for help, but when I want to die, I bravely ah and later, this I jump into the pond of blood. "
"I'm not brave, I'm sissy."
"I don't know which one."
"There are a lot of idiots who make themselves poor and see it as good."
"Sometimes ..."
Ryunosuke changed his back a little and leaned back from the parapet of the cliff to the rock wall behind.
"How about the land reclamation business?"
"It's progressing steadily."
The question and answer with Ogin-sama turned to a completely different content.
"Is it an emphasis mark on things [#" things "?"
"Make things [#" things "emphasis marks]"
"Then, how many people can we expect to be under the Queen of this cultivated kingdom?"
"There is no limit to the number of people, we will include as long as the supply of land production allows."
"Is there a prospect of land production?"
"It can't be absent, as long as the soil itself has the production capacity, if the land has the ability to bear fruit if it is sown, the population that lives in it. You will surely get enough production to feed. As long as the land already supplies food, it is not impossible to accommodate humans there and live there. "
"So that's it--"
"Human beings are deprived of their freedom because they can't eat. In the same way, as long as humans can eat without relying on humans, humans can really live like humans. I'm loyal to you because I'm being fed by Chigyo. I'm being fed by Chigyo, so in a rainy day I have to die in front of your horse. No. You have to be a slave in front of your lord, even in normal times, when it's not the time-if you know you're going to eat yourself, you need to be acquainted and loyal. No. Just like that, everyone ... "
"Well, wait, Ogin-san, you said that if you knew you were going to eat yourself, you don't have to be in slavery. You said that it's a kind of slave, I see, how about the life of that peasant who knows to make and eat by himself, that's more than human Who says it's not a slave life
"Well, that's why there is also a cave, that the peasant is living a life of slavery beyond Samurai, even though he knows that he will make things between the heavens and the earth, live and eat himself. I fully admit it, and if I admit it, my land reclamation business will start. In fact, today's peasants do their best to sow the income on the land. You can't own it. Not only can you not own everything, but you've robbed almost everything for others. "
"Who will take it?"
"People who don't make food and clothing are robbing other than the peasants. And the peasants who make food and clothing are taking a small amount that is enough to breathe, rather than just living. Given, and thus made to be immobile, I'm going to stop it in my cultivated land, for those who make legitimate clothing and food, justify their share. Give, and let us say that clothing and food itself is a heavenly blessing other than human beings, without human beings subduing to human beings for food and clothing, and from that, human beings are equal to each other as human beings. The purpose of my cultivated land is to live with my body. "
"Hah-that must be a good idea, but suppose that purpose was achieved."
"Okay"
"Then, for the sake of life, that is, for food and clothing, without giving in to each other, under the life of surplus food and clothing, human freedom is extended and enjoyment is increased, so-called royal road paradise. , Imagine that an ideal country on earth has been established. "
"Okay"
"At that time, what if there was a bad guy in the land next door, who envied the ideal country and came to steal the treasure that he could afford?"
"When something like that appears, we can't accept it because of our unity."
"But what if that bad guy isn't a few, not two, three, five, or ten, but hundreds or thousands of people unite and invade?"
"At that time, the man of us throws away the hoe, and the woman throws away the tsumugi and repels the foreign enemy."
"When you try, you need to be prepared for such an untimely intruder-if you have fifty-six enemies, take a good deal" and make an emergency. However, it is not possible to use bare hands against 10 million intruders, and the other party does not always come with bare hands. You'll have to put in as many weapons as you need for your life. "
"It will naturally become ready as the business progresses and grows in scale. For example, if there is a fire in a village, if it is one or two, it will be a pail or a basin. 》, But if it grows, you will have to prepare an emergency pail and a dragon spout 《Ryutosui》, and you will be able to start working on your own. For intruders who do not know when they will come. You don't even have to prepare in advance. "
"I don't think that's the case, I don't think the settlement is possible without the emergency and intruder's prior equipment. Then, go and go, the equipment robs most of the production. Look at it because it's going to go-that's right, let's take a look inside. Ogin-san, if your ideal country is established, you can continue safely for a considerable period of time. As a matter of fact, it is assumed that a waterless paradise has been established in which neither foreign enemies nor intruders show shadows. If there is a selfish person inside it, who will dispose of it? "
"There, there is no such thing as selfishness in my ideal country. The reason why there is no selfishness is that we absolutely allow selfishness to anyone. Today's politics and morals are all human selfishness. Since it is only dedicated to restraint, it will result in arousing human rebellion. Please forgive yourself indefinitely, people will unknowingly become self-weighted. "
"Hah, that's a wonderful thoroughness, and I think it makes sense, but let's talk about one example."
Ryunosuke took the shakuhachi again, and while using it as a skein, asked the silver-sama a soft question again.
         Thirteen
"For example ... here is a selfish man in that ideal country, let's say he was a man and he fell in love with a woman in the same paradise. What will the result be? "
"We will absolutely forgive the freedom of love."
"Freedom of love ... but what if that love wasn't perfect, that is, when there was love on one side and it wasn't on the other?"
"Freedom is not allowed where you don't love each other."
"By the way, the problem is then, what if there is something that enforces that unforgivable romance: one man in the first example of paradise loves one woman, but a woman However, if the man gives up and withdraws from the love when he does not repay the love, there is no problem, but when it is not, violence is naturally triggered, and the woman powers. What will happen if we are weakened in and cannot resist the violence? "
"It can't be helped, then the woman protects herself with death or otherwise submits to the power of the man, similar circumstances must be allowed even if the woman is aggressive. not"
"Oh, then, your country also endorses violence, it admits conquest."
"Even so, power is important. Power is not just the power of the arm. Wherever you allow absolute freedom, you must have absolute power-and that power. Things are armed in times of emergency and money in times of peace. "
"But don't you admit that both armed force and money have the power to do what you want?"
"There is no such power, even if it seems to be, it is a transformation of armed force or gold power."
"But-for example, I've just taken an example of a woman, so what about a woman's chastity?"
"Chastity-Misao, isn't it?"
"Yes, for example, how does armed force or money handle this when a woman defends her chastity with death for her beloved husband?"
"Is it chastity? I don't really understand what chastity is."
"Hah, then, the wife of a good family and the kind of prostitute Oiran are the same."
"Well, you're the same person, one is born to protect one husband, and the other is just designed to deal with a large number of customers. One husband. It cannot be said that the one who is forced to protect is a virgin, and the one who deals with many men is an unfaithful woman. Even if it is said to be the wife of a good family, there are women who are quite unpleasant in character. There is a woman who has a good personality, even if she is a prostitute. Even though she doesn't understand the essence of chaste, she protects only the world and her body, and the truth is that she is a good family. There are a lot of wives, and there are also a lot of prostitutes who can become good virgins if the circumstances are changed-I make chaste a standard that is not so wasteful to see a woman. I don't think I want to. Originally, chaste is a selfish bond of human beings caused by the oppression that tries to push or give a certain person to a certain person. I admit that both oppression and bondage were necessary for social survival, but now that oppression and bondage are using humans. "
"Then, is it okay to unconditionally release the chastity of a woman?"
"That's right"
"Then, every woman who is a woman has to be a prostitute."
"No, no, the prostitute sells Misao, liberation does not mean selling, and in our society we do not recognize the need to sell, both men and women are independent. And if there is a guarantee that you will be given a living, what do you like to sell-you just meet if you have a connection and leave if you don't. "
"It's been hard, but even if you don't morally admit chastity, there's a distinction between a woman who is emotionally dirty and a woman who isn't. And if you're a man and you choose one, it's, of course, the one that's not dirty over the one that's dirty. It protects one man from the beginning. When it comes to choosing between a person and a woman who can deal with anyone, you're probably right. Let's say it a little more realistically, your wife. But which do you choose, a woman who loves you alone or a woman who is a wife but forgives another man? "
"You don't have to ask that."
Ogin-sama replied to Ryunosuke to come back as Tsundere,
"A wife who can't love one husband-a husband who can't love one wife-that is, the beginning of the prodigal and the incest that has happened in the world, so all the tragedy starts from there. It's a ridiculous story when you think about it. That ridiculous thing happens because you try to chase after the affection that you should have naturally come out of. It's okay to be a married couple during that time, and if you don't like it, it's nothing if you just wipe out the form of a married couple. If you look at the form of a married couple as a relationship of friends, what do you mean? No, I don't have to keep my friends who are unlimited from time to time, who should be close and far away, together for the rest of my life, and I want to do such annoying things. It's not something you can say. "
"But what's happening between men and women isn't that simple, because even if one's love declines, one's love may still be flourishing. In other words, there is something unskilled. It ’s a thing. ”
"That regret or jealousy is the worst thing to do. In the ideal country I'm trying to make, regret and jealousy in such cases are strictly prohibited, and in such cases it is extremely free. I would like to educate and keep it from among my children, just as it should be. "
"I see-what you don't know if you put a child in a society with different habits and give him a different education. I'd like to ask you how to deal with the tragedy that occurs when you try to go against yourself, whether it's armed force or money, or how the power you say deals with that. Speaking of which, what about sanctions in your kingdom if your wife is unrighteous, or if your husband is a woman and has no direction? "
"The unrighteous wife-that unrighteousness may be interpreted differently between the so-called unrighteousness of the world and the unrighteousness of my country, but let's follow the example of the world, killing as a punishment. I will not forgive in my country, and expulsion to another country is only an unresolved extension, so in such a case it is extremely peaceful and only one needs to leave the other. No regrets, no jealousy-if you don't like to leave, you're still living the same life, but you'll absolutely forgive each other. "
"Oh, can you do that, right now, can you just see and hear your wife forgive many other guys in front of you?"
"I think I can do it-I think I have to be able to do it with one idea, to the extent that it is now completely done on one side and no one will hurt. Because it is allowed to ... "
"Is that allowed? Is there a society in this world where you can look at your beloved wife, saying that you can do unrighteousness regardless of the other person?"
"So you said only one side-one side is only on the side of the man, who is in front of his current wife, no matter what injustice he does. In that respect, women are jealous, but in reality they are extremely generous, and the early story is that we are now seeking new seeds. The ground of the ideal country to do is that it used to be the ruins of the Kyogoku family's castle-let's see an example of leaving the Kyogoku family. "
"So that's it"
"There is a big pine tree in the place where this child named Oyuki is making a temporary residence, and when I see it, I can't help but look at that side of the pine circle. As you know, Matsunomaruden is one of the beautiful concubines of Hideyoshi Toyotomi, who was the wife of a castle owner. However, it became a prisoner and became a prisoner of Hideyoshi's favor. It seems that he was not a concubine. You know that there were five wives. One of the five wives, including the northern government office "Mankoro" and Yodo-kun "Yodogimi", and the Kyogoku Matsunomaruden. There were five men who were officially called wives, and each of them had a castle and was proud of their generation. That's about it, so Hideyoshi's conquest other than that. I don't know how many women there were, and if you read a book of things, you can count them with a lot of examples. It is not believed in fact that after the warlords of the inn were sent to conquer Korea, they called in their wives who were away and ordered the concubine of Neya. Even so, no one blames Taiko's mistress. Power is that. If there is power, it is good or bad for a man to love many women at the same time. Aside from that, isn't the fact forgiving? It's relatively to women-rather than being seen as absolutely unforgivable, but it's forgiven by men and not by women. There should be no reason, in short, it is a difference in power, so if you have that power, even a woman can do what a man did, and it is out of the question that it is morally good or bad. Yes, as long as you have the power, even a woman can't do it. "
"It will be such a cave. But is there such an example for women?"
"If you have one, look at Tang Dynasty Wu Zetian."
"Um, is it after Wu Zetian?"
"Historians write history on the scale of the times they are in control, so they often overlook the scale of nature and human beings. Although it is reflected in historical books only like the unreasonable, wicked incarnation of "Gonge", the human heart should be forever obsessed with such a violent, nasty, unreasonable person. There is no such thing, even if there is a temporary power, it cannot be kept popular for a long time, but that person does not loosen a little based on the throne of the Great Tang Kingdom, and the favorite man who likes it is unconditionally his own Being able to keep up to the age of eighty while playing or killing as a sacrifice of sexual desire must be a very powerful person, ah. It must be seen as a kind of virtue rather than power. "
"Hah-power is a moral above all morals."
Ryunosuke lied.
         fourteen
Ogin-sama doesn't seem to be so excited, but the argument hasn't diminished.
"Power can be said to be morality at all. In the world, morality has been categorized into individual patterns, so small ones are applicable. However, when they grow up, they can't fit in the mold, and in that case, they make a noise with their eyes triangular, saying that they are immoral or ill-mannered, but they do not notice that their mold is small. I'm not saying that it's exciting to be unable to make progress with just the facts, but it's rather natural. The quintuplets of the coral "Sango" were pierced with a needle. Even if there is a hole, the flaw must be a flaw. It is no longer worth it as a quintuplet, but digging a hole of one or two lengths in this Mt. Hmm, so it has nothing to do with the mountain neuchi, and the world sees it in the same way, so the frenzy begins there. I can't blame Taiko's five wives for taking Nagura, but morality doesn't have moral authority if there is discrimination, and when we're a little younger, we're all alone. There is no morality that Hidekichi Taiko can commit a man's wife if the lady in the back shop is bad at playing Maotoko. The morality of the strong man-I was one of the people who tried to resent this kind of thing a while ago ... "
"If you try, a powerful guy can do anything with all his might."
"Even so, if you work hard, humans can make the world a paradise. Small humans interfere with the use of the power of the strong, so humans grow." I can't finish it. "
"In my opinion, utopia and paradise are dreams. The power of human beings is also known. Heaven wants to make human beings suffer from birth. It's a color, it's a love, it's a magic drug, and when a human gets caught in it and becomes a parent and has a child, it's over. How about the state of the world that was bred in the world? In the ideal world, paradise is not something that can be done by human schemes, human beings should be extinguished rather than born. "
"You're a top-notch philosophy of extinction-it's just philosophy, but you're dying because you have the power to execute."
"Hmm, hmm, execution power-known."
Ryunosuke mocked himself. Then, as a tsundere, silver
"Sorry, you're not the only one, no matter what extinct philosophers appear, the war continues, the epidemic spreads, the human species are hard to run out."
"It's annoying, I don't want to grow bad guys, but someday it's going to be extinct, there are times when every human being can be beaten."
"It's a big deal, but after all it just grows, and I can't see how it's decreasing, I can't kill each other even if I kill each other-it's true that it's a power other than humans, it's coming only many times in centuries, wars and natural disasters. It's rare to kill 100,000 people at a time. Besides, you can't find any other power to counter this human power. What on earth will kill humans? "
"The time will soon come when the soil and water will be so cold that no moss will grow, and there will be no moss, so there is no reason for humans to live, wait until that time."
"Who said he wanted to wait for the arrival of the time, we have never imagined such an era. As you can see, there are dozens of times more grain on the ground that feeds people's demands. Because the soil loves humans, so there is no shortage of food, we live, prosper, organize, defend, and when we don't hear, annihilate, with the authority of power, ourselves. We will conquer those who do not obey. In that sense, absolute violence is allowed. You cannot see the light of a bright day, and if you are alone in the tenth day, five in the month. While sucking human blood and living barely, we conquer the soil, make all humans our ideal graduates, and use them as cows and horses, isn't it fun? "
"Hmm, that's not a conquest, it's used as a sacrifice for the life of many elephantless elephants, and it's used as a dashi. That's what the profane relationship is all about. In short, humans waste their land and exhaust their vegetation in order to devour their useless and foolish lives. You can only do what you do, in the end you just destroy nature and lose humanity. Speaking of a land reclamation project, it sounds good, but it's a selfish name for both humans. From the perspective of nature, it's just destruction. The work done by humans, the hawk is known until then, but if it grows too much, the nature will not be stagnant, such as the big earthquake of Ansei. It's kind of raw, and the time will come when humans will be extinct. The heavenly heavenly river "Gawa" freezes completely, and the frozen stream becomes a waterfall, the most on earth in this world. From a high place, a great flood of ice spilled over the ground, covering ten and twenty layers, not to mention humans and animals, the beasts that live in the mountains. However, the seeds of living things, from seedlings to eggs, such as seafood and plants that live in the sea, are completely covered with ice and become extinct. I had such a dream when I was in Shinshu, but I was awake. When you look at it, people make a noise saying that the mountain has spewed fire. It is the difference between fire and water, but there are times when the human being is out of seed due to the adjustment of natural breathing. I think "
"Well, there may be times like that only in dreams, but well, look at the world, the blind people are exceptional, and when you look at them with eyes like us, the ground is still youthful and human. There is oil in it. As long as the ground and humans are alive and showing off, no matter how extinct theorists, unless they die with their own hands, they will not even die. But wait until the day of extinction you imagine. "
"I can't stand it, when will that day come, can't I leave here until the day of extinction?"
"Thank you, be patient, and wait for the day of extinction."
"I can't stand it, I'm bored, can you put it out a little wider?"
"No, you're the easiest to do that."
"It's not a joke, I'm dying to be imprisoned for some reason, who put me in such a place?"
"It was sealed by me."
"Hah, laughter 10 million, the ideal land, the kingdom of comfort, the one who does not allow people to forgive unconditionally, is relieved if he does not capture one man and put it in captivity. Can't-it's a suicide of the philosophy of power. "
"It's just like an extinction theorist is lost because he can't extinct himself, hohohohoho."
"Ogin-san, when you silently listen only to your cave, you seem to be a woman who is more than Wu Zetian, but the cave is a cave, and I am currently confined in one room. I'm dying, why don't you release me from such a place where you can't see the sun? Isn't it known? "
"Let's say, don't just be you, it's not good to release you."
"why"
"Why shouldn't we just put these people out in the sun?"
"That's cruel."
"Do you know the word cruel?"
"What's not cruel to keep a man in this way permanently out of the sun?"
"The cruelty that results from the danger of releasing such a person is many times more scary than the cruelty of a person who is trapped, so I'll keep it here for the time being. But why is it bad? "
"Bad-depriving people of their freedom is worse than anything else, let alone a woman who wants to build a new ideal paradise kingdom for freedom and liberty. There is a great deal of contradiction in what you wear, please release it. "
"Don't-don't let you out of here, if you have any needs, I'll go here and I won't let you inconvenience me, so please tell me. "
"No, no"
"Do you have any request?"
"It's there, as long as it's alive."
"What is it"
"It's easy to understand what you need to live without asking."
"Is it rice?"
"Ha ha ha"
"Is it meat?"
"Ha ha ha"
"Is it blood?"
"Ha ha ha"
"Well, you're the only person who can eat raw meat or warm blood, and I know that, so I'll supply you as much as you want. Don't be too tender, like you're here, if you eat only this kind of tender meat, the wolf's fangs will become dull. You shouldn't eat it unless it's sore, and thus chewy, bone-in meat. "
"Ha ha ha"
"Now, I'll bring you the good meat you demand, just right for your teeth."
When I saw that the words of Mr. Ogin were strangely excited here and lifted himself up, I saw that he jumped toward the person on the opposite bank to suck.
"That's dangerous"
Whether Oyuki-chan tried to block it, or whether he was entangled and wanted to fly with it, only he was returned and behind him. I was struck on my back against the rock wall of.
Then, on the absolute opposite bank,
"Ho, ho, ho, you can't come here, look there."
Oyuki-chan was shown the scary movement of the body of a person named Ogin-sama in front of her.
Oyuki-chan, who has neither the power to imitate the scary movement nor the power to hinder it, has no choice but to clench her teeth and close her eyes.
When I opened my eyes and looked at it, I thought that there was a balustrade, and on the opposite bank, there was a rough lattice of iron rods, which looked like the same cave as before, but in a white coat "Byakue". I couldn't see the terrifying wind of the shakuhachi, and I could hear the sound of a big bird flapping its wings.
It's a big eagle that has disturbed their vision since noon-in the darkness of this prison, when you see just one bird captured in this way, rather than as seen in the sky, five It was twice or ten times as big and looked like a ferocious one, but the big eagle didn't care about it, and turned down steadily, making its sharp beak full of blood and what to do. I'm eating. If you look at what is being sacrificed by its bloody, sharp beak, with its deep claws, it's the silver-sama of today. The silver-sama is firmly pressed against both feet of the Steller's sea eagle, and is being eaten by poking it with its deep beak, without calling it a face, a chest, or a place.
"Oh, young lady! Young lady!"
Oyuki screamed and was afraid of the unfortunate fate of the young lady who threw herself into that cruelty, but one strange thing was that it was a cruel sacrifice and because of the fierce bird. The young lady, who is being devoured by herself, does not express any pain and does not ask for help, so leave it to herself as she eats. And then, it's not dead, but rather the cruelty, greed, and conquest of the fierce bird, quite comfortably and reluctantly, rather, enchantedly at will. Oyuki-chan remembers the brutalness of the silver-sama's attitude even more than the work done by that fierce bird.
"Lady, you are--"
When I said, my eyes awoke. At the bedside
"Oyuki-chan, I'm just back, you were dreaming."
It was the answer to the actual speech, and when I was surprised, the shoji was white.
The Benshin Houshi must have returned safely to the wind last evening and came back here this morning and just now.
         Fifteen
Mr. Doan, who was able to win a big victory as planned in the Sekigahara mock battle, should have pushed Omi Road to Keihan from that point onward. For some reason, I suddenly turned the road toward Mt. Sekigahara.
It is not the purpose of exterminating the god of the gall bladder, longing for the prince of the ancient old Ousu, and it is also a great figure in the Kanto region, and the mountain of the gall bladder. It is neither a tactic to find the whereabouts of Ishida, nor a tactic to find the whereabouts of Ishida. To tell the truth, the mountain called Mt. Therefore, I decided to visit the site of this herb because of its business.
That was the main purpose, and at the same time, I tried to stop by for a while when I was lent an important servant, US friend, to the colony of that selfish Queen. Doan, who handed over a rice friend for Ogin-sama, does not feel like he has dropped the pearl in his hand, but he is still like the same Edo kid, Tetsuhi, on the way from now on. In addition, I am trying to make up for it by making an appointment with Mr. Kado's master.
Everything, at the will of the tyrant queen, let me do what I want, and while taking care of Doan, if I leave for Keihan, things will go smoothly. I thought. After that, I thought that if I stopped by on the way back, the tyrant's will might change, but here again, Dr. Doan suddenly blew up for herbal research. I wanted to get in, so I told him to have some free time for a day or two, but I didn't know at all.
"Yes, yes, please do whatever you like, and if that's the case, let's wait at Otsu, the teacher, we're staying at a locksmith in Otsu, and we're all around the eight views. So, when you're done using herbs, please visit that inn. You can't be alone with the teacher, so let's add Shoko. Sho-san, you, and the teacher's companion to Mt. When you visit, please use your feet to ask Otsu's Locksmith Denbei in Gangshu ... "
Divide a young man with a heart and attach it for Doan, and then send Doan to the Hokkoku Highway. I followed the party and went up Omi Road.
In this way, the good-looking imitation mogul was supposed to have been sent from Sekigahara to the Hokkoku Highway, but after he came back to Sekigahara again with a flutter, and all the familiar Kao went out. I was a little confused at the inn, but when I departed again, I didn't head for the Hokkoku Highway and started walking toward Kashiwabara because there was something wrong with the Hokkoku Highway. It seems that it was.
Anyway, because it seems that only Dr. Doan suddenly got into the gall bladder, at this time, in a separate room of Kusatsu's mother-in-law "Ubaga" mochi "Mochi", one emergency motion for Yasushi and Kincha Was brought out.
Just before the departure of Sanpinren, a round table meeting was held immediately, and the chairman was a professional turtle, and Yasunao, Kinjuro, Edzo, Gebizo, Yasaku, Imosaku, Teki, Furukawa. Including, Sanpinren's Tetsuchu | Even if you don't go to "So-so", a rugged yota in tinplate | Gojoren takes a seat, and among the faces of this Gojoren , Unusually, one piece of "Beppin" called Ms. Murasame, who is one of the red ones, was added to the three-pin with the same face all the time. It looks like a color that doubles as a. When I was listening to the motion of the chairman, the professional turtle,
"As you know how much we are crushing the courage to get rid of Doan on a daily basis, in the Edo table, we pushed Sanbunyasu's Kyoan, and the eighteen sentences I tried to steal the sign, but unfortunately it didn't turn out to be a thing, and at the Nagoya table, I was frightened by letting him face the Dainippon Kensei, but on the contrary, at Biwajimabashi. Yabuhebi, the bush snake, has made the name of heroism to Doan. , Kyatsu Doanme is a behavior that does not put us Sanpinren in the eyes as a shame, that unmanned person who is a big man in Sekigahara-as it is, put Doan in the upper "Kamigata", our If we make the Nawahari rough, we will set up a camp in Uji and Seta, or set up a plan Yamako 《Kakashi》, or make a fake, and we will bother with it. When I heard that, I was afraid of our spirits, or did I make a separate tactic, and I couldn't help but be alert to the fact that I was struck by the wind and shook the road to Mt. I would like to hear your opinions. "
About that, Sanpinren lined up the Yotas that everyone saw, and at the end, Yasunao was pretending to take the atmosphere and started to talk.
"There is an example of a trial that was saved by escaping to the gall bladder in a long-standing war. It's a little messy until it's tied up, laid around in the third world of Osaka, and smashed into the neck.
Because it showed courage, the troupe took courage again, and even Ms. Murasame
"I can't meet Nao-san."
I offered a compliment.
I'm not sure what it means to meet Nao-san. Perhaps it's Ms. Murasame's seat, but when I met this brave man trained in Osaka, neither Musashi Miyamoto nor Hachiro Chinzei, let alone Mr. Doan. May have praised Nao-san for not being able to meet him.
Then, the professional turtle
"Isn't it a loss to the general public if you say so high like Mr. Yasunao?"
"Wate Hansha, I'm not thinking about all the mischievous things, I'm losing, I'm profitable, I'm pretending to be a big man, and I'm attacking from the Kanto region. There is no other way to cross over than this easy one. Sanpinhan, ask me to do it, chaa. "
"Otto point"
Therefore, this three-pin round table meeting became a military congress of the Ibukiyama Conquest Army, and when the deliberation was ripe, it was decided to go out.
When it came time to go out, Dr. Yasunao began to grate a large number of grated daikon radishes in front of the Sanpin guys. For some reason, I drew down the grated daikon radish and finally grated thirteen cups in the vat.
The three radishes who were watching it were impressed by the extraordinary energy of their energy, and looked at the fact that if they were to scrape this amount, they would be able to scrape 67,000 radishes a year.
"Why do you grate so much radish?"
The face that Yasunao couldn't pull out was to answer and say
"For a long time, a large snake" Orochi "has lived in the mountain of gall bladder, and if you touch it with poison, it will be poisoned if you call this gall bladder. , The medicinal herbs are messed up, and some of the herbs are messed up with poisonous herbs. I don't know how to make and drink it. At that time, if you eat it with grated daikon radish [# "Taan" as a side point], it will be poisonous.
When I heard that, everyone was impressed. Like a professional turtle,
"As expected, Mr. Yasunao has a deep idea and is in good shape!"
Then, Ms. Murasame said again,
"I can't meet Nao-san"
But again, I was worried about Miso no Uranameroku, who is an old man.
"That said, it's not easy to carry this grated daikon radish in 13 barrels, who should carry it to Mt. Gallbladder?"
"I don't want to be so painful, I don't want to have a boss who says Kaazou [#" Kaazou "is an emphasis mark] at the mountainside of that mountain, and I want to carry a grated daikon radish on my back. Emphasis mark "
In other words, at the foot of Mt. Ibuki, there is a boss named Kaazou [# "Kaazou" is an emphasis mark], and he is happy to bear this kind of grated radish.
Hearing this, all the Sanpins admired that they were finally ready for the ease.
         Sixteen
Mr. Doan, who does not know such a thing, passed by Hokuhoku and Kashiwabara's inn "Shuku" with Shoko, a servant of Yonetomo who was sent by Mr. Kaku.
If you want to climb the gallbladder, especially from the direction of Joheiji, where Gin-sama and Yonetomo set up a colony, from Sekigahara, do not go out to this main road, but from Ozeki to Hokkoku Highway. Although it is in order to get out, there is no promise that those who climb the gallbladder will have to take that path, and there are many mountain trails from Kashiwabara and Nagaoka. If you take the mountain climbing main road from Ueno in Suijō Village, it is not a derailment to get out here, but anyway, Doan took me and this Kashiwabara inn is out of the way. As soon as I was walking around, I came across something strange. By the way, did the front line of Sanpinren, who needed Kusatsu, come here as soon as possible?
"Saasaa, I don't see it, I don't see it, Korekore soldier" Sakuhyo "Yai, Taroju, how do you like it? Is it okay, is it okay? "
"Don't do it, don't do it, even if you say it's spoiled, collier, inma, or squid."
"Yeah, how about that head?"
"In the place where there is a simmering curtain and the curtain comes out, no matter who you think you shouldn't put it out for, the saffron cod and the saffron cod are now saffron cod."
There was something that came after Doan, so when Doan looked back at it, he dragged the hand of another man and another woman and came. The appearance is strange, so if you look closely, you can see that he is a local citizen wearing a female wig and his face is sticky with mottled face powder. After that, Yajima came to me. When I saw that body, Dr. Doan took it as soon as possible.
"Hey, I'm here, there's an amateur play near me, this guy is just looking at me."
That said, I immediately stuck to his fellow Yakara and started running.
Soon, when I went to the shrine of the guardian, I found that the pillars of Kabuki were pushed up and the stage curtain "Doncho" was hung, and the straw mats "Rather" and the bamboo blinds "Yoshizu" were stretched around. I didn't take Kido, it was open to the public, so I was so happy with Doan that I cut into the sights and already occupied a considerable number of seats.
Soon, there was no room for a vertical cone inside and outside the venue, and eventually a clapping tree would ring.
"East, West, East and West"
Clap crackling.
"Two liquors, eyes, sardines, ten sardines, Asahatamura | Wakashū will give you to Takoemon, who has a horse."
Clap crackling.
"Three bags of buckwheat flour, burdock ten |
Clap crackling.
"Calligraphy ten books, simmered food single, Santaro widow to Nagamatsu"
Clap crackling.
"Three bundles of fire, candles, twenty swords, and the side of the Honjin-sama give us the right to work as a guardian, Emon."
Clap crackling.
Clap tree tick.
"East, West, East and West, these days, the tenth stage of Taikoki, the stage of Amagasaki, the beginning is ticking."
When I heard this, Doan became happy with the asexuality,
"Thank you, this is why I can't stop my trip."
         Seventeen
Mr. Doan looked at the tenth stage of this Taikoki very mysteriously. Dr. Doan: I don't necessarily have a main business of derailment and mixing, and when I enjoy it with the people, I like to be strong and do not break a lot of silence.
While doing so, it was true that Dr. Doan was enthusiastic about the fact that this troupe finally managed to complete the 10th stage of Taikoki, the first act of the main line. It was unexpectedly good, and probably because it was close to the upper part, Chobo was certain, and the gestures and lines of the actors in the troupe were in the ranks for the time being.
Doan was so impressed that I wanted to praise one prize. It can't be helped if I praised it after the curtain fell, well, it seems that there is Mr. Gen Omi in the next curtain, so I was enthusiastic to throw a praise word to the Edo wig, but the curtain "Makuai" is quite long, and Doan also held a little stool, so I asked Shoko to leave the seat, split the crowd, and went to the toilet. But-on the way back, the dressing room is completely visible from the gap between the Yoshizuba wigs, so when Doan sneaks in, the local actors wear costumes. In the middle of the wig, the master's turn circulates around it, and Tokoyama hangs around, and the scene was a rather unusual sight. Looking at it, it is unavoidable that Dr. Doan got sick and sick. Until now, during the tour, I was squeezing Yoro's sake that had been brewed in the gourd, so if I was able to show off the unusual backstage in this way, the bugs in my stomach would be settled. There is no.
Then, when Michian-sensei hid himself in the crowd, he gave the Imasaka mochi "Imasakamochi" to the merchants who opened only three | steamers "Seiro" and boarded the dressing room again as a cheerleader. I came here. And to say to the caretaker
"Wow, I'm an Edo person, but I'm in the middle of looking up, but I didn't know what to do, but I was kind enough to show you your art. It's not embarrassing to go to the big Kabuki in the city. Excuse me, you didn't realize how much you could do. When I was young, I loved the play, Daishiro Monkey. When Hakuen and Hanataka were flourishing, I used to go out even if I put the medicine box on the quality, but recently, the grain of the actor has dropped sharply in Edo. There is a theory that this one has a fat eye, but it doesn't matter which one, but these days there aren't enough actors to get absorbed in it. Niwa >> or the clown is innocent and may be a goddamn thing, but today I have a connection like this, and I'm going to see your play. Why is it so full-fledged? Ah. First, Chobo's Tayu is certain. That's right for the actors. So, in my heart, at the beginning, it was my eyes that I saw it so sweetly. I made a mistake, and I was so impressed with your art that I was so impressed with your art that I felt like I was screaming at you as a thank-you and apology. However, please enjoy it with everyone. Wow, anyone who knows Doan in Choja-cho, Shimotani, Edo, knows, no one knows, I'm grateful for the eighteen sentences that are extremely friendly. "
With this said, Imasaka, a three-bamboo steamer that was given to the store merchants, was sent to the dressing room party in a reverent manner. It was taken, but it makes sense to reconsider the offer.
No one feels bad about being praised, let alone the good guys who want to show off one act of an amateur play, so it was good that Kami and her daughter in the village were flattering. If you say that, they are good people who can be ecstatic. However, the traveler who appeared here is, according to himself, a genuine Edo native, and a proboscis that seems to be tired of seeing the stage that seems to be the stage of the San to famous actors from a young age. But also. The authentic Edo kid unexpectedly said this and came all the way to the prize with souvenirs, so it is a reason that the dressing room party cannot help but be pleased.
First of all, Mr. Gengoro, a tayu who talks about Chobo, jumped out in front of Doan with the shamisen that was in tune.
"This is welcome, really, thank you for your kindness. Oh, the kindness that we, the inexperienced people, don't listen to so much, no longer. I'm sorry. I can't do the tricks that I would like to hear from the hometown of Edo, but it's an honor for me to say so. Thank you very much. Please take a moment to look at it and fix the bad things many times. Come on, please go here ... "
Because it was the first time for me to put it underneath, Doan also felt good.
"Well, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I went into the dressing room of the Sanza in Edo when I was young, and even if I had a high nose or a good honey [#" good honey "as an emphasis mark], I'd like to make everyone a favorite. Emphasis mark "
Saying that, while stroking Doan and the chin, I squeezed Chokonan on the thick brocade of the stage brocade that Tayu recommended.
Although I think that it is a customer who is not shy for a long time, there are all the people who want to show off even one of the amateur plays in the countryside, so I am sorry for the way this customer who does not know shyness is treated, and I also praise it. It wasn't just Chobo's Tayu, but I was impressed with all the art of the troupe, and I was about to inspire Imasaka's three steamers as a total flower, so everyone at the top and bottom of the troupe had a good feeling. There is no reason not to dislike Doan. Therefore, even though it depends on the face of the next curtain and the fallen warriors of the previous curtain, all of them bow their heads and can't tell, but the way of hospitality is normal, such as tea and cigarettes. There is none.
It's okay if Doan is pulled down around here, but why is it that Imasaka's three steamers can't cut their own stomachs? When you find the main ball,
"No, my boss, you're the one who's done Mitsuhide right now. It's fine, maybe it's the type of Umetama, but if you ask me, that's Koraiya. I want to go with "Koraiya". Must-have "Hitsujo" -Hisayoshi-The actors in the upper part want to play with a face like this. Today, Asukon, there is a type that holds a bamboo spear like this, and a type that holds a bamboo spear like this. Well, it depends on the pattern of the actor. It's going to be like this, but it's a loss for an actor with a big handle to hold it like this. I'm afraid that you've done all the tricks with your breathing up to that point. After all, it's a job that you would normally do to poke and kill a person with a bamboo spear. Well, from the historical point of view, you, Ms. Mee, who took up the post of general under the heavens for three days, could be called "Koto Umitsuhide". Shiashinukiashi >> It shouldn't have been possible to poke the enemy general's sleeping neck with a bamboo spear, but that's the play, the work of the author. It is the work of the author to change the taste and bring the tragic cause and effect of dying with the nameless native bamboo spear to the punishment that killed the Lord and parents. The person who does "Ya" knows well, and while imitating the actor, you must not forget that the frog "Karisomeni" is also an actor. I'm pretty hungry, so I groaned a little. "
When I was told this, all the actors Mitsuhide were happy.
"Oh, thank you very much, I think that all the entertainment is the sexual root of the role, and I try to show it as much as possible, so I'll do my best."
"That's it, it has to be ... But be careful, you said that at the time of Hojo Yoshitoki, you would wash the raft, but that shouldn't be, Mikado will be washed away. Then, the one who puts a raft on the next side is the older brother who made Hisayoshi earlier. The hot water is water ... over there. It's light, but it's a little too good for you to be a man, but it's a flaw and a ball. However, this one is also a disguise of Hideyoshi Taiko, who is one more big than Mitsuhide, so after all he must have that much face soul. Speaking of face soul, Hideyoshi's face resembles a monkey. Also, there are two theories that Hideyoshi's face resembled a monkey, and that the monkey's face resembled Hideyoshi, and neither has been decided yet, but in this case, it is a deep question. Hey, the face resembles a monkey, and the eyes are brilliantly "raft" ... That's why the face soul must be something different, but you're "mee" , With a beautiful freshly shaved blue spirit, and with a white-painted slimming, the girl on the lookout was a little sick. It was too beautiful. I wonder if your ground "Jigao" is too beautiful. "
When I was told this, the actor Hisayoshi was happy again. Even if the soul is not a heroic hero, the face is beautiful, and when the women say that they have made a noise, it seems that the joy that can not be wrapped up comes up.
Then, without Mr. Doan, I went to the actor, this time Misao [# "Misao" as an emphasis mark].
"The person who puts on the costume there is the person who served as Misao [#" Misao "as an emphasis mark]. This role of Misao is a very painstaking role. After all, there is a sword, and there is grief, and I have to be sandwiched between the Lord, husband, parents, general and general, and sort out in-law, humanity, merit and gratitude. Hey, there's no place to show off that habit, and I have to go based on that, so even in Tateyama, if I don't have the strength, I can't hold it. However, you often knew what to do, and I was really impressed by the darkness of the place where you were closing the door while playing a role. Also, because Chobo is good, I can't say anything because my breathing fits nicely. "
Misa actor was afraid to say so,
"Oh, no matter what, our art is being held up because Mr. Tayu takes over."
"Then, I'll tell you about each role again ..."
Michian continued to raise and lower actors such as Hatsugiku, Shigejiro, mother Satsuki, and Masakiyo, and then came back to the whole, and the pattern of the deceased Torazo is like this. How about Daizongjuro, who raised his legs there, rubbed the tip of his nose so much, and didn't rub it, so I was very impressed with his favor until the middle. The dressing room party, which was welcoming me, has come to think that it is a little strange.
While doing so, when the 柝 《ki》 entered, the next curtain came.
Although the curtain was open, Doan completely forgot to return to the spectator's seat, and he did not care about the actors and Tayu who went out to the stage one after another. Whether it's tea ceremony or tea ceremony, no one is willing to talk to him about the play, and when the stage progresses, one person goes to two people, and the dressing room is almost empty, Doan was also tired of talking, and when he finally tried to raise the mikoshi, he staggered and came to the long-lasting place where he put in the costume props, and he was very sleepy. I wondered if I rolled into the long-lasting room, otherwise I was fortunate to have a mochi, and when I fell asleep in the long-lasting room, the fluffy costumes fell down from above, and Doan. I have pushed myself over.
On the other hand, Shoko, who was keeping vacant seats for Doan in the flat soil, was not worried because the return of Doan, who stood up for a small business, was late, so he searched for various people, but no way in the dressing room. I don't think I'm rolling around in the crowd, so I wandered around in the crowd and searched all the time, but I couldn't finally find it, and I finally heard the clapping tree of the curtain. As long as there was a curtain, I thought that I would probably return to the original seat, so I went back to the original place and waited, but since Doan never came back, it is no longer a place to see the play, the curtain I jumped out again in the middle and asked around.
Uji Yamada's Yonetomo has come across this kind of example over and over again, so he'll try to bite his teeth again, and from that bitter experience, he'll inadvertently piss on Doan alone. It wouldn't have happened, but when it comes to Shoko, he's not used to treating Doan yet, and he's not as hungry as his American friend, so he's finally a good young man. The man was at a loss asking, and started crying without any help.
         XVIII
Yonetomo of Uji Yamada, who came to Nagahama's meeting place as a bouncer for currency exchange, waited for a while in front of the meeting place, but today it seems that there is something specially busy at the meeting place, and the rattling is open. not.
Therefore, as a short-tempered American friend, it is natural that he will start to get a little impatient. I couldn't wait, so I started wandering around the meeting place.
Around the meeting place, I went to the corner of the wall and went back again, and I saw persimmon seeds falling in the groove and the Temari falling down. While going back and forth, there is still no temari. This time, when I ran a little far on the main street, went to the place where I could see the water of the lake and tried to turn back, I found that there was a Kosatsu hall and many bills were hung on it. When I read the kosatsu from one end, it was written as follows, even though it was the largest in the middle.
[# Indent from here]
"Sadahi"
Regardless of what happened He said [# "emphasis mark" to "gauso"], and Aruhi made an agreement, and said that he was leaving the village, and called him [# "emphasis mark" to "teu-san"]. Make an offer to the government office as a reward
Tota's complainant << Sonin >> 100 pieces of silver
The complainant of the lie
Teu-san's complainant
While he should be exempted from the surname of the sword sword due to the item, even if it becomes similar once, when he makes a statement and proposes the name of the symptom, the family "Toga" should be forgiven and rewarded.
One, there is nothing to complain about, the villages are in a state of turmoil, the things in the village are seized, and no one is lonely. Even so, if you have a heavy sword, you should be rewarded with a sea urchin, a sword sword, and a sword.
Date [# 2 characters up from the ground] Bugyo "
[# End of indentation here]
Yonetomo is a scholar, if you ask me, so I read this without difficulty.
"Oh, I can't do it with the crew, I don't want to make an appointment and evict the village, I'm sorry to accuse it, to the person who accused me I'm gonna give you 100 pieces of silver as a reward, and on top of that, I'm gonna gradually get rid of the sword with a surname. "
Yonetomo glared at the front of the Kosatsu with a sideways glance.
"I know it's bad to work violently as a gang, but even peasants don't do gangs with intoxication, so there's something painful and unbearable, or not. If there is a person who is fooling around, the person who complains about it will be rewarded. Also, because it is painful and unbearable, he escapes from the village and falls to where. It's also a sin, it's bad even if it moves, it's bad if it moves, it's bad if it stands and rejects, the peasant isn't floating. "
Said Yonetomo.
         Nineteen
This kind of Kosatsu phrase may have been around for a long time, but what is listed here now is that the color of the ink and the grain of wood are very new. It's easy to see that the Kosatsu phrase itself has existed for a long time, but the ones I wrote down and listed here belong to the recent ones. Therefore, it is not implied that the recent posting of a new event is wandering around, especially in the minds of the people, who must make a strong impression on it.
However, Yonetomo didn't make the observation so strong, and when he tried to return it to the meeting place, he seemed to see Doyadoya and Haori Hakama's liver roasting in the town. However, Yonetomo collided with him, who came out with his feet and headed for us by controlling passers-by and clearing the road. When you look at Yonetomo
"Hey Yakko-san, don't go aside, sir, a daikan will come to this."
"Nani? He's-what happened to the daikan?"
Yonetomo suddenly pokes his mouth, but he doesn't know the reason why he is Yonetomo's Yonetomo, and he treats him lightly as a strong child.
"There is a daikan from the Tenryo, so don't make a mistake."
Abandoning that, I didn't treat Yonetomo very deeply, so Yonetomo was also a little out of tune.
However, the streets of the daikan and the lord do not match the anti-sledding so much with Yonetomo. To date, there are countless examples of squeezing or even squeezing the nose because of the streets of such things. For example, when I left the country and went down the Tokaido to the east, and when I was doing a ladder riding trick on a wide alley in Asakusa, I had a great deal of commotion. At the time when I was close to the party of Notomori Komai on the way to Koshu, I was made a gurguru shaved at the Tsurugawa ferry at the end of Uenohara. After that, it is the same with Doan that the sex does not match the streets of the daikan and the lord again on the next road. I don't even notice a head-on collision, so I jumped into the field and got caught in a mulberry tree, or when I was passing near Kumagaya, Takeshu-I don't know how far Doan flew if there was no mulberry tree at that time. As you know, I cheated by riding a horse backwards.
Therefore, Yonetomo also thought about it. In any case, the streets aren't the right ones for me, but I don't want to quarrel with them, so I'm going through the streets.
Yonetomo voluntarily cut off to the side.
When I cut to the side and ran blindly, I hit the water mouth.
"Oh, no matter which way you go, it's water."
While saying that, when I went to the water's edge and saw it, another
"Aw"
I had to repeat it. Whichever way you go, it should be water, this is the western part of Nagahama, where you are facing the lake water of Omi, which you bear the name of, so as long as you run west, you know that it is water no matter where you go. ..
"Um, yes, this is a piece of Lake Biwa, it's wide."
While saying that, Yonetomo also looked at the lake water of Biwa that he faced again, and was fascinated by the scenery.
Even though I fell in love with it, it's just wide, beautiful, and I can see the island in front of me, but which is the famous Chikubujima and which is Okinoshima. So, since everyone knows about Takeijima, which is Takeijima, it's a blind eye, so there is no content in the landscape view of Yonetomo.
However, although there is no content objectively, subjectively, there are quite complicated emotions in the mind of Yonetomo as a Yonetomo.
While gazing at the quiet lake surface, standing still--
Therefore, the recent American friends have become accustomed to thinking without knowing it when they look at the features.
While I was still fascinated by the scenery of the lake surface, the weather did not change, but before I knew it, there were a number of uneasy boat legs on the lake surface, and I went to the wide grassland in front of my friend. People gathered from the inside of the ship, and it seemed that they would gather in the square. At first, I was caught in a fantasy and didn't think about it, but somehow the situation was not so calm, so Yonetomo said.
"Well, I wondered what I was going to do when I got on such a boat, and there was no other festival, oh my god, everyone sat down behind that grass field. Hmm, I'm afraid I've had some kind of counseling, but it's a little calm for counseling. "
In fact, it seems that the gathering of people is inadvertently 200. It makes me feel uneasy that those things did not come from the town, but boarded by boat and silently circled to the grass field.
For example, if it was a consultation for a festival or a collapse of the day waiting, it would be good to rent a shrine worship hall or a temple main hall as a place.
However, it doesn't seem to be a party on the way home after taking a leisure trip to Yuyama in a group of ships. There was no decoration on the ship, and first of all, the people who gathered were mainly middle-aged men, who did not wear Minogasa and did not have bamboo spears, but they were all exaggerated. Speaking of which, there is no one who sings cheerfully after gathering there in a quiet manner.
Therefore, when Yonetomo felt that it was not calm, for the first time, the new standard "Sadamegaki", its color and wood grain "Mokume" that I read at the Kosatsu hall came to my mind.
         twenty
"Maybe that's not the gang."
If so, it is both a pity and a danger. Hmmm, yeah, I said that a daikan or a lord would come, and when I think about it, there seems to be something finally happening. At the same time that the daikan and the lord are coming from the east, they are coming in from the west by boat, maybe because of some reason, a head-on collision is likely to occur there. ..
I hope that doesn't happen. I haven't decided if that's going to happen yet, but apparently, if it's an anbe-style that's likely to happen, it'll come to my mind. It would be difficult on the day when things happen. In other words, it's a riot, it's the same as the egg of the war, it's a civil war. In Edo, there are ronin roaming around in Edo, poor groups occur, and if you come to Nagahama in Edo, you will be in Nagahama again-it's a troublesome world where you can take care of it wherever you go. I don't know anymore, on the day when I was just taking care of people, my soul was burned out.
I don't know--
Yonetomo, who turned to the side on purpose, wandered a little on the grassless water shore "Migiwa" while looking toward the lake again, and the number of people who had gathered now was completely hidden in the grass. As the water of the lake hits the shores of a deserted island, Yonetomo never gets tired of looking at the songs of the bays that are far away and hazy. Then, I connected a boat to the water's edge, laid a 蓆 "rather" on the cut stone, and came across a person who was hanging fishing. Looking at the person's appearance, the place where he wears a flat knitted hat, wears a black crest with a shoulder rest, puts a sword aside, and hangs innocently. , It is a strange appearance that makes me feel unusual in this area. I feel like I haven't seen a samurai for a while. This Nagahama is not a castle town, so it's a commercial town, so maybe there aren't many samurai, so I finally found one person here, but this was after I made Samurai a samurai. He is a samurai who doesn't get rice from anywhere. He used to get rice from some lord, but now he can't get it anymore. However, unlike a samurai who can easily be fed without getting rice by handing over the family to Segare, the first, that hat, that colored crest, Iwa He's a well-known ronin.
However, while the ronin is hanging down like that, the ronin is also calm--
While Yonetomo sees this kind of thing, it's also a shame to turn back on the foot that turned toward this side just because there was a ronin, well, let's go past it a lot. Because I'm fishing quietly, I can't say words, I don't need to say words, I can't even make footsteps so much, and it disturbs the mind of the Ronin who is quietly fishing. It's polite to pass by in a sloppy manner-and Yonetomo knew the courtesy of Yonetomo, and when he tried to pass behind the Ronin, it was Yonetomo's reluctance. On the contrary, he was a ronin.
"This is a child!"
"e!"
Because it was called, not only was Yonetomo called by saying "Eh!", But he also said "This is a child", and it was a very arrogant word, and moreover. Instead of calling people and looking at me, I'm just looking at my own fishing.
"What happened, did you see the officials of the inspection site?"
After all, the other party asks Yoneto while looking at the rod and needle.
He's a little weird, if you hear him pointing at the hook, you can look at the hook, but if you ask for something to humans, Yonetomo thinks you should turn to humans. If you do
"Um, what's wrong, the officials of the inspection site who boarded from Edo Omote will have already arrived at Nagahama."
Because it was still an arrogant question without turning to this side, Yonetomo also had a slight hindrance to his ears.
"Don't know, I'm not in charge of what kind of officials will come."
said. The Ronin, who is fishing for the first time in that word, looks back at me and looks around the rice friend with a calm face.
"Oh, aren't you from this land?"
"I'm stupid."
Yonetomo tried tongue for the first time.
"What are you saying?"
"I don't know what to say, catch a person, suddenly, a child, a child, look at the face" and then say something. Talk to the first fishing rod. Then it doesn't matter if you look at the fishing rod, but if you want to talk to humans, why don't you turn to humans and say something? Hey, grab a human and suddenly what are you? "
Even though it is a ronin, when I think that this miscellaneous word "elephant" makes me sick, the ronin who enjoys fishing is rather Japanese. Laughed at.
"Hahahahaha, I'm sorry, I see, it wasn't good to treat you as a kid, as you say, and I'm talking about the rough beaches around here. It's gone, please forgive me. "
"Umu"
Said Yonetomo. When I stood back and forth without saying forgiveness or forgiveness, the ronin on the right seemed to have something very interesting, and on the contrary, he came to me and finally came to me.
"Well, if you don't hurry, sit here and talk a little."
When I get out like that, Yonetomo doesn't feel like sitting down as he is told, because the bugs of the squirrel have subsided, but even so, he kicks the sand roughly and goes away. When I feel like I don't have it
"By your words, it's clear that you're not a human in this land, it's awkward to ask someone who isn't in this land about this land, first, It wasn't polite to just look at the fishing people without paying attention to them when talking to them, it seems that you are the first person to come to this place called Nagahama. "
"Um, I've never come to a place like this, I didn't mean to come to a place like this myself, but I'm forced to ask someone to do it."
"Well, so Nagahama is a pretty good place."
"Um, the scenery isn't so bad."
"There are many other good points, not just the scenery."
"I don't know how many other good things there are, but I don't know if I'm just here."
"You can't tell, you know Hideyoshi Toyotomi."
"Is there a guy who doesn't know Hideyoshi Toyotomi, you're not kidding? On the way to here, I went to the place called Nakamura in Owari, the birthplace of Hideyoshi Toyotomi, with my teacher, and made a memorial service. It ’s the one who came to me. ”
"Hey, that's a strange thing these days. That's why you came to Nagahama because you miss the remnants of taiko."
"Well, I didn't come to Nagahama with the intention of coming, because I was asked, so I don't know what happened to Hideyoshi Toyotomi and Nagahama."
"Hah, did you come to Nagahama without knowing it?"
"I don't know"
"Sorry, not only Hideyoshi Taiko in Owari Nakamura and Osaka in Settsu, this Nagahama appeared by Taiko, and it can be said that Taiko was promoted by Nagahama. When Taiko was Fujiyoshiro, he went to the castle here. From that time on, this town, which was once called Imahama, was changed to Nagahama. "
"Oh, I wonder if that was the case."
"Ishida Mitsunari, too, was first known to Taiko here for his career advancement."
"I wonder, but you can't see the castle anywhere."
With that said, Yonetomo looked around the scenes before and after, just like now.
         Twenty one
So, this ronin seemed to have gained considerable interest in the language response of Yonetomo, so he purposely inserted a fishing rod under the stone, stood up and stood up beside Yonetomo, looking at the neighborhood in the same way. First of all, I pointed to the castle of Taiko and taught it to Yonetomo.
"Oh, the one in front of me is Takeijima, and the one I can see over there is Chikubujima-the mountains of the end of my life are Hira Hiei. "Hiei" -then north from the mountain of Atago "Atago" to Wakasa "Wakasa" Echizen "Echizen" -and when you look south again, you can see white walls flickering between those small trees. That is Hikone Castle, the head of the Ii clan, and to the south again, the castle of Mt. Sawa of Mitsunari Ishida is one step higher, and the mountains in between are the ruins of an old castle. Another Hidekichi's Yokoyama Castle on the mountain of "Garyu-san" -and the castle of Kannonji Temple by Mr. Rokkaku Sasaki, Kagamiyama, famous for Japanese poems ... It's also mentioned in the note. Then, when Tota Tahara, also known as Mikamiyama and Fuji Omi, defeated Mukade, the castle of Nagamasa Asai's Odani, with seven spears. The famous Shizugatake. You can see it around behind, and it goes without saying that this is the Odake of Ibuki. On the other hand, Reisengatake. "
The ronin stood up and pointed at it, and the general explanation given to him made the eyes of Yonetomo shine again with their respective contents.
However, I have to go home already.
I don't like to kill too much time. So Yonetomo
"Thank you very much-I have to go home already, I came to the meeting place to use currency exchange, so for a while" Ma "extended too much."
"Well, go home. But be careful, go home, it's not necessary to tell me, but today, apart from that, I have to be careful about traffic."
"Why is that?"
"That's what, at best, I'll ask you, I'll inadvertently ask you if the dignitary's deputy came or didn't come to this land. The daikan who is going to come to the site is a daikan who has a slightly different perspective, even if he is a daikan, and is an accountant of the daikan who was specially sent by the old man of Edo. "
"Whether it's an Edo official or a deputy officer, I don't have any trouble."
"Of course, you're not bland, but it's a big bland for this region. The official of the land survey that came this time is the current Edo accountant, Ichino | He said that he went around all the way from the Hokuriku region and entered the country of Omi, but the official named Ichino, who was originally not good at mental arts, said that he was wearing a senior man on his shoulder and had a side garment. By the way, I'm receiving grudges from the people. "
"Fumu"
"There is a great reason to sympathize with the people for the reason that Ichino is hated by a certain person. This accountant constantly takes bribes."
"It's not good, it's best to take a bribe from an official, and only the officer who takes a bribe is still good at straightening the bend, and wants to bend the straight guy. "
"That's right, this accountant wears the majesty of the old man on his shoulder and walks almost all over Japan, but even if he comes to Sendai, Owari, or this Gangshu, Hikone I pretend not to look at the strong parts of the clan at all, but when I see it as a small clan with weak power, I have to give a bribe and put in a scale, so the good people of those lands grudge and bone marrow. It means that you should come close to anything, wait for it to arrive at Nagahama, and take the plunge and petition. "
"Hmm, that's right, the boat was the one where people gathered one after another in the grass field."
"That's it, it's just now that the boat rowed through the nose I was fishing in this way."
"If so, that's a big deal."
"It's a big deal, it doesn't hurt the officials for the Rōjū, but I don't know what will happen where the momentum goes, and Kimiko doesn't approach the danger. So be careful on your way home and don't touch such a scene. "
"So that's it"
"It's only if I enjoy fishing like this, otherwise I'm not necessarily a prince, so I might have come closer to danger. I'm grateful for fishing. It's a thing, when you enjoy fishing, you forget about the world. "
"It's also an idea to forget about the world, what is the understanding that if you enjoy yourself, people will not know even if you have a difficult time?"
"Umu"
That said, the Ronin seemed compelled to shut up because his American friend wasn't given a heart-throbbing reply. Then, this time from a friend of mine,
"Um, then, anyway, it's a gang [#" toto "is an emphasis mark]."
"e?"
And this time, the laid-back ronin is the answer of dismay. In other words, when I tried it, Yonetomo groaned like a German slogan, saying that it was a gang and a ronin, recalling the people who gathered in the grass field on the right. However, because the wording was blunt, I couldn't hear that, and it seems that this Ronin itself was a half-split of the gang, and you also called out to it that it was a half of the gang. Probably because it resonated with.
However, Yonetomo immediately added it and said as follows.
"Sorry, if the people who gathered in that grass field bumped into the officials of the inspection site, they wouldn't be able to get away with it anymore. Will I be Sakura Sogoro-I'm sorry. "
Therefore, the Ronin was relieved that he was not told about himself,
"Ah, it's a gang that can't be missed, everything is probably the feeling of Sogoro Sakura."
"Umu--"
"It's hard to get caught by an official and think that it's a half-split of the crew, and it's safe to go around to the people and be mistaken for a spy, so be careful when you go home."
"In any case, I have to go home early, I'm sorry."
Yonetomo was so impressed with Muramura and his mission that he went straight to the original path without greeting.
The fishing ronin looked at his body and thought that he had a terrible smile on his face. Soon after, he put down his fishing tackle and connected it. When he jumps into a small boat, he pushes his body and immediately starts rowing toward the south beach, hiding between the reeds and seeing no shadow or shape.
         twenty-two
When Uji Yamada's Yonetomo returned to the meeting place and looked back, it was late, and there were no horses anymore, but when I asked him, there was nothing to step on the groundwork. There is shopping in this town, so I'm starting, so follow me-this is the shop, and the way back is convenient, because I'm going back through a different way than when I came- A detailed message is attached to the drawing.
Yonetomo followed the horse by it.
I will take a different path from when I came due to circumstances, because the path when I came at this time is noisy, there is a possibility that even among the members of the group, I am acting as a deputy officer Maybe there is, so I decided to avoid it and take another path, and I shouldn't think so to my American friends.
In any case, it's not so far, between the eyes and the nose, at the foot of Mt. It's different from the bouncer of》 -Let's chase one.
Yonetomo followed the path as taught. If you go back the way you came, you will come to Suijo from Ishida and Ohara across the Hokkoku | Wakiokan, but the only way back is to go to Nanao.
Thus, Yonetomo followed the horse for exchange as taught.
However, don't worry, you don't have to go to the nose of the back road, and you've already come across the horse in the middle of the town. Of course, the guard and the horse are safely attached to the side of the horse. The only difference is that the horse is carrying a lot of luggage. Even though it's abundant, it's just a bulk, and the net isn't that heavy. The furniture needed for a new life-from the lantern "Andon" to the thin [# "emphasis mark"] I'm loading as much as I can. The horse looks great, but the weight isn't that great, so the horse walks on with a calm side.
"Brother, I'm sorry to have kept you waiting."
As soon as he acknowledged the appearance of Yonetomo, he was told by the head of the other party, and Yonetomo shy. I don't know which one is sorry to have kept you waiting.
In addition, the clerk said that the front highway seems to be noisy, so I was planning to go through the back highway, but when I met my brother here, I decided not to bother to go behind the scenes. After all, let's go back to the main street where we came from.
Yeah, it's better than that, nothing is that we're stealing thieves, and we don't have to imitate the traffic of the world like running away-Yonetomo. Immediately agreed, so the party safely left the town of Nagahama and returned to the original road.
Still, the fear of this party is that I should not come across an official of the inspection site from the old man of Edo on the way, but when I came across, we are now stealing thieves, as my brother says. I'm not doing it, and I don't have the weakness of delinquent annual tribute or cheating on the inclusion of Hidden, so unless I'm strong and rude, I'm not afraid. Still, it's all the feelings of the party, except the horses, that it's better not to come across them than to come across those who are officials and deputies along the way. However, although the guards are overwhelmed by the warfare, the difference is that Yonetomo's is just a kind of tantrum that he doesn't want to meet because he is noisy.
Thus, the left and right sides became a group, and when I came to Ishida on a wide road that looked like a ridge road, I ended up coming across it here.
Speaking of simply encountering it, that would be the point with the daikan-or the official, but that is not the case. It was until this party passed to the place where many people were overflowing inside and outside the garden of Ishida Village.
"Well, let's take a gang!"
Yonetomo enthusiastically said, but the sound of Itotake quickly eliminated his enthusiasm. Yonetomo was relieved because the flutes and drums were heard lively from the crowd. No matter how peaceful the world is, there is no such thing as a shamisen drum or a flute.
It's a festival! The idea that it must be a kind of festival came to my mind, so when Yonetomo unintentionally solved the power hump, he knew the head of the pack animal.
"Oh, let's take a look at one of the rain-making dances."
"You're on the left."
"My brother, there is a rain-making dance, this rain-making dance is a local specialty, and there aren't many other countries, so please take a look."
"Umu--"
Yonetomo said is neither affirmative nor negative. Yonetomo doesn't argue that it's bad to see the rain-making dance, but he doesn't agree with it. It can be interpreted by both sides, and in the usual case, I do not deny that I stop by to see the famous food on the left, but now it is an emergency, even if it is an emergency, the war cloud around here It's not that it's moving, but if you look at Yonetomo's observations and brains from a while ago, it's kind of disturbing and makes you feel like an emergency. It's not that I don't feel like eating the grass to do it is not a good idea. However, since the emergency itself has not yet concretely appeared in front of us, I think that the situation is so urgent that we must ban even the slightest enjoyment and comfort. I can't. So, as a US friend, I made a reply that I couldn't tell whether it was affirmative or negative, but I didn't care about that, and both the guard and the horse were sullen and left the horse on the side of the road. As soon as I got into the garden of the rain-making dance, Yonetomo didn't have a gap to say, and I was drawn in and went to the garden of the festival.
It would have been good if it was just this, but there was one wasshoi wasshoi that seemed to have come through the northern part of the Wakiokan road to the east, just a little later.
This wasshoi wasshoi, unlike the fashion ream that pinched Doan at Biwajimabashi in Nagoya, this is neither a three-ply nor a helper, but a genuine region of this region. A lot of young people came here as if they were flying, carrying one longevity in good economic conditions.
If the exchange horse and the group of Yonetomo and others could see the festival garden one more time later, it would have happened here, of course, but in the meantime, a couple of minutes. There was a difference, but it was the same that they came here and admitted that there was a dance with music, and at the same time their curiosity was peculiar to this region, just like the exchange party. From the desire to see the ancient elegance of the rain-making dance, which is a specialty of the festival, I asked for the spirit of Wakashū, and it was inevitable that they would all collapse and rush into the garden of the festival with Doyadoya. Even if it's the same way, everyone in the exchange party has a lot of tranquility, but Wasshoi is a group of young people who are full of blood, so I'm very enthusiastic. I was dying. The longevity that has been carried up by the economy until now has gone out on the road and has fallen into the overall view of standing. At the very least, if I was a little older, I would have been a little reluctant to put it out by the side of the road, even if I put it out the same way, but only a group of strong young people. It wasn't there. In this way, the festival garden of Ishida Village flourished in dancing, but it is bad when you are unlucky to the place where horses and boxes are spilled out on the road in front of you. ..
A group of officials from the Rōjū Mawashi inspection site passed by from the east in a dignified manner.
Therefore, this group of Edo Rōjū Mawashi inspection officials, who should avoid the three houses, was blocked by the longevity and pack animals, so this was free. It is natural that it will not be done.
"What is this!"
There is no opponent even if you try to blame, and even if you try to scold, there is no competition between long-lasting and pack animals. It is only necessary that there is no competition, but the fact that such items are placed at such times cannot alleviate the rage even if it is further fueled. Not only that, this is what I'm doing these days, and maybe the intentional behavior of the gang that fuels the class struggle of Gekokujo! Because of the bad feelings towards the officials, it was a ridicule that he deliberately saw the business trip! Because it was interpreted in this way, it was finally irresistible.
Even if that is not the case, 10 million cheeky at the edge of the peasant who tries to raise the rebellious spirit by inviting an official! In order to show the whole area of ​​this region in the future-a group of digging officers from the old and middle ages struck all the angry hair.
Although the angry hair hit the heavens, for the time being, the only objects that should leak that anger are long-lasting horses and horses. So, as soon as it took a long time to last unexpectedly, I rushed into the paddy field beside me, and for a bad horse, I used a rod to bring it with me. , I hit the bottom so much that I didn't like it.
The long-lasting horse didn't scream even when he was squeezed into the rice field, but as soon as the gambling horse was pulled on his hips, he screamed and became a rod for a while. I started out literally as "Bakuchi". The direction that came out is the garden of the rain-making festival, which is crowded with music.
Even if this is not the case, even if the horse is not exposed, it will be felt by most of the clouds, but since the horse has run into the yard, the crowd, the noise, and the rain are begging. There was no festival garden either.
The turmoil of going back and forth ――It was virtually a mess that anyone could imagine when they released a rampage horse into the crowd.
"You're a daikan!"
It's too late. The long-lasting young people who came back to the scene were squeezed on the spot and struck with a slapstick. Anyone who wanders around can be caught and hung with a rope without his mercy.
Therefore, on top of the confusion, great fear was added.
The other party is bad!
The other party must be bad, and if you become a daikan, even a small daimyo daikan is usually a scary sign. It's a bad deal because it's a direct daikan officer!
The things that were pulled up were bundled together, and dozens of people with ropes were pushed around in the rice fields and by the side of the road. Even if a considerable amount of humor in the village comes out to apologize, I will not complain, and it will be tied up tightly, so I can not touch it.
When it took, what happened to Uji Yamada's Yonetomo? That was the only arrangement at this time. At the moment of this turmoil, Yonetomo didn't go to the front and went to the back because he didn't know the sharpness of his lieutenant and avoided it. As a matter of fact, I couldn't help but jump out to the scene where the officials were tied up without knowing anyone, but the fact that U.S. friend went out to the back without going out made me want to avoid difficulties alone. It wasn't because of the fact that he was trying to control the pack animals that had begun to rampage. For Yonetomo, it's hard to imagine that the horse was struck by the wrath of a group of officials from the inspection site, and that it was so rampant. I was surprised by something and the horse started rampaging, but rather than snooping on what caused this horse to rampage so much, it is the first urgent task to suppress the scene where the horse started rampaging. I realized that it had to be.
So, I went to take control of the horse all at once, but originally, it is much easier to hold down the horse by standing in the way of the person who is approaching, so I chased it. When it comes to suppressing it, it is natural that it cannot be achieved. Because it has four legs and two legs. In particular, Yonetomo is unsatisfied with both of his two legs, so he must think that horses and competition are first of all uncertain.
However, even if I woke up or not, it was an urgent situation that I had to chase after it, so there is no other choice.
The rampage horse that was driven into the crowd and was even more surprised by the crowd was running on the side road 《Azemichi》 as much as it could, and then Yonetomo was chasing hard. Therefore, unless the horse stops, the US friend cannot stop. It's inevitable that you'll run unorthodox, and the more you run, the less likely you'll be away from the scene of confusion between the road officials and the people, but if you look at this alone, it's a land surveyor As far as Yonetomo knows, he admits and feels relieved that he was rather fortunate for both the party and Yonetomo.
On the other hand, what kind of village is this village? When I asked him, it was the luck of the time that he heard that he was Ishidamura in Gangshu, and that made them feel bad again.
"Nani? Ishida Village, Koshu Ishida Village? Then it's the birthplace of the Rebel Ministry of Ceremonies Shosuke, reasonably!"
The official responded to the chest with a jerk [# "Konashi" is an emphasis mark].
Actually, that was true. However, although it is a mediocre village name that Ishida Village alone can not stand, it is a big thing when it comes to the birthplace of Ishida Osamu Shosuke Mitsunari!
         twenty three
Ishida Mitsunari is a rebel giant who has bowed straight toward the awe-inspiring spider Ieyasu.
That's why there is an unscrupulous man here who tries to block our way and defile its prestige, that is, the great public rite itself, ignoring the majesty of the ancestors. is there. Indeed, if it is the hometown of Shosuke Ishida, it will be a prestige to abandon it.
It seems that the officials of the inspection site probably had hatred like that. Therefore, once the anger has subsided, there is no doubt that things that should be listened to are closed, and that the apology cannot be fulfilled. It was a pitiful event that the property that should have been exempted was officially escorted to Nagahama after being left in the custody of the village head.
No matter who said it, as long as this place name was Ishida and Sansei, it was a situation that could not be saved! Okay, the young people who came with these long-lasting clothes are actually young people outside Kashiwara station on the Chusen-do line, and the reason why they came so fast and long-lasting is that. Yesterday, when I held an amateur play outside the station, I borrowed the costume tool from the place where it should be in Nagahama, and since the play also launched it safely, I added some gifts. In this way, I was on my way to return with all the young people. Along the way, I suddenly encountered such a miracle, and it is reasonable that the young people who were full of blood had completely lost their blood and had no living sky.
They became a string of beads and were drawn to Nagahama.
Yonetomo is out of this place in this way, and Yonetomo's accompanying exchange leader and horse are also after Yonetomo, that is, after the responsible exchange horse, rather than the commotion of the table. There is an urgent need to chase after it, so it was fortunate that Mokke chased it.
In this way, the swashbuckler of Ishida Village's Nawatemichi was completed as it was after the great storm, but the only thing that wasn't done was that the officials put it into the paddy fields. It is a long-lasting cleanup of the problem.
Indeed, there must have been a costume tool for the play that was borrowed, and the lid "lid" flew far away "Kanata", and the contents spilled out miserably. It seems that it was mainly composed of women's items, and the hairpin of Hatsugiku and Misao [# "Misao" as an emphasis mark] are half watered. .. It's a brutal body, but no one has anything to do with it. It's not that I've been accused of being a remnant of the crew by slamming my hands.
Even those who happen to pass by the brutal sight of the costume tools becoming watery, look scared and scared sideways, and pass by with their footsteps, so this longevity is also something that can not be saved. It was one.
However, this longevity suddenly started with one big yawn [# "yawn" as an emphasis mark].
"Ah, yeah, uh"
Long-lasting yawning is not something that should have happened, and it certainly yawned, so it seems that the rice fields were surprised and covered. Then, then
"This guy is irresistible"
When I saw that the long-lasting costumes of Hatsugiku and Misao suddenly moved in a drama, there was something that suddenly crawled out of it.
"Oh! This guy is irresistible, I didn't know this."
It's nice to hurry and crawl out of the longevity, but the place where it crawls out is the paddy field 《Mizuta》. Because I put my hands in the paddy field, my hands are immersive, my feet are immersive when I put my feet in, my back is when I turn it over, and when I put it in front, my chest is full from the face It has not been seen that it is covered with mud and falls down.
Just because it wasn't seen, people who passed by at this time wouldn't be able to overlook it. Whether you know it or not, if you look at the people who are knocking down in the rice fields in this way, it is a reason that you can not overlook it, but unfortunately, there was no traffic at that time.
People who know it, with or without traffic, know that, at that time, the person who was playing a mud game by himself, becoming like a monster of soup powder by defeating himself here. He is Mr. Doan of Juhachibun, who is famous in Chojamachi, Shitaya.
"Oh deep dandruff! This guy is irresistible"
If one leg was pulled out, the other leg-thinking that the leg was pulled out, the hands 《Morote》 were deeper than that.
Poor my teacher, Doan, became immersed in Fukada hell, which is not a must-have.
The reason why Michian-sensei came across such a brutal fate in the first place was that there was some reason to sympathize with it.
In the dressing room of that play, I got drunk in this long-lasting, and suddenly a piece of fluffy and thin material fell on it, so no one noticed it, and I fell asleep with a good feeling. After a while, the 柝 of Chiakiraku entered, and the noise of the stage dressing room was completely awakened, so it is natural that longevity should be paid. There is a reason why this teacher's mischievous mind should be seen as having broke out at the moment when it must be put in and covered and it must be destined to be covered.
"This guy's curtain is going to be interesting, and if he's been in it for a while, he'll be sent to the next curtain without knowing it. Leave it to heaven. "
Doan started to feel like that, and while he was holding his breath on purpose, a considerable amount of costumes were loaded from above, covered, and both Doan and Doan were carried out of the dressing room. Deafness can be fully inferred.
However, after that, it was a problem again, and no matter how much it was Doan, if the costumes were piled up from above and covered with a lid, there would be a fear of suffocation after a considerable amount of time. However, there is something in front of you, and you can't help but think of the dangers around it. However, unless there is a longevity that was prepared to carry Doan in advance at Gangshu Kashiwabara Station, there can be no special safety valve for Doan's breathing, so mischief is mischievous. As a mind, the moment the doan inside is closed, it must be understood that it has been placed with some adjustment method for air inflow.
In this way, I am very happy with my inner feelings, and the intention to go to the next stage, which is unpredictable, to break the bottom and get a big hit is shaken inside. In the meantime, was it out of luck that I got a good feeling again and fell asleep horribly and soundly?
After some time, when I woke up for the first time, this body worked.
That's why Doan doesn't know if this is Ishida Village or Tsuchida Village. Also, if you don't know that you're sneaking in, and you don't know the face of the young people who have come all the way in, it's a serious matter. You can't know what's going on.
Therefore, as you can see, in Fukada Hell, Koketsu Marobitsu-I'm sorry to say that I'm sorry, but I'm originally intoxicated by myself, and I'm self-employed. It's a habit, so just laugh and laugh.
         Twenty-four
Ogin-sama's parents' house-that is, a new job as Yohachi started in a corner of the large mansion of the Fujiwara family in Arino village, Koshu.
It means that it is about to demolish the villainous mound that has been made by Ogin-sama.
The fact that this is a very dangerous job does not mean that the job itself is necessarily dangerous, as far as we know when we anticipate the Fengyun that should be created at a later date. There is nothing that no one can do.
It is a commemorative project that the tyrant queen left before leaving for the trip. A man named Yohachi, who was afraid to even touch it, is about to take it down one after another with a calm side, so the person who saw it However, it began to shake.
Of course, it is clear that this is not the job that Itao, as his father, ordered and made him do so. For those who know that his father, Itao, as a custody, has very little authority over this domineering daughter, even in the absence of the tyrant queen, he demolished it and returned. You can't expect Fengyun after you come. So, as a father, rather, even if I try to stop touching it, I can't tell him to add a finger to it. If so, you would have seized it when you first built something like this.
It seems unlikely that even the only parental authority would entice this ridiculous man by giving orders to those who are afraid to touch it. Even if it is okay, as Kazerai's Yohachi, there can be no way to use it or to obey it.
By the way, this is of course-unless it is the direct command of the tyrant, it must be the work of the ignorance of those who are engaged in the matter-because Yohachi is a stupid man, that's about it. It seems that he is more careless and is working on such a violence without hesitation.
However, even so, unless it is the acquiescence of the parental authority, Itayu, such work should not be able to continue in a calm manner, so Itayu does not give orders, nor does he give permission, but Yohachi. Therefore, there is no difference in having a considerable understanding of what to do.
Of course, that's right-one night, as usual, Itao talks into the barn, where Yohachi is smashing rice and teaching Ikutaro the characters. While I came to Japan, I said something like this--
"Nah, Yohachi Don, the story of the other day, the story of wanting to adopt this Ikutaro-den as a guardian of my family, that story that you know or do not know, I still reply I don't ask, but anyway, the fact that you sit down at me with peace of mind understands my heart, even if I can't agree with what I said. I'm glad to hear that, but how about you, Yohachi, whether or not you feel like staying in the barn? It doesn't matter where you are in this mansion, choose your favorite place and build a house for each house, that is, Ikutaro, you, and Shinya, aren't you willing to build one? "
When Itao said this, Yohachi seemed to be a little enthusiastic,
"Thank you very much. Thank you for the other day. I don't know how to reply, so I can't say anything. However, thank you for your husband's thoughts, and when I think about my husband's chest, I feel like I'm spilling tears on my own. Suddenly, I don't feel like telling this mansion to be free. I can reply to you as soon as you tell me to build a new house. Please do so. I hope that there is only a place where Ikubo and I can lie down. It's okay to say that, but since the barn is also a barn, we wouldn't be grateful if human beings could be assigned to each house, even if it's small. "
"Um, he told me a lot, then, even today, take the ground wherever you like, anywhere, and I'll put out as much timber as you want. Carpenters and plasterers will all give it to you. Whether it's big or small, take the ground as you like and draw a picture. "
"Yes, thank you so much-then I'm going to make a request for that from tomorrow, and I have one request on top of that, my husband. But……"
"I'm asking you again, but I don't know what to say, please tell me."
"Now, you said that you should take the land where your husband likes, but we have hope for that land."
"If you have a desire, take what you want."
"Then, I hope, I will borrow the ground of that villainous mound that was built and left by the young lady who came on that trip."
"Eh"
At that time, Itao just caught my eye.
"Yohachi"
"Okay"
"I told you that you can hope for it, but can you forgive me for that?"
"Is it not ok"
"There is no bad cave, but you should refrain from it, I can see that you are annoying when you choose such a place, rather than annoying me first."
"My husband-I don't mind if it bothers me, but I like it more than anywhere else in the mansion, and I would like to build a new house there."
"Don't worry"
"Hey, my husband, I know well when I ask people why they are in trouble, but since all of my husband's inconveniences are covered by this Yohachi, please give me Asukontoko. Please lend it to Hachi. "
"Yohachi: Do you also have something to understand and especially want that place?"
"Well, I have an understanding, I'll tell you soon, my husband, I'm sorry that there is such an unscrupulous building in this pretty mansion" Yashiki "."
"It's bad-it's bad-it's bad, but it's a shame that I can't do it as a parent. It is. "
"It doesn't matter if there is a curse, it doesn't matter how much there is a curse on our body, if you put such a thing in the mansion, it will finally be offensive. The basket "Komo" -I think about this end, so I took away one of them, and after purifying the rest, I built our house in one corner. After that, we would like to give a memorial service to that land again in place of the villain mound. So when the young lady who came on a trip came home and became angry, No matter what kind of blame or punishment Yohachi is guilty of, I will be prepared to take punishment. Therefore, from the demolition of that mound, From topography and geography to Haunting, everyone thinks that we should try it with our own hands-when the young lady blames me. One of them intends to be guilty ... "
"Great, he said well, no one would say that unless you were, so do it because it's okay, whether you want to break the mound or destroy the statue, do what you want. "
For the first time, Itao showed his generosity as a custody of Rin in front of Yohachi. By that word, okay, I can't just blame you, this time my daughter is back, and if I'm dissatisfied with the work this man did while I'm away, this I as a master and a parent It seems that Tayu was also angry that he would show his authority.
Based on this kind of understanding, from the next day, Yohachi started to demolish the villain mound.
Then, during this construction, my husband decided not to use Yohachi for other work, so Yohachi built a work hut here, stayed overnight, and let Ikutaro play while playing silver. It depends on the fact that we are starting to eliminate all the evil souls.
         twenty five
In fact, this job of Yohachi was a job that I couldn't help but terrify everyone who went in and out of the Fujiwara family.
"It's a job you can't do unless you're a fool."
"I don't know, but Buddha is often said, it's a job that can only be done by someone who doesn't know the face of the Fujiwara family's daughter, and only if you're a wind visitor!"
Some people are impressed.
"If that lady comes back and looks at it, what's the result? That ridiculous man is about to be caught and burned at the stake at the stake. Things are a disaster! "
Some people will say that from now on.
Mr. Left, I don't know at all, but it's a Buddha. Yohachi doesn't know how sharp the queen of the tyrants is!
The residence of the Fujiwara family in Arino Village is, so to speak, an extraterritoriality. As far as it takes place in this mansion, the owner of this house has a life-killing deprivation. The tyrant above her husband may, or may not, kill this idiot, perhaps when anger rises in her mind, in fact, burns her house in the fire the other day, and even with her mother. Who burned down at the same time what was connected to the name and brother.
Here, there is a basis for the worries of the villagers who, unknowingly, think about the Buddha's wind fools and anticipate the brutal day of punishment that should come in the near future.
However, this ridiculous person is still Taihei Tenka, applying his foolish power and destroying the grotesque building that has worked hard with people and earth and stones without difficulty in a few days. I exhausted it, and there was no remnant, and I flattened after that.
A digging hut built by yourself in that corner.
Although the master said that both timber and carpenters would be generously supplied, Yohachi built this house with his own hands. Of course, it must be a hairy hut, but it still has a raised floor and walls, but Kiguchi is quite luxurious, so it's an amateur. Even though it was a "floor" architecture, it didn't feel poor, but rather a building with a strange taste was created.
Yohachi in this new house.
As the next task, I cleaned the removed soil, rebuilt the mound, washed the megaliths, and put a new pedestal on it. Then, after all, it must be a plan to build something new on the pedestal.
Thus, it was the grotesque principal image, the female image of the villainous mound, Nyoninzo, that Yohachi held up again and held in the work hut.
Yohachi carried the grotesque stone statue into the work hut and took out the mallet "Kanazuchi" and the stone chisel "Ishi-no-mi" from the leather bag "Itokawabukuro" in the back. Holding it in both hands, I stared at the image of a villain who leaned into the hut.
I was looking at it for a while, but before long I stood up and applied the stone chisel to the middle of the face of the villain, and when I saw that the mallet in my right hand was already swung overhead, Yohachi was the first chisel. , I must be prepared to smash this grotesque face under a single blow.
I was so enthusiastic, but this man hesitated a little, and once again, I was hesitant to review the face of the grotesque villain, because of the serious hatred and ugliness of this stone statue. I don't think I was scared by the expression. However, I can't stand to drop the mallet somehow, and since I have already demolished the mound and made it flat, it must be kindness to crush the principal image into powder so that it is not visible to the public. But now, when I look at it for the time being,
"Well, this is a big monster that is different from a monster." Hey, but it was made with great care so far, even if the shape is a monster, that person's meticulousness cannot be neglected. I don't feel like making it unscrupulous when I think of the pains of a person who has finished it so much, I broke the monsters, but the human spirit is regrettable. "
That was the reason why Yohachi couldn't shake the chisel.
In fact, this grotesque, even with the poorly ornamental eyes of Yohachi, knows that it is a demon and a statue of a villain, and in that sense it should be shattered to dispel the devil. While deeply admitting that it was natural, I couldn't help but make the work itself strange and at the same time be hit by an extraordinary force.
In the expression of this villainous image, it is a little long, but I will quote again the following in the "Volume of Aichi".
[# Indent from here]
"As if the head of a giant octopus was cut out and placed on it, the top of the head is a large kettle, but the concave part of the bon is * [#" Kusakanmuri / Hair ", No. 4 Level 2-86-4] The hairs that are stubborn are forming tufts. There are no eyebrows, with two huge, overcast eyes open to Pakkari. The border with the nose is extremely indistinct, but the mouth is extremely large, with a sneer in the tight tie. Looking at the outline of the face from the head, it seems that it resembles pride, but the eyes that are open with Pakkari can not imagine anyone anywhere. However, depending on how you look at it, the dull, weak eyes that meet with that pucker are more scary than the brilliant eyes. The bright eyes show power, but these eyes show malaise. Power involves sensibleness, but malaise does not bring anything other than contempt.
The sphinx was made by Ogin-sama. However, it was neither implied nor imitated by the ancient | dust and Egyptian relics, nor was it directly or indirectly incorporated the material. At first glance, you can see that it is a sphinx that is unique to silver.
For example, it can be said that the Egyptians of the reconstruction era resembled the stone statue of the mysterious Kabanyoshin Tries, which was represented as the goddess of maternity protection, but of course it is not.
Hathor Goddess's face with a cow in her head? It may be said that it resembles the face of one of the four deities of the rock cave of the Temple of Apsimbel, Kranofel, but it cannot be said that the stone carvings of Mensheteb are similar to this. Same thing as the one.
Ancient dust statues are extremely mysterious, but unrealistic. Behind every mysterious illusion, there is always a rigorous realism.
It can be said that the silver-sama sphinx has a mystery but no photorealism.
The ancient Egyptians believed that the souls of the dead would always live by borrowing the statues, or that the statues would receive the souls of the dead. Well, even if it's a superstition, it must be one of the faiths. There, the great Ham people, who had lived in humankind for 6,000 years ago, used their enormous imagination and the unique belief of soul resurrection, leaving many giant works to our eyes today. There is.
The silver sphinx is not like this.
First, Ogin-sama does not have the idea of ​​a special soul resurrection, as it does not have that huge imagination.
Therefore, the purpose of the mystery is neither a longing for nature, a service to the power of nature, or a fear, but a curse between the selfish profane in front of us that has moved to the human world for 6,000 years since then. It seems that there is no other way than seeing it as a transformation of the vengeful spirit created by Ro, grudge, and jealousy.
So it seems that her sphinx's mysterious object is nothing more than a concrete transformation of her own crumpled belly.
So, the impression that this painting can give is, in addition to the noppera-bō in the whole, the curse in the part, the jealousy, the ridicule, the relaxation, the malaise, and the ugly virtue. There seems to be nothing. "
[# End of indentation here]
Then, this kind of indescribable grotesque power gave a kind of love to the image of a villain who had decided that he had to crush it, while raising the chisel. I had been staring at the villain for a long time, as if I had raised an idea of ​​respect for Jaku, Miren, or in a different sense. At the end,
"Oh, yes, there is a good idea."
He abandoned the chisel and mallet for some reason, held the grotesque on the right again, and used his great power to turn over the stone statue.
Therefore, the villain who had been blinded with Yohachi on his back until now has completely shown the back of his head and back.
After that, Yohachi began to shake the chisel and mallet on the back of the head and back of the villain on the right, without any waste. However, this time it was not for the purpose of crushing, but for the purpose of carving. In other words, it is clear that the purpose is to completely carve the back of the head and back of the villain using another method.
Then, what does Yohachi's engraving try to express there?
After a day or two, I finally came to understand what I wanted to do [# "emphasis mark"]. The face of that expression-it does not require the difficult knowledge to explain the image of a villain, and the engraving skills that Yohachi originally possesses have no other way of expression, that is, Sawai's Kaizoji. Since then, Yohachi has been carving the image of Jizo-sama on the back of the villain.
Twenty-six
In this case, it is difficult to tell which is the front side and which is the back side, but anyway, as Yohachi, the villain on the back is reluctant to art as a villain, but as soon as he puts his own expression into the chisel and the mallet. It is.
Before and after Yohachi started this sculpture, mysteriously, children gathered near this point, a new pedestal, and the Sakuji hut, one person | breeding, two people breeding. I did. They all come together for finding a good playground here. Of course, he is not a child of the Fujiwara family.
Children from near and far villages, mainly in this area, have finally begun to flock to this point.
The children started planting flowers from the mountains around the new platform made by Yohachi, without anyone teaching them.
Currently, there are some grasses with flowers, some trees, and some kinds that should wait for next spring to have flowers. I started to enjoy planting it around the platform.
Then they also bring out their own games at this playground and play with them. At one point, a group of girls start beanbags.
[# Indent two characters from here]
Komebara here
Saitakan
Tenjin Bow and Arrow Matsubara Don
Edo flowers
Blooming
Behind Tatsumiya
Barabotan
Ichieda Okure Yoshino
One branch to do
Flower
[# End of indentation here]
Yohachi found the beanbag song interesting. At other times, the ground in front of it is solidified and polished to shine, and then a kite is attached. Playing a fist, depressing a fist, playing tag in a standing business, some will eventually ride on stilts, some will begin to fly a kite, and that is what Yohachi's It's also natural that people started to flock in front of the workplace.
After that, I became interested in Yohachi's sculpture, flocked around it, and gradually became familiar with it, and with Omatsu, the same atmosphere as when I started education in Musashi Sawai naturally appeared. It was.
However, Yohachi is not as well-educated as Omatsu, so he is not willing to make plans for what to do with these children, just for them. If you are willing to play with such things, the children will gradually relax from the nature of the land itself.
Just as the nature of the land itself is being boosted by the children, this is given as the group of children calls the group and the popular liveliness is added. Even though Hachi did not comment and there was no leader like a pine tree, after planting the flower tree grass "Kakimokuso", various offerings made by hand gathered. It was strange.
For example, a white cotton Daruma doll, a paper nobori, a kanakanbutsu, a high lantern, etc. were brought in and pushed up without anyone bringing them.
Innocent, while doing this kind of thing, I admit that there is something like a childish mind and a natural competitive spirit. If the paper lantern of the instep has a good reputation, you will feel like you are not defeated by it, and when the Kana Kanbutsu of Hinoe gets a cheer, he will come to you with something better than that. Show off the colored paper of the high lantern tied to the tip of the rod, hold it up high and push it up-and there is some envy among children who can not do it naturally. Some have given up, and some have narrow shoulders. Yohachi, who does not interfere with everything that children do, sees such an atmosphere and sees the children's useless competitiveness grow and compete without knowing it. When I saw the children who couldn't bear it, I thought that I couldn't help it.
So, Yohachi realized that while Osomatsu-san was looking at his child, he had to educate him and did this, and he himself was there. 》 Education will be started. However, it may be better to say that this is a sermon unique to Mr. Yohachi, rather than an education directly from Mr. Omatsu.
While steadily chopping the stone statue, I invited the children between the boards and talked to them.
Yohachi's story is not something like a fairy tale or a heroic story, but everyone has to think about Megumi while playing a lot, Megumi of the first parent. Then, thinking about the grace of superiors, the grace of the country, the grace of the world, and the grace of God and Buddha, you should rarely contend with people ... I teach it a lot, but it's strangely in my child's head, so I listen to it mysteriously.
After that, Yohachi also taught the children the Jizo Wasan of Tomei Kazuhisa Utsushi.
Omatsu's education was a formal education to teach academic arts by hand, but Yohachi's is still a kind of sermon. While preaching in this way, when I inspected each of the children who gathered, I learned that the degree of wisdom was different. Surprisingly, despite having a big squirrel [# aside from "Zuutai"], I have a nose that doesn't even know the character of Iroha, and even though it's small, it's been a long time. Knowing that some of them have reading skills and generally do not have an average education, Yohachi decided that he could not just preach, and this time he started to teach Omatsu-san directly.
Educating these children will also serve as educating Ikutaro, so Yohachi will only expand his daily routine and will not suffer any particular pain.
However, the educator itself, that is, the teacher and teacher, the academic ability of the person is very suspicious, so he left the normal school and took the certification exam. I don't have a diploma, and I don't have a full-fledged training like Osomatsu-san, so Yohachi as a teacher qualification is not a big deal. From my experience at Sawai, there seems to be no shortage to guide these children.
I taught "Iroha", "Aiueo", "123", and soon I started to teach addition and multiplication with a handmade large abacus "Osoroban".
Children have been attracted to the interest of knowing letters and remembering numbers. It was the children's homes that shook with wonder rather than the children themselves. I remembered one letter each day and went home, and when I saw the kid who remembered how to bow and went home, I went up.
The big person like that idiot is kind and can be a teacher! There is no mistake if you leave your child there! Children also had good habits, and they were taught to read, write, and even abacus!
The majority of their parents were illiterate. In many cases, I can't read the touches or write a letter to my wife's village, so it's like a gold ball to thank you for the letters. When I see a child who picks up the gold ball one by one every day and returns, it is natural that he cannot help but be amazed at the merit of the person who picks it up and returns.
In this way, Yohachi's house naturally became a sermon stage and became an educational school.
Therefore, parents began to send their kid to Yohachi even if they took the time to help with mountain work and stray work. In that case, I thought that it would be better for Yohachi to set a discipline in time, so he set a timetable for what time to get together and what to do until what time. Next, in order to divide the timetable evenly, this was also equipped with a handmade water clock.
Sand was piled up on one side of the gourd-shaped "gourd", and the time for preaching and reading and writing abacus was divided into a temporary "moment" until one of them was full.
Then, I thought that I had to spend a lot of other time for the business of the houses so that I could get as much effect as possible in as little time as possible. However, on rainy days, we may extend the time specially.
One sunny day, this is the end of the day-and when the children were scattered, a group of people suddenly went out and tried to go down the small path in front of the former villain mound. Stop, and be a boy
[# Indent two characters from here]
Heavy Momka Demo
Dokiare
Oreha Blacksmith "Kajiya" Son-in-law "Muko" Donda
Spear Mo Sword Mosasiteil
[# End of indentation here]
I started singing loudly. Then the girl will continue,
[# Indent two characters from here]
Heavy Momka Demo
Dokiare
Oreha Blacksmith's Daughter-in-law "Yome" Donda
Spear Mo Sword Mo Mochi Tail
[# End of indentation here]
When I thought that I was crying at one time in this way, one of them started crying like a fire. When Yohachi flies out and sees
"Uncle, Tsurudon was bitten by a snake."
"Mamushi, Mamushi, Konbushi"
As early as one of the evil taros, he killed the enemy and pierced the tip of the bamboo, and when he learned that it was the scary poisonous snake of Zenigata that was sent in front of Yohachi. , Yohachi suddenly caught the girl who was bitten by it,
"Where are you bitten, your feet, here your feet?"
Then, I suddenly took my mouth to the wound and sucked strongly. Suck it up, then spit it out, hug the child and run towards your house, where you can quickly roll up a bandage, rinse your mouth, give some allowance, and then put the right child on your back. I hurriedly took him to my child's house on my back. Then, after telling the story of this disaster, if I apologize for not paying my attention, I can't apologize for this disaster. The villagers have a lot of memories of being eaten by the viper, but why isn't it like this, thanks to the quick and good treatment? The parents thanked them, not to say thank you for them.
Also, sometimes when children suddenly complain of abdominal pain, headache, dizziness, or dizziness during school, Yohachi immediately treats them, listens carefully to their condition, but strokes or rubs the prepared grassroots bark. If you give it by squeezing or putting it on, it will heal mysteriously well. If the parents are willing to come to pick them up, they will be taught how to recuperate their children in the future, depending on their condition. It's the same when it comes to bruises and wounds, and it's kind of kind, and it's good at allowances. The grassroots bark is taken and dried or dried to store it, so it fits in a bruise during an emergency. One must see this as a gift that Yohachi learned by imitating what he saw when he was familiar with Dr. Doan.
That stupid big guy can be a doctor as well as a teacher!
At the time when the villagers were surprised again, the result was that this teacher and doctor could not be dedicated to the children.
This school is also prosperous, but it will become a world where this doctor cannot be placed without making it fashionable again.
During this time, Yohachi is not only dedicated to his own sculpture, preaching, education, and medical arts, but also for his master, Itao, who constantly works hard and works hard. He was also entrusted with the most influential advisor.
         Twenty seven
In the meantime, the big one who came to Otsuka-sama this time is not a normal person, and that is exactly the difference in the birth of Mokujiki Gogyo Shonin. No, the five seniors were born and went to the mansion of Otsuka in Arino Village.
And, such a rumor "rumor" stood.
Then, a good man and a good woman, Zennan Zennyo, wanted to worship the return of Mokujiki Gogyo, so he rushed to visit this new house in Yohachi. Then, the people who worshiped the figure of Yohachi who was carving the Buddha statue came out one after another, but I could not understand the person's Yohachi.
At one point, an old woman came around with beads and listened to Yohachi preaching between the boards with the children, but when that was done, the right The old lady came right in front of Yohachi and shook the beads.
"Mr. Minami Mokujiki Gogyo, I'm a Tomi from Marubatake, but don't forget to see it."
That said, I was asked in front of Yohachi, so I was embarrassed by Yohachi.
"I'm not a Mokujiki Gogyo superior, I'm Yohachi from Sawai Village in Takeshu."
Excuse me, the grandmother couldn't hear at all,
"Welcome, you are no different from the birth of Mokujiki Gogyo, I am the Tomi of the Kiri, who was right next to you, you are the world ahead. When I was forty-five years old, I received a Mokujiki Gogyo, and when I returned to the country, I saw the statue of the Buddha in the same way as these children. I heard the sermon while I was listening to the song, and this is the song I wrote at that time.
[# Indent two characters from here]
Mokujiki Kasaya, clothes, and rather
Wearing, laying, sleeping, waking up
[# End of indentation here]
Then again, there is a wooden statue of the old lady of Ikuzuka, who was a mess in the previous life, in my house. The place where you are coming to Jizo right now, and the place where you are gathering the children of the village and telling a thankful story, it is just like a wood eater. I was about the same age as the stubborn children here, and at a temple in the village of Eijuan, I just did the same and told the thankful story of my superiors. The voice is exactly the same. I also saw Mokujiki Gogyo when he was 88 years old when he traveled to Japan and when he returned to the village. Thank you very much for seeing me in the future and also in this world, Namu Amida Butsu, Namu Amida Butsu "
After saying that, I worshiped Yohachi again, and finally Yohachi was entertained.
Of course, this is neither Mokujiki nor five lines, and it must be a genuine Sawaimura Yohachi, not to mention his superiors, but he believes that he is a superior and decides to worship him. There was no way to explain it. Honest Yohachi can't push anything. However, the fact that Mokujiki Gogyo was in the same hometown as this grandmother, and that her superior was a virtuous boy like the rare living Buddha "Ikibotoke". I can imagine.
As a foreigner, I hadn't heard that such a rare person would come out of this neighborhood, but fortunately I would like to take this opportunity to ask this grandmother and use it as a good example. That's why Yohachi decided to catch his grandmother and listen to the old tales about the behavior of the so-called Mokujiki Gogyo.
According to this grandmother, the Mokujiki Gogyo Shonin is called Marubatake in Nishiyatsushiro-gun, Nishiyatsushiro-gun, which descends south from here to the Fuji River. He was born as the second son of a poor peasant. At the age of fourteen, he left the village for Edo, and after various worries, he went through various troubles, and at one point he attended Sagami's Oyama Ishison. At the age of twenty-four, he started his priesthood in the mantra, and then practiced in other countries, or worked as a priest in various temples. , Became a disciple of Mokujiki Gogyo Kaijin, the land of Hitachi, and succeeded to Mokujiki Gogyo. It was fulfilled. He built temples and ran temples all over the country, left countless sculptures of his own simple Buddha gods, and died at the age of 93. It is a superior of the five gods.
Mokujiki is not only about not eating meat, refusing all gastronomy and returning to a simple vegetarian diet, but also avoiding all vegetarian diets. That is, it is a wood eater. From the age of 45, during his lifetime Dhutanga, he kept this tree-eating commandment and lived a lifetime, but when he was not given, he survived hunger with leaves and grass leaves. There was. It is said that the most favorite food was buckwheat flour. And on the back is a box containing the negative Buddha "Oibotoke", which seems to have been rich in legal ties on Sado Island, especially on Sado Island from the edge of Muchinoku. The palace, Buddha body, and winding shaft remain. When leaving Sado
[# Indent two characters from here]
Sado Island, which stands up after four years
The light of the seaweed that you see when you come to see it
[# End of indentation here]
I left the head with the title of the forehead of Kuhombutsu.
From Tokai, Higashiyama, Nishikuni 33rd, Osaka to Banshu, enter Sakushu, go down from Tsuyama Castle to Shimotsui, complete the Shikoku Pilgrimage by boat, and from Osu in Iyo to Saga no Seki in Kyushu. Landed on Bungo Road, headed for Hinata, built a pilgrimage at Kokubunji Temple, solicited Gochi Nyorai, and then went on a tour with Osumi, Satsuma, Higo, and Hizen. "Hemegu" returned to Hinata's Kokubunji Temple, then left Kyushu via Bungo and Bungo and went up to Akamagaseki, then Sanin and Sanyo's pilgrimage began again, and Shikoku 88 places, 3 The pilgrimage of Hyakuri is waiting for this traveling priest. After that, we sewed the Seto Inland Sea and aspired to Naniwa again, climbed the Anji River and reached Seshu from Fushimi in Kyoto via Eshu, Owari, Mikawa, Totomi. Umi, built the Juou-do in the hunting inn there, put the Juouson and the Datsue-ba, stopped the crops everywhere in Suruga, and passed through Manzawa from Okitsu. If you look at it in Minobu, it is already your hometown of Koshu. After sending 45 days to Obi Kanamura on the opposite bank of Minobu, he returned to his hometown of Maruhata at the end of December, 12th year of Kansei, when his superior was 83 years old.
He repaired Eijuan in his hometown Maruhata, chopped up the principal image of Gochi Nyorai, and when it was over, he fulfilled the erection of Shikokudo, the statue of 88 Buddhas, and his ambition. I didn't ask for the end of Daianju. At the end of the second year of Kyowa, he left his hometown again and embarked on a journey that never returned to his hometown.
After that, enter the country of Echigo via Shinanoji. The people of this devout country have stopped their superiors for two and a half years, and even if a special volunteer later finds a Buddha statue in the meantime, there are 150 hidden bodies. I can imagine what it is. Eighty-eight, celebrating the summit of human age, have passed by during the journey, and the subsequent course is unknown. I don't know, but at that age, I imagined that I would have gone to Numata in Kofu from Echigo through Shimizugoe or Mikuni Toge, and then Usui. After crossing the road, Kyoanji Temple in Kanente Town, Kofu, still has seven Kannons that were carved at the age of 91, but I haven't returned to my hometown since then, and I don't know where it ended. But there is a mortuary tablet among relatives,
[# Indent from here]
"The Seven Years of Culture
Enjaku Mokujiki Gogyo Meiman Saint Dignity
"First five days of June"
[# End of indentation here]
According to this, there is no doubt about the 93-year-old peacefulness ｜ Jijaku.
Yohachi will hear this story from the right of the old lady, I have wept without guinea and endlessly. Then, this time, Yohachi lay down and worshiped his grandmother at Abekobe. And to say while crying
"Oh, oh, I heard for the first time that such a thankful superior was born in this neighborhood, that's it, it's a trip, it's a pilgrimage. Increasingly, I was confused about Japan's pilgrimage, I was really thankful for it, I have to travel, I spent my whole life traveling, to 80, 90 It's true that I didn't ask for a safe place to live in. I originally came out with the intention of traveling, but now, in this way, I'm sorry for the people. It was awkward to be spoiled and happy, even though we had to travel for the rest of our lives to our sins ... "
To say, Yohachi is while you are in Fushiogan the old lady, finally tears came flowing without endlessly.
Bottom book: "Obosatsu Pass 16" Chikuma Bunko, Chikuma Shobo
Issued the first print on July 24, 1996 (Heisei 8)
Parent of the bottom book: "Obosatsu Pass Nine" Chikuma Shobo
First edition issued on June 20, 1976 (Showa 51)
* The bottom book is a large scale of "ga" (ward number 5-86) used for counting things and place names.
Input: tatsuki
Proofreading: Saiko Harada
Created January 9, 2004
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
