African culture
Tetsuro Watsuji

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Toru

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Numbers are JIS X 0213 area area number, or original page and number of lines)
(Example) * [# Small Katakana Le, 1-6-92]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

Frobenius's "African Cultural History" is a very good book and also a really interesting book. Thanks to that, the life of Negro can be relived by us, and the culture of Negro can be understood by us. It teaches us how to look at so-called savagery. As Frobenius himself points out, the unity of human culture can only be hoped for through this understanding.
When I started reading this book, I first received a strong upheaval at the beginning of the book. It's partly because I didn't know anything about African Negros, but also because I didn't know what the Anglo-American ancestors did to Africa. I would like to arouse some interest in the book on the right by introducing that part here.

When European voyagers first visited Africa's west and east coasts at the end of the Middle Ages, they found a surprisingly fine culture there. The Capitans at the time said they were totally surprised when they first entered Guinea Bay and landed around Waida. Carefully designed roads are seamlessly wrapped in roadside trees for miles and miles. Even if you walk all day long, only the land covered with splendid fields continues, and the inhabitants wear gorgeous clothes made of souvenir textiles. Further south, if you go to the Kingdom of Congo, you will find that there are so many inhabitants wearing "silk yabirodo" kimonos. There is a well-organized nation, a well-organized nation, a well-ordered, powerful ruler, and a wealth of industry. Even the bones are full of culture. The situation was the same on the east coast, for example, on the coast of Mozambique.
Combining the reports of voyagers from the 15th to the 17th centuries, the culture that was harmoniously and splendidly formed at that time was still in full bloom in Negro Africa, which stretches from the desert of Sahara to the south. It is certain that he was showing beauty. So what happened to the flower of that culture? The Europeans who conquered the United States also invaded the coast of Africa and destroyed it as long as it invaded. why. Because the new land of America needed slaves. Africa supplied slaves. Hundreds or thousands of slaves, like a bill of lading. However, human trafficking is a very disappointing business. There must be some excuse for that. Therefore, it was decided that Negro was a mid-beast [# emphasis mark] [# end of emphasis mark]. The concept of Fetisch was invented as a symbol of African religion. Fetishism is entirely made in Europe. No matter where you look in Negro Africa, there is no idea of a monster between Negros.
For this reason, the idea of "barbaric negro" is a European creation. This also affected Europe, and until the beginning of the twentieth century, even the most well-educated people, African natives were semi-beast barbarians, slave races, fetishes, and nothing else. He thought that he was a savage race that could not be produced.
However, it was the explorers since the nineteenth century who proved that the slave trader's promotion was a lie. Indeed, there is no Negro-specific culture on the African coast as long as the slave traders have been trolls. There are only cheap European goods, miserable Negro wearing trousers, and Negro clerk parasitizing Europeans. But when the pioneers of the last century broke through this "European civilization" zone and the buffer zone behind it to reach "an untouched land", they were everywhere in the 16th century Capitan. They found the same splendor they saw on the coast.
Frobenius was drawn by Capitan in the Cassai Thunk * [# small katakana le, 1-6-92] Le region of Congo during his first expedition in 1906. I saw villages like this. The road there continued for miles and had quadruple palm trees on both sides. All of the houses there were works of art composed of ecstatic knitting and sculptures. The man wrapped a blade with inlaid "elephant cancer" and a snake skin * [# "tree + 霸", 3rd level 1-86-28] "Tsuka" had no iron weapon or copper weapon. .. Birodo and silky cloths were found everywhere. Cups, flutes, spoons, etc. were works of art that could be compared to the works of Romanesque in Europe, no matter where they were.
Moreover, all of these are like the soft colored epidermis that decorates the surface of beautifully ripe fruits. Below that is the delicious flesh. In other words, the entire nation, from the youngest child to the oldest old man, showed obvious discrimination, dignity, and grace in their gestures, movements, and etiquette. The same was true for the families of the royal and rich, as well as the families of the servants and slaves.
Frobenius found an equality of culture there. There is no such thing as a well-educated country in the northern civilized nation.
However, this last "island of happiness" was soon flooded by the flood of European civilization. Then the peaceful beauty was washed away.
There are not a few people who have such an experience. Speak, Grant, Livingstone, Cameron, Stanley, Schweinfurt, Yunker, De Blazza, etc. saw the same thing. But in the last century, superstitions dominated that all high African cultures were attributed to Islam. Sudanese culture was also seen from that perspective. However, subsequent studies show that the beautiful clothing of the Sudanese people is endemic to Africa and older than the birth of Muhammed. Also, Sudan's national organization is long before Islam, and Nigro-Africa's cultivation and educational techniques, civil order and handicrafts are a thousand years older than in Central Europe.
In summary, "African" is purposeful, rigorous, and structural. This feature appears in all cultural products of Negro and Africa. The African people are cheerful, verbose, and optimistic, but their spiritual style of expression is as serious and solemn as it was today and in the past. This style must have started at some point and then fixed later. However, its mysterious and old origin is magically felt by us.



Bottom book: "Tetsuro Watsuji's Collection" Iwanami Bunko, Iwanami Shoten
First print issued on September 18, 1995 (Heisei 7)
Issued the 6th edition on November 22, 2006 (Heisei 18)
First appearance: "Thought"
November 1937 (Showa 12) issue
Input: Hiroshi Kadota
Proofreading: Yoneda
Created December 4, 2010
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
