An example of a beloved wife
Kunio Kishida

Reading Lunaal's diary, he makes a lot of interesting discoveries, but he spent his boyhood with "carrots", and even after becoming an adult, he always looked around with "carrots". He is an unhappy person even in the world where he has been overlooked. Once a friend, the friend is usually overwhelmed by his twisted guts, and even he, somewhere in his friendship, goes away from either side.
As a writer, he has a painful conscience and the solemnity of his pursuit of truth is almost possessed by the devil, but he loves people and lacks something loved by others. A mysterious personality pierces the heart of seeing him like a needle.
Saifu He was the only person in the world to love unconditionally, though it was mediocre, his wife Marii. Moreover, the richness, purity, and nobility of that affection are, as far as I know, unparalleled.
His diary often talks about him, but it is not written with the consideration that he might read it from time to time. The proof also says that it would be a problem if Hosono knew it.
He got married at twenty-two. It was the time when I started my hip-valve life in Paris. It was an era when the publication of virgin works was refused.
Hosono was nicknamed Marinetsuto, and the wife of Song Hong for ten years was always fresh in his eyes.
He took her to the play, by the way--
"Marinet also succeeded in her graceful outfit. The race car is the graceful goddess of republic."
He also sees what his servant looks like as "boring chastity" while he is excited about the blatant topics of the women in the troupe.
When most men say that it is cute, it always becomes "sweet" somewhere. Feeling is not sweet at all, and if you feel it, you say it exactly, and this is not necessarily sweet, but there is a certain gap in the way you feel and say it. Will occur.
The sauifu gap may inflate the whole life, and it may become a kind of human charm, and sometimes it may give a bottomless depth. There is a lot of tendency for Russians and others to be sick.
However, in the praise of the French and Westerners, especially in the praise of Luna Al, who has a lump of nerves, the usual "sweetness" does not feel fine, and instead, he cries. When a kid suddenly showed a toy and stopped crying, the cloud was lurking.
Innocence is a truly painful salvation for him. And the only person who can put him in that state is Hosono in the world.
The phenomenon of his stingy self-esteem, pale skepticism, and smoldering rebellious spirit disappearing in front of her is truly the height of fierceness. However, the word fierce has no ironic meaning. Or maybe it's sad. In fact, my breasts can be fluffy with tears.
He wrote somewhere.
"Marinet knows how to pick up my sullenness, which grows and grows up and becomes angry, in the bud."
It is not true that Kauifu Hosono is inexhaustible in the world. Also, it is not always the case that a man who knows the beauty of his wife and speaks with gratitude is not enthusiastic. But if we consider the life of a boy named "Carrot" who has Mrs. Rupitsk as her mother and shouts "I am not loved by anyone", we will give it to him about one happiness that marriage has brought to him. Can it be dismissed by the word mere happiness?
If you show the front, he is always behind the scenes, he ridicules himself because of his success, he weighs the weight of friendship, and the unfaithful host is the most stubborn man in the world. He admits that he cannot be precious to his wife because he is the woman he wanted to catch.
What kind of woman is Marinet?
The two of them took a walk in the graveyard one day. She knelt in front of a tombstone and wrote the names of the two on the surface with her fingers-although it leaves no trace.
It is a natural right of the reader to imagine his mellow face at that time.
It is also possible to consider a woman who is wise and wise and therefore simple, chaste, and loyal and therefore mossy.
Once again, ten years after getting married, the one who made Lunaal, a rare Japanese shy person, picked irises in the field and made it a souvenir for his wife was simply loneliness. Is it just a sentiment of a soul?
In the end, he drew his wife's appearance as follows.

――Walk to Pajii. I chose a nice way through the woods. However, it's like a muddy road. Every time I step into the mud, Marinet says, "Nothing," or "Okay, don't worry. I'll wipe my feet in the grass." A woman who doesn't complain about muddy roads like this, she's a companion who isn't afraid of life.

――By the way, by the way, I'm like a little child nowadays. I tell Marinet-you have a perfect child who is completely satisfied with your maternal instinct. The child has to forgive anything first. Even if I didn't work, I didn't scold him so much. Well, if you don't do anything at all, you'll be happy forever.
Marinet gave me everything. I'm sick of giving her everything! It feels like my egoism is so good that it remains as it is.
When I told her, "Tell me frankly," she read the color of my eyes and how much she was telling the truth.
This is the only person I can be sure I love-and with myself. However, I'm still ... I often make myself disgusted. Well, I love her very much. Moreover, I never miss it.
Perhaps she was anxious about me and confessed to herself- "There is only one way to save her. To trust him absolutely. That way, I'll never fail. Even if I don't know what I'm doing, that person will teach me. I'll forgive him. "
Sometimes when she watched over the children, she looked really close to them, as if they were her two branches.
Her heart is a rosy heart that appears in her eyes. It's the sun's heart.
At the bottom of her eyes, on the retina, there was a mirror, a small part that was not clouded by love. And I don't look beautiful there either?
Her bare arms have a cool taste.
I have a marinet. I have no right to demand anything anymore.
Beside her, I can say "My work is ...", "My characteristics are ...", "My ingenuity is ...". And while hesitating a little, he also says, "My talent is ...". She accepts the cuteness very naturally, so even I don't feel any unawareness.
I don't know if she made me better. However, it certainly looks better.
When I thought she might be in terrible poverty because of me, I feel like I'm sick.
However, I hurry up and think about it. ―― "She will endure it tightly and gracefully. Now, she will love me more and more."

He was born in the west of France, became a writer, and is a rare person who never drew "adultery" in his work. Perhaps this kind of fantasy must have been unbearable to him. For a writer, he speaks with contempt-a man who thinks he should be able to write a masterpiece even if he is betrayed by his wife.
However, he often writes a work about the crisis of married couple life. That's what "Daily Noodles" and "Mr. Vuelne" are like.
Maruto, the heroine of "Daily Noodles," certainly has his prayers.
"... I don't feel like deceiving Alfredo. Even so, if I'm sure I'll never deceive, I won't do that, I ..."
This is the word of a beautiful married woman Maruto. A euphemistic defense against a man who is a friend of her husband and praises her.
She is a cloud--
"I don't want to make a vow to keep moderation forever. Even if I'm a serious woman, I'm a serious woman who sometimes doubts my resistance ..."
The writer Luna Al's "woman" is as rich as his "words" and knows every corner of the man's heart.
It is doubtful whether the image of his wife Maruto is reflected in this Maruto as it is. Perhaps an essentially distinct type of sword, but what he wants and wants from women, especially "my woman," comes from the disastrous friction between his egoism and his hobby for fragility. However, the psychology of his beloved wife is not uniform. ("Fujin Koron" December 1945)



Bottom book: "Kunishi Kishida Complete Works 22" Iwanami Shoten
Issued on October 8, 1990 (Heisei 2)
Parent of the bottom book: "Modern Customs" Kobundo Shobo
Issued on July 25, 1940 (Showa 15)
First appearance: "Fujin Koron, Vol. 20, No. 12"
Issued on December 1, 1935 (Showa 10)
Input: tatsuki
Proofreading: Hiroshi Kadota
Created September 5, 2009
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
