Red flower
Kotaro Tanaka

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Stimulation << Shigeki >>

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Tokyo ｜ Koishikawa 《Koishikawa》

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Numbers are JIS X 0213 area area number or Unicode, base page and number of lines)
(Example) * [# Roman numeral 1, 1-13-21]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

[# 6 indentation] [# middle heading] * [# Roman numerals 1, 1-13-21] [# end of middle heading]

The 178th year of the Meiji era was a time when the Freedom and People's Rights Movement was flourishing. I was struggling. It was that time.
Tokyo | In a certain town of Koishikawa, there is a wealthy house called Kasai, who was originally a vassal of the shogunate. As a minor civilian, he was sought after by his seniors. It was a slightly cloudy, windless day. Yoshiro was climbing a slope along his own house. All the estates in the vicinity were owned by the Kasai family and were a wooded area, but a few years ago, a part of it was donated to the city and the slope was opened. Met. While climbing the slope with a slow footstep, Yoshiro was preparing a speech for the speech held at Ibumuraro from 4:00 pm that day. It was Yoshiro's habit of "always" in Hirao, and the theory of civil rights such as the fiery fire became like this.
On the right side of the slope is the newly created earthen wall of the Kasai family, and on the left side there is an open space where miscellaneous trees are cut down, and a bamboo fence is connected to it. There was. There were 45 plum trees in the open space, which had white flowers. Spring was moe from the dead grass on the ground.
The slope at the end of the field, Sakamichi, was quiet and lonely. At that time, Yoshiro had a phrase in Mill's book in mind, but when he saw it in the beat of something, he was a daughter with a red flower on her hair bundle. The wind woman was walking in front of herself. The eyes of Yoshiro Waka were attracted to the flower. The lively red flowers, like winter roses, were clearly visible in the objects on all four sides, which were blurred in the color of a mouse.
The woman was walking slowly. Yoshiro's legs got faster without knowing it. The woman climbed up the hill and disappeared behind the flat road. Yoshiro went up to run, thinking that he would not lose sight of it. Then, the woman wondered if she could hear the shrine sound "Ashioto". It was a white * [# "woman + vermilion", 3rd level 1-15-80] "beautiful" face. Yoshiro was careful about his actions, and slowed down to stop.
Yoshiro was also attracted to the beauty of the woman. He wondered where the daughter was, and when she saw her walking alone, there would be a mansion somewhere around here, and if so, which woman she was. I thought about a wealthy house with a magnificent mansion in the neighborhood, but as far as he knows, there was no such house.
The figure of the woman was hidden on the slope. He also hurried up the hill. I couldn't see the woman anymore. The old passage on the hill was a two-rowed chicken, and on the other side was a temple graveyard surrounded by a hedge of cedar. He looked to the right and to the left. No one was walking in the lonely passageway.
The person on the right side of the passage was straight and looked around, but the person on the left side was immediately bent. The main gate of the temple, "Honmon," was on the left. He turned to the left and went to the front of the main gate of the temple with a large stone Jizo at the gate, but at last he could not find a woman. He was disappointed and turned back, but the red flower on his hair bundle "Sokuhatsu" and * [# "Woman + Zhu", 3rd level 1-15-80] "Beautiful" face , I didn't feel like trying to put together my thoughts in front of my eyes.
Yoshiro was 25 years old at that time. The old relatives annoyed him to marry him because his parents were gone and he had no other brothers, but he didn't listen to it and he didn't listen to it. There was a woman who approached him directly because he had a lot of wealth and a name, but he was enthusiastic about the civil rights movement without paying attention to it. ..
Yoshiro's speech on that day was a very weak person. Comrades who were hoping for his speech were very disappointed, and some were worried that he might have lost his health as a result of his over-exercise.

[# 6 indentation] [# middle heading] * [# Roman numeral 2, 1-13-22] [# middle heading end]

The figure of the woman with the red flower couldn't get out of Yoshiro's eyes. The next day, he wandered up and down the hill near his house, wondering if he would meet the woman again, but did not meet the woman.
The next day it was raining cold. He also blamed the rain and went up and down the hill, but he couldn't see it that day.
He asked the woman in this way for about ten days, but he couldn't meet him. I finally gave up, but the red flower was still in front of me.
After only a month, he had to prepare a speech plan again, so he was going to take a walk like Hirao and put together his thoughts outdoors. 》.
At that time, spring was already deep, and the cherry blossoms in the house that could be seen on the earthen wall were about to bloom. While climbing the slope, Yoshiro was thinking about the constitution that was to be promulgated in the 23rd year. Then, without knowing it, I went up the hill and looked at the other side without knowing it. I saw the rear view of a woman with a red flower in her hair. It was the woman he was looking for. He felt like he had met a lover he hadn't seen in a long time, and ran away. The woman turned her back and looked back and showed a white * [# "woman + vermilion", 3rd level 1-15-80] "beautiful" face. He stopped for a moment because he was careful about his appearance.
The woman went up the hill to the other side. Yoshiro hurried again and climbed the hill. I couldn't see the woman anymore. He suspiciously went up the road to the right, but there was no woman there either. So he went back to the left, but he couldn't find it at last. Still, he couldn't give up, so he walked around all day and didn't even make a speech that day.
The red flower had a bright color again and was in front of Yoshiro's eyes. He was no longer able to handle anything and began to wander around the area day by day, but since that time his health had deteriorated so badly that he became a relative and the Kasai family. I was worried about the people being used, so I forcibly recommended him and transferred him to Atami.

[# 6 indentation] [# middle heading] * [# Roman numeral 3, 1-13-23] [# middle heading end]

The house where Yoshiro went was a first-class hot spring inn in Atami called Sagamiya. He decided to take care of himself while staying there, but when the red-flowered woman came to mind, he became so nervous that he couldn't sleep at night.
When summer passed and autumn came, his health recovered a little. He began to fight political opinions with comrades coming from Tokyo, write small treatises and send them to newspapers.
The bright moon came out and it was a regrettable night to have a basket in the room. He casually left the inn and went to the beach. The sea, which was blurred by the moonlight, was quiet, and the waves of whether it was on the shore or not were making a noise.
He dived between the fishing boats pulled up on the sword and walked toward Cape Uomigasaki, but at what time When I was holding back because I was sick, I saw two female companions sitting on the rock and talking. Then, as I passed by, one was a daughter and one was a companion's wife. The two turned their faces as if they had heard his shrine sound, "Ashioto," but the daughter's face looked exactly like the face that remained in front of Yoshiro. He looked back at his face in amazement, but he couldn't see any red flowers in his hair.
Yoshiro stopped after a few steps. ……… Maybe he was the woman of him, but when I decided to review it once and went back, the woman's companion had already risen. The faces of the two women, as if they were in the moonlight, turned to me. The daughter's face wasn't what she saw at first, but there was still something similar.
The female companion "Onazure" went up to the land "Oka" while whispering something. Yoshiro seemed to be reluctant to go away soon, so he went away from behind without going, but he was a calm Hirao at best. I didn't lose my attitude.
The female companion went up the sloping alley "Komichi" through the small fishermen's town. Yoshiro walked at a great distance, hoping not to be suspicious of his female companion. The female companion sometimes laughed, but the back did not turn.
The female companion eventually entered the house where the villa-style upstairs house could be seen. Yoshiro quietly went to the gate and paid attention to the nameplate "Hyosatsu" that was exposed to the moonlight. Two letters called Sugiura were written on the nameplate. ...... He went back to Sagamiya, thinking of asking how many "who" he was, no matter who he was from Tokyo. Like the shadow of a woman with red flowers, she was lightly in my head.
The next day, one of the newspaper reporters who was doing the same as Yoshiro's subordinate came to play with him asking for a treatise. Yoshiro was on the other side of the table with sake, but suddenly I remembered Sugiura and asked him.
"You know, but right before this, there is a villa called Sugiura, but you don't know what kind of house it is."
"Oh, Sugiura, I know Sugiura, isn't it a famous merchant, I'm sure it is."
"I don't know if that's the case, last night I went for a walk to the beach and saw a woman who seems to be a daughter there."
"Then, it's Sugiura, I'm sure it's a good woman, and if you like it, how about getting it?"
"But I just saw it."
"If you still see it, don't you like it?"
"Well, if you try dating and you like the temperament of the other party, you may not get it, but do you know?"
"I like it, let's go play together."
"Is my husband here?"
"Since Hosono's body is weak, I've been wearing a woman" Musume "for the past 12 years, so I've been here all the time."
The newspaper reporter understood the meaning of Yoshiro's words, so he went to Sugiura's villa by himself that night and told his husband about Yoshiro implicitly. The husband was very happy to come to Sagamiya himself the next day and told Yoshiro to come and visit him, so Yoshiro went to Sugiura's villa the next day.
In Sugiura, the woman "Musume" that she saw on the beach with her husband appeared, and became Yoshiro's opponent "Aite". Yoshiro and his husband played Go.
From that day, Yoshiro began to approach the Sugiura family. At the same time, I became friends with the woman "Musume". The name of the woman "Musume" was Kimiyo.
At the end of autumn, a marriage story was raised between Yoshiro and Kimiyo, and when the promise was made, Yoshiro became neuralgia, so the date was extended. Then, in December, when Yoshiro's illness healed, Kimiyo's mother became ill, and the marriage of the two became spring again.
Yoshiro returned to Tokyo once or twice during that time, but soon came to Atami and was at Sagamiya. Then, in March, it was the time when Atami's plum blossoms fell, and Kimiyo's mother's illness had healed, so I decided to have a wedding in the meantime. By the way, at that time, the government's oppression from the civilian party reached its peak, and it became impossible to exercise, so I had a wedding ceremony at Sugiura's villa, and Yoshiro decided to live there for the time being.
And set a deadline, and the deadline was approaching << later >> three days later. Yoshiro consulted with a servant from his residence in Tokyo from the morning about preparing for marriage, but he had a suspicious dream when he was on his pillow that night. He was climbing up the slope near the mansion in order to make a plan for his speech. And when I looked forward, the woman I had been looking for since last year was walking. So, I ran around thinking that I would never lose sight of it today, and on that day the woman stood back and forth as if she was waiting for a man to come. When Yoshiro approached, the woman smiled and
"Isn't Takaro" you "must marry me?"
I pulled out the red flower in my hair and held it in his hand. The flowers had a faint warmth as if they were holding the light of the sun.
The next day, Yoshiro said he would return to Tokyo. The servant was surprised and stopped, but went home without asking.
Then, Yoshiro, who returned to Koishikawa's residence, left the house saying that he would take a walk the next morning, but soon he became a corpse and was killed at the entrance to the slope. A passerby found it and informed him to the mansion, so the doctor came along with him, but the cause of death was unknown.

[# 6 indentation] [# middle heading] * [# Roman numeral 4, 1-13-24] [# middle heading end]

It has become known that Yoshiro's father died after the rumors of Yoshiro's death were transmitted.
"There will be some big haunting in this house tomorrow."
"What a curse"
"Oh, after all, the predecessor was just dead and dead."
"It looks like a house with a lot of ties, I wonder."
An old man came from a trip to a place where people in the vicinity were rumored like this. It was originally born in this area, and it flowed through the Keihin region and came back with a beggar-like wind.
"Then you know Kasai-san tomorrow," said a man who is a distant relative of an old man.
"I know Kasai-san, who is under the banner, but I went into the forest of the tomorrow's structure, Kama, and Uchi, and went into the pheasant and the rabbit. I took a rabbit. "
"That's just what I like, I have something to ask, but tomorrow's house has something strange since ancient times."
"Oh, hey, Kasai's husband was dying in an unreasonable way in the forest behind him."
"Hey, my husband's grandfather, then the third generation, he said he died strangely, this isn't just a matter of fact."
"Then, my husband's son and his grandson died strangely."
"Isn't there anything you can think of?"
"Yes, I can't think of anything else, but there's one suspicious thing. Now, I said that I took a pheasant and a rabbit in that forest, at that time. Then, one day, when I went into the forest, I dug up the soil and buried things in a place that wasn't there until yesterday. The blood was dripping, but a few years later, when my husband died, when I asked a person, it seemed like that, noko, that blood. I'm suspicious. "
The distantly related man looked like he had solved the mystery for the first time.
"Then, does the old man remember the blood?"
"I don't remember clearly because it's about Goissinzen, but I'm sure you'll have a direction."
When a distant relative goes to the side of Kasai's mansion with the old man, the old man is thinking about the direction and direction, and goes up the slope. Going,
"Around here"
I said. That was where Yoshiro was dead.



Bottom book: "Japan Kaidan Taizen Vol. 1 Female Kai no Yakata" Kokusho Kankokai
July 10, 1995 (Heisei 7) First edition first edition issued
Parent of the bottom book: "Complete Works of Japanese Kaidan, Volume 2" Kaizousha
1934 (Showa 9)
Input: Takashi Kawayama
Proofreading: Hiroshi Kadota
Created March 8, 2012
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
