Bright beach
Yuriko Miyamoto

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Beside <<

｜: Symbol of the boundary between kanji without ruby and kanji with ruby
(Example) Visit | I went to play.
-------------------------------------------------- -----

One

The rental room that Yoko found was out of Fukiko's house to the main street, and was only three towns away. It was one of the things that the old boatman rented a room near the villa guard, which is always a little famous place on any beach.
My sister Fukiko was injured that year and was living in Kamakura throughout the winter. One day in February, Yoko went to see her younger brother. Just leaving the stop, I felt that the air around here was different from that of Tokyo. A large stone torii gate, a row of pine trees, and a rubber ring of a car walked comfortably on a sandy road. The scenery of the town and the seaside, which is very typical of Kamakura, was reflected in Yoko's heart with a kind of unique bright stir-fry because there were few people in winter.
"Winter Kamakura is nice"
"Isn't it okay? It's a place I like when I'm there, somehow it's settled down."
Yoko seemed to be comfortable with a villa-like dwelling with few furniture, with a small sand dune overgrown with Komatsu in the garden. No matter how much you wipe it, the sand will come in and it will not be glossy. I came to want to live. The winter sun, which is filled with pine and resin, reminds me of life in Tokyo. Yoko had a bad marriage and was in a state of farewell.
"Oh, I wonder if I'll live here for the time being."
"Good thing, I'm going to relax"
"--I wonder if there is a place to rent a room in this neighborhood."
Fukiko was surprised,
"Oh, I'm serious, Yo-chan"
such as.
"It looks like it's going to be serious-is there? Such a house ... if you really look for it"
"Well, I'll lend you everywhere, but-if you come, don't do that, come home."
"I hope it's a couple of days"
"It's okay to stay for a long time, it's fine for me to stay for a long time!
"No, I haven't decided yet, whatever."
It was a funny story, and I returned at that time, but Yoko couldn't take it for granted and wrote a letter to Fukiko. An acquaintance of the rickshaw who went in and out chose the house.
Yoko, younger brother Chuichi, Fukiko, after only three days, went to Doyadoya preview. On the left side of the main street, there was a sushi shop with four glass sheets standing at the entrance. Suddenly four tatami mats from the dirt floor and six tatami mats separated by Karagami were the tatami mats to borrow protons.
"Still new"
"Hey, I built a new building last year, so I just lent it for one summer. I don't want to lend it to anyone like that ...
Around sixty gods wearing tube-sleeved matoi made such a greeting from outside the threshold of the four tatami mats. Yoko sits on a bay window facing south and looks at the room with a small voice.
"Professional Baachan"
Whispered. Fukiko laughed and stared at Yoko with a youthful buttock. Although it was my own house, I didn't step into the 6 tatami mats, and I didn't like the god who had a lot of words, but the tatami mat was built for that purpose from the beginning, so it was convenient to rent. There were plenty of cupboards, and the eastern side was quite wide, and it was designed so that it could be turned to the back.
Proton is the last,
"Will you pay for the meal?"
I was reminded.
"Well, I can't make something delicious, but let's do it."
"How much is geometry with money?"
God
"here we go"
Hesitated.
"Unfortunately, I'm not sure because my grandfather is now in the mansion, but I have to give him instructions one by one ..."
Chuichi
"It would be so"
such as.
"It's better to have another bribe, because there are times when I'm away."
"Goodbye"
"The tatami room is exactly what Gen-san said."
It was 2 yen per tatami mat.
"Well, that's what it's all about in the summer, but it's just now ..."
After leaving there, they walked around and went to the autumn leaves shop only for tea.
"Yo-chan has finally become a nuisance here."
Fukiko was in a somewhat upbeat tone.
"--Really"
The feeling of fun and sadness had been in Yoko's chest since I was looking at the tatami room earlier.
"I'm glad that the house looked good, but the rice is terrible, come home, right?"
Chuichi, who had a sword on a marble table and turned a metal fitting holding a brown paper with a menu written on it like a top,
"What's okay, if you don't prepare it, you'll only need a glass of water."
I stopped turning and pointed to one place.
"What"
Yoko started laughing when she looked into it.
"--You are not" you ""
"What what?"
Fukiko put her head in front of her cousin's chest and wanted to see the menu in Chuichi's hand. "sandwich"
Then she suddenly made a solemn look and
"Oh, it's delicious here."
Said with a straight face. They ate tea and sandwiches at a small shop there, watching the traffic.

Two

It was the day after it snowed that Yoko stood in Kamakura with all her luggage. The soft spring-like snow fills the back streets of the narrow villa, and the snow falls from the bamboo branches that touched the horo after the sword has passed. For the time being, Yoko bought a desk, a wicker chair, and a light bulb. As the four sides became dark, I returned to the rented room. On the four tatami mats of the upper edge, Hana, the nightwear package is rolled while arriving from the station. There was an old man of the Lord today.
"I thought it would be bad to get rid of it without permission-I'll take it with me."
The old man, who wore a striped kimono and was petite and had flesh like a woman on his face, brought a wooden box full of nightwear wrapping, books, food, etc. to the six tatami mats. When I saw the couple together, Yoko felt like laughing at a faint smile. From the dingy roundness to the curious things about the details, the places that seem to be intimidating, they look exactly like each other.
While being interested in the life of renting while being the first experience, Yoko adjusted the room comfortably. A desk, a chair, and a wooden box on the side of the sliding door on the right hand are laid with a cloth facing the glass window facing south, which is useful for a tea bowl. When I put a familiar cover on the lamp, the small room had a calmness that I couldn't think of as part of another person's house. Yoko looked at her in front of a new desk. There was a glass window at night in front. On that surface, the lamp and the Primula flower on the desk are small and clearly reflected. It was a very fresh feeling. The night air is finely forested, and the sound of waves is heard in the distance. Why does the sound of the waves sound like that in the darkness at night? If you listen carefully,
"Please excuse me"
The old lady opened the sliding door.
"There is nothing, but I'm ready, would you like to bring it up?"
Yoko was distracted, so suddenly she was vague.
"e?"
"Shall I have rice?"
"Oh, please."
The old lady brought something in return. I was pretty hungry, but Yoko didn't see her somehow bringing her food. Alone, he couldn't leave the room when he was eating, and he was asked to carry food that seemed to be poor-Yoko lost his composure, feeling strangely reduced in life.
"I'll put it here, so please go up."
"Yes, thank you"
Looking back after the old lady came out, a bowl, a rice bowl and incense were placed on a red-painted round tray, and they were placed directly on the tatami mat near the box brazier. Yoko stood up and put the tray on the wooden box. There is a 3 tatami booth beyond the 4 tatami mats at the top. It seems that dinner started at the place where the couple woke up. They also spoke in a slightly different and low-pitched voice tonight, with the sound of chopsticks in between.
Yoko cut a corned beef can, the can was hard and did not open easily, and while she was putting it on a wooden box or putting it down on a tatami mat, she was struggling for her own food. Yoko is sad and sad and tears are about to come out, the loneliness of the heart of a human who has lost her family is approaching from the night around, Yoko stops her hand and is about to go to Fukiko became. However, she controlled herself and opened her head. The supper of the female students who are boarding is all on this street, isn't it? Auntie from 3 tatami mats
"How about the soup, soup, let's return if you like."
I called out to him. Yoko barely poured the rice in the set.

Three

When I went to the garden, a parakeet was standing in front of a basket of parakeets hanging in the corner of the corridor. The purplish kimono was shining in my eyes, and it looked like flowers were floating on the hill where Komatsu grew, through the glass. Yoko kept her footsteps and suddenly appeared under her eyes and bowed.
"!"
Involuntarily stepping back and tapping the chest with a fist,
"Yo-chan"
It was a voice that I could finally hear.
"I wasn't surprised. Oh, I really wondered who I was!"
The cushions were lowered from the top of the chair and lined up on the porch.
"What?
"Last night I closed my mouth, when I had rice"
"Hey! I was talking with Mr. Okamoto. I'm sure Yo-chan is going around by now. It's a little nice, it's a punishment for not coming to us."
"Come from tonight, that old lady is pretty good at it. It seems she doesn't feel like doing anything in the event of an emergency."
Fukiko is
"Mr. Okamoto"
I called out in a loud voice.
"Okay"
"Because Yo-chan came, please make tea."
"Okay"
"Oh, right? That's why I sometimes get tired of it, so I often eat rice without speaking for a whole day."
Fukiko appealed while looking annoyed at the back room, which Okamoto, who is also a housekeeper and a housekeeper, is pulling in.
"Isn't it weak?"
"Come on ... I'm going to quarrel with my maid and let me go home."
Okamoto brought tea with her hair tied to her pale flat face. She is specially gloomy today, without moving her lips, in her mouth,
"Welcome"
Said.
"Eat with Mr. Okamoto"
"Oh, I'll have you over there."
Compared to Yoko's room, Fukiko's house was brighter as it was closer to the coast, and it was full of dazzling sunlight. Fukiko brought out a chair on the porch and began embroidering ribbons with her back illuminated by the sun. Yoko read the book she brought. The heat haze and the scent of the tide rose heavily from the warm sand.
Gradually, Yoko was spending more time at her rented house than at Fukiko. I stayed in the bath, and the next night, I returned to the desk where the translation was in progress. There was such a day. They live in the living room of Fukiko, who has chairs, but they didn't have a cohesive story. While Fukiko does a detailed handicraft in a green wicker chair,
"I don't grow flowers around here, I brought the soil from the mountain, but it's no good."
And so on.
"Oh, there's an art decoration there, right? It was taken from that."
Lift up a small cloth of white linen and show the design of the sewn thistle. ――When I was looking at the profile of my cousin who was enthusiastic about embroidery, I opened my lips a little because I was distracted by my hand with the book open on my lap. I felt like dandruff. Yoko, who is separated from her husband, Juno, and lives freely on the surface, is never really free to her heart. It became even more apparent beside his younger sister. A kind of innocent brilliance overflows from the contents of Fukiko, and even at the moment of doing anything, that moment is passed unconsciously with the fulfillment of young life. There was something similar to the deep beauty that the flower itself did not know about the flower that was just blooming innocently. Yoko didn't feel like telling Fukiko a word about the hardships of her life.

4

The living room of Fukiko was full because my sister Hyakuyo, Shimoetsu, Chuichi, and my cousin Atsushi and Yoko were also added. Centering around the round table, Fukiko is in the green chair in front of the chest of drawers in the back. He was enthusiastic about the classical music that Chuichi brought. Next, Hyakuyo sank deep into the chair in a kimono with a Moe Huang standing frame, and talked with Chuichi in a low voice. Chuichi is lying on the elbow of the same chair, putting his hand on the back of Hyakuyo. In front of it, Atsushi was in uniform with another activity photo magazine. Brightness of the seaside room at 2:00 pm-The sound of flipping a large page of a foreign magazine and the sound of a bullet unraveling were only occasionally heard.
Scratching crossed legs on the tatami mats of Yoko's feet, the fifth grader's mourning awakened and was playing with the broken clock from the previous time. The outside is gone, and only the ammunition and gears are stuck to the back of the letter, trying to move it. Yoko was captivated by her inner thoughts, looking down at the boyish fair-skinned cervical fossa and her patient fingertips. I got a letter from her parents' house that morning. He was told that Sumio would not accept Yoko's departure and that a woman seemed to be around him. It didn't matter to Yoko, who lost her love for Juno. However, the fact is that there is no affection, and if men and women living separately are married couples only by law, and if the law says something, her husband, Sumio Tamura, will have various control over himself. What a bizarre idea of being. Yoko felt more and more half-hearted, so to speak, as depressed as a kite caught on a branch.
――To melt into the tranquility and brightness
"UU?"
There was a soft, nose-filled voice of a hundred generations. After her cousin Chuichi, she turned one arm of a large Genroku tsumugi and wrote something on her back frequently.
"Because?"
I wonder what to write. Chuichi pushes his mouth open, um, um, and points. Atsushi suddenly shook his head from the activity magazine and looked at the two people doing so in a straightforward manner. They didn't seem to see the existence of Atsushi. Gradually shy and licking like a young man, he sticks out his tongue and bites into the original magazine. --A smile on one cheek drifted around Yoko's mouth. Immediately, the parakeet in the corridor was exposed with a loud scream.
"I wonder if there is no food"
Fukiko asked her sister.
"Mr. Hyakuyo, did you do it?"
Hyakuyo didn't reply because he couldn't hear it.
"Okay, I'll see you"
Atsushi went out to the corridor side by side.
"The cat passed"
While twisting the ammunition, I was in a hurry.
"What? What is it now?"
I left the machine and stood at Atsushi.
"What are you doing, this thread"
"It's not a thread"
"Thread"
"It's a horse's tail."
"Hmm, really? Where did you bring it from?"
"I pulled it out"
"--Lie! I'll kick you."
"The horse's legs don't bend sideways. I'm laughing and laughing because I want to tickle."
While standing from the chair with his chest turned upside down so that the wiper would stretch,
"Do you want everyone to drink tea?"
"Agree!"
Chuichi was sad and frowned,
"Anyway, it's a shrimp."
such as.
"Absolutely"
Atsushi shouted from the corridor in a loud voice.
"Shrimp is a fashionable mantis shrimp!"
"But I wonder if there was really shrimp."
In a small voice, Fukiko said as I remembered, so Yoko shook her body and started laughing.
They got up until after 2 o'clock last night and were making noise. After ten o'clock, Fukiko said
"Mr. Okamoto, Ohiru, what should I do, how about fried shrimp?"
The voice echoed to where they were.
"Fly, fly!"
The mourning shouted most honestly on behalf of all the hopes, and they arrived at the table with joy. However, with a strange face, Fukiko
"This-shrimp?"
I said.
"No, is there such a shrimp?"
"It's not shrimp"
"What is it?"
Okamoto calmly complained about his mouth, while making his eyebrows spicy a little meanly
"Since the shrimp has run out, I made it a mother-in-law."
I answered. --Tadaichi and Atsushi and Okamoto are not on good terms, and they are looking at the garden while she is in the room.
"Hey, I'm angry."
"I can't get sugar sugar"
And so on. As if Okamoto couldn't hear his unreserved mouth
"Chuichi-sama, let's have some tea."
With a polite voice and a gaze, I reach out. Yoko sometimes felt the contempt floating on her pale cheeks painfully. ......
When the rear view of Okamoto who brought the tea disappeared, the men all voiced,
"Wah ha"
Laughed. As expected this time
"Come on"
Fukiko was struck by a tight kiln. From the perspective of Okamoto, who has returned from his unfortunate marriage destination and is living in such a way, it may be annoying that both Fukiko and Yoko are too well-matched. Yoko felt that she could understand Okamoto's feelings of fighting with a carefree young man in a different world.
They all went to the beach. There is a figure of Oita in front of the Kaihin Hotel, but this one was empty from the river. The wide beach is shaking short due to the heat haze .... A black dog sniffed at the edge of the river. Atsushi whistled at the dog, lining up under the breakwater and basking in the sun. The dog listened and looked at me, but again hurriedly rubbed his nose against the sand and ran away to the rippling waves.
"Oh, this kind of bug!"
Yoko looked under the eyes of the crawling crawling. A small brown spider-like insect was trying to fill its body with four, of course, small legs, kicking up the sand. It kicks quickly, has good momentum, and even if the wiper brings it to the surface of the sand with the tip of the hair needle "pin", it wears the sand that you see. From the side, Chuichi also appeared, and when he thought he had been watching it for a while, he suddenly struck a whirlwind and rolled down the sandy slope.
"Wow"
Akira swung his hands and legs together and chased after that. While coming back as a slapstick
"It's very nice"
Chuichi went to Atsushi.
"Look at it, you can see the sea above."
"Dore"
Atsushi slowly pulled his hat down to the top of his ears, folded his arms, and rolled heavily. As soon as he thought he would lie down, he chased after him like a madman.
"Wow"
"Wow"
"Wow"
The waves struck fine sand and retreated to match the cheers, retreated, and roared. Yoko has become happy and uplifted to be invited by something. She went a little further away from the men and surely wrapped both legs around the hem of the kimono.
"Wow"
I closed my eyes and rolled to the hem of the dunes in a breath. It was a mind-boggling feeling. Far from seeing the ocean above, everyone can barely see how red the back of their eyelids is through the sun. But how scary, crazy feeling of rolling down without knowing where your body stops! Roll! Roll! My body!
"Now, this is a single line line. Is that okay? One, two, three!"
When the sand was thrown and rolled, a small sharp sadness pierced the proton's chest with youthful joy. Roll, roll, my body! To the world without a husband. To the place where there is no sadness!
"Wow!"
Like a dog, Yoko rolled down the spring dunes over and over again, lining up with mourning and colliding with Atsushi, raising small sorrowful fireworks.



Bottom book: "Miyamoto Yuriko Complete Works Volume 3" Shinnihon Shuppansha
First edition issued on March 20, 1979 (Showa 54)
Issued the 5th printing on March 20, 1986 (Showa 61)
Parent book: "Miyamoto Yuriko Complete Works Volume 3" Kawade Shobo
Published in February 1952 (Showa 27)
First appearance: "Weekly Asahi"
June 15, 1927 (Showa 2) issue
Input: Takuji Shibata
Proofreading: Susumu Yoneda
Created on September 25, 2002
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
