A story to write from that world
--From the roundtable discussion--
Unno Juza

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) A wonderful medium "Reibai" was found

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Exactly |

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) Gasatsu [# Emphasis mark on "Gasatsu"]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

There was a man who was a friend of mine, had a high personality, was respected academically, and was highly respected by his friends. It unfortunately lost my beloved Hosono.
One day, the friend came to me and said, "There was a" spiritual study group ", and I found a really wonderful medium" Reibai ". I have been studying until now. "Oh, but there is no more spirit medium." In fact, when I talk to my wife through the spirit medium, it seems that there are various things that match. For example, my wife bought a ring for her sister without telling her husband. Hooray. I said that with the other party. "I bought a ring for my sister without telling you, but I'm really sorry." This is really the best thing to do, so when I went home and asked Hosono's sister who died, it was exactly right. Among them, Hosono resonated with her husband's scientific interests and told various stories about the world. For example, if you go to that world, everyone will go into a place like God's shrine and work from morning till night, or wear a white kimono in the air. You can wear it and fly away, or in the field, when you say that the desk will come out, the desk will come out immediately. It's like the world of Makoto and Togibanashi, where if you want something like this, it will appear right in front of you. Then there is a guardian deity, Shugojin, who, like the leader of the Seinendan, takes care of many spirits that come later. At the time of his death, the world was very dark, but as he was practicing, his eyesight was restored. In other words, it gets brighter and brighter as the night comes to the daytime at dawn. After 100 years, the four sides will become bright just like noon. Hosono also practiced quite a bit, but it's still dazzling. If you talk about such things and ask the guardian deity, you can do almost anything. I told you that what I'm telling you now is that I'm telling you that I'm being forgiven by the guardian deity and that I'm relying on the guardian deity's patronage. My friends knew well that there was a world of the future, but it seemed that no scientists were working in that world of the future. The science that I am currently doing in this world is useless after all. The science that goes to the other world is the last one. After that, I was told to go with Hosono 60 times before and after, but I didn't go at last. My friend asks me "Familiar", and even though you have lost Hosono, how unfaithful Hosono is. He scolds me that if I don't call him and make him aware that he's dead, or if he doesn't do anything else, he won't be able to float.
Among them, my friend finally committed suicide. We went there immediately, but died at the top of the mountain where Gongendo in Katsuura, Chiba was located. It seems that there was a place where both Noh and Noh walked when they became acquainted with the dead Hosono, and it was not only him but also the couple who died. He killed and died only one child.
After that death, my friend's suicide note was left by me and another Yahari scientist's friend. The circumstances of his death are most clear in the suicide note, but he said, "Everyone stopped me, but I thought it was best to choose death as a scientist, so I die. I will work hard for science, study psychic science, and call on you, so why don't you come early? "
We were very stunned, and our most scientifically respected friend died scientifically believing in the spirit. This is because we are crazy, so no matter how much he explains, we probably don't know that the world is there. Anyway, there was a debate among our colleagues that we should look for him to see if he arrived. This time, the number of people increased considerably, and about ten comrades went to the psychic study group and called their friends.
A friend came out. However, a slightly suspicious friend came out. I've always heard from that friend, but Hosono, who comes out through the medium, is exactly the same as his own Hosono, because he's coughing, from inflection of voice, from speech, from laughter. Everything is just like Hosono, who died 100%. I told him that he sometimes held hands with the medium, but when I went there, a friend who was a little "slightly" [# "gasatsu" was an emphasis mark] came out. I talked a lot about it, but in the end, there were only very ordinary stories saying that I should be relieved because I arrived at the world safely, so I decided to talk a little more technically, and when I started, I started saying, "I'm a little crazy now. "Because it's bad," he was hit by a head (laughter).
I had one manuscript from that friend. It was a new poem "Shintaishi" that I sang on a snowy day, but I was asked to take care of it somewhere. I asked, "I keep your manuscript, but when should I put it out?" Then, "Well, that's about a week later, my 49th day will come, so I'd like you to put out one at that time." However, one week later, the 49th day is the middle of August. I wondered if I could or couldn't put out a new poem with flickering snow in the middle of August. First, the manuscript cannot be swallowed by that friend. It's strange that a man who wrote manuscripts every day during his lifetime suddenly didn't know what the manuscript was when he died. I was struggling without knowing it, so I realized it only after I sent out a rescue boat, saying, "The manuscript is the sentence you wrote when and when." Among them, my friend finally got into trouble and decided to pull in. "I still have a story, but in fact my wife is waiting to see you, so I'll replace it." Hosono came out. Immediately, it changed to Hosono's voice, and it's a very gentle voice. The spirit medium I'm doing is an old woman, so a woman will work better. It started with "Thank you for all your help during my lifetime" (laughter), and at the end I said "Is there anything I want to say?", But "I have one request, in fact, in Shinagawa Ward. My aunt lives there, but please tell her daughter, Chi-chan, to come here as soon as possible. " The next day, I happened to meet Chi-chan's mother, that is, the dead Hosono's aunt, in the neighborhood of Shinagawa Station. I wanted to come, and I was saying that I should come as soon as possible. " Then my aunt made a suspicious look and said, "That's funny. Chi-chan isn't the daughter of my house. She's the true sister of that child." Said. In other words, the dead Hosono thought of his sister as an aunt's child. That is also very wrong.
From that point of view, it turned out that this medium was a very bogus. What's more, I wondered why my friend, who we had a great deal of scientific trust in, couldn't find out that he was cheating on such a bogus medium 60 times before and after. I was struck by a big question. At the same time, because it is a bogus again, I had fun at first with the scientific problem that it would be interesting to have a future world, but when I looked through the medium, I realized that it was also a bogus. , I was lonely and suffering.
There, I visited and asked a doctor of medicine who was a friend of that friend, but I was able to easily solve the problem. "No, that guy was crazy from the beginning," (laughs). "Because the teacher is scientifically very credible, it's normal to say, and the friendship" Yugi "is so thick that it's innocent. It's strange as a person who never touched another woman after Hosono died. "" No, that's not true. A madman who can handle such a fine person. There is. "
There is a story that the bogus psychic study group was later made a great success. In other words, it is a story of controlling poison with poison.
It was just in the early summer of this time. There was a visitor from Kyushu to my place. "I really want one teacher to help me," I became a teacher, but "Actually, I suffered from the radio wave disease that the teacher wrote last time [#" I wrote "is mom]. There is no specification because I can hear the radio waves. I'm actually sitting in front of the teacher, but I can hear the radio waves coming to me. I'm doing it right now. That made me unemployed. As a result, the body is only thin and weak, and it is very disturbed by radio waves. I would like you to stop this radio wave with the help of your teacher. "
This is a kind of sick person, and at that time, such letters to the editor came to the office where I worked. Looking at the radio waves coming to me from here, three men are lined up in front of the microphone of the broadcasting station. Two have no beard, but one has a beard. There are two people with glasses and one with a beard, and they always give me an abusive miscellaneous word, "Barizogon." No matter how much I tell you to stop, I won't stop. Moreover, since there is no receiver and you can listen to this, it is awkward to deal with Makoto. I can't sleep well, so I'd like to ask you to stop.
By the way, when I saw the person who got in, I wasn't the only one because of my eyes. Unfortunately, my room is like a dead end, and there is no chance to escape. I thought about it a lot, but it wasn't long before my friend from the front died, so I came up with the idea of "Tossa" and decided to talk about that friend.
Then I dressed calmly and said, "I'm really sorry. Actually, there is such a radio wave. I call it a psychic wave, but I have to be a very sensitive person among human beings. I don't know this radio wave. Actually, I'm my most trusted friend, and I recently committed myself to study psychic waves. " The traffic is connected by a psychic wave, and for that reason there is something like a receiver called a spirit medium. After all, this asks the guardian god Shugojin who is doing the psychic wave's original tightening. There is no specification rather than stopping the radio waves, I will introduce you to the psychic study group, so it would be nice if you could go and see it. " At the same time as I was asked to go to the other party, I called the psychic study group and said, "Now, there will be people who have done this, so please ask me." Did it.
This is a form of escape from danger, but after about a year, the man came back to life and said, "I'm finally going back to my hometown. I'm also very busy, and I can hardly hear the radio waves anymore. Besides, I can't stay even if I pay one yen a day (laughter) to the psychic study group, so I'm hometown. I'm going back to "I'm going back to", and thanked me very much [# "Sekaseka" as an emphasis], but I think it's probably gone sane. After all, when I look at it that way, I think this was the power of the Yahari Spiritual Study Group.



Bottom book: "Unno Juza Complete Works, Separate Volume 2, Diary, Letters, Miscellaneous" Sanichi Shobo
January 31, 1993 (Heisei 5) 1st edition 1st printing issued
First appearance: "Shinseinen"
July 1935 (Showa 10) issue
* The first appearance is a round-table discussion of the manuscripts of Udaru Oshita, Shiro Hamao, Saburo Koga, Ranpo Edogawa, Masayuki Jō, Takataro Kigi, Mushitaro Oguri, and Juza Unno. From there, Umino's writings are extracted, and the original text, which is "a story to write from the world," is accompanied by the "remarks" of other "attendees," but includes those whose copyright has not expired. I didn't put it in this file because it is.
Input: Tetsuro Tanaka
Proofreading: Takashi Tsuchiya
Created January 7, 2005
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
