The deliciousness of washing
Rosanjin Kitaoji

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) To 夙 "Tsuto"

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) [# Raise one character from the ground] (Showa 13)
-------------------------------------------------- -----

Delicious fish, after all, Kansai fish with a few exceptions. Depending on the fish, Kishu, Shikoku, and Kyushu are of course in line with the Seto Inland Sea. From around Ise Bay, heading westward and entering the Seto Inland Sea, it is equal to the world that it has a different taste to the extent that everyone has no choice but to make a point. I admit that Kanto fish cannot help but bow in front of Kansai fish without a word and a half. However, the exceptional gems can't be helped again, and the ones in the sea near Tokyo that will continue until around July and August, and the ones in Kansai before the washing of the stars are very widespread. It's not a thing. I rarely try to call it Tenkaippin, but I have no choice but to shout that it is Tenkaippin.
The morning cage on the banks of the fish river in Tsukiji, Tokyo, has a magnificent appearance, such as Yokozuna Tamanishiki, showing a calm and calm atmosphere on the bottom of the water. The size of the deliciousness is about 400 momme. If you make it a little thicker than the usual black sea bream wash and immediately carry it on your tongue, you can be proud of it as the first beauty dish in the world after cutting it in the middle of summer. This flatfish has grown quite large, and it's not uncommon for it to be more than consistent, but it doesn't matter in terms of taste.
Originally, washing is not necessary unless it is a living fish. However, not only the fish market in Kyoto but also the market in Osaka does not have a cage facility like that in Tokyo. Even if there is, it is incomplete. Therefore, there is a lack of things in making washing, and washing is not without the view of Tokyo's undisputed place. However, there are some things that don't matter in Tokyo, such as those made by washing that black sea bream thinly like paper, and I'm not completely proud of it. Washing of the sea bream is well worth the pride. In addition, the washing of three or four hundred red sea bream is considerable, but it is not as good as the stars, Suzuki, and here. There are some special ones such as stingrays, catfish, and octopus, but first of all, you should add them to the kind of bad delicacies. The prawns are much more delicious in Koitofuna, and the prawns are in good condition in spiny lobster and prawns.
Finally, I would like to introduce you to the best of all. It includes washing about 100 chars and washing sweetfish around July when it is mature. It's not easy in the city, but once you get a place, it shouldn't be a difficult task. Washing chars is the only way to face the valley deeply. I often try it in the Kurobe Gorge, the inner part of Kutani, and the Goriya in Kanazawa, but it is praiseworthy because it has a flavor comparable to that of a star and has a special flavor.
Another special thing is the washing of king crab in Hokuriku and the washing of shako in Tokyo. Not only is this prized, but it can also be said to be the king of simple gastronomy. There are catfish in various parts of Japan. This also has a deliciousness comparable to that of Ga-Rei.
[# Raise one character from the ground] (Showa 13)



Bottom book: "Rosanjin Mido" Chuko Bunko, Chuokoron-sha
First edition issued on April 10, 1980 (Showa 55)
Published June 18, 1995 (Heisei 7) revised edition
Issued 14 revised editions on May 15, 2008
Input: Hiroshi Kadota
Proofreading: Sensui Ebisu
Created on August 20, 2012
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
