A love novel
――Or “love is supreme” ――
Ryunosuke Akutagawa

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Fertilizer

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Modern | Skepticism "Kaigi"

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Numbers are JIS X 0213 area area number, or original page and number of lines)
(Example) * [# "Kei + Page", Level 3 1-94-5]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

Visiting room of a women's magazine.
Syuhitu: A gentleman with a lot of fertilizer, about four and ten.
Yasuyoshi Horikawa << Horikawa Yasukichi >> Around thirty, which looks thin even though it is thin because the chief editor is fat, it cannot be described in a bite. However, it is only true that hesitates to call him a gentleman.
Syuhitu: Could you write a novel in one of our magazines this time? Apparently, readers are becoming more sophisticated these days, and I'm not satisfied with traditional romance novels, so ... I would like you to write a serious romance novel rooted in a deeper humanity. It is.
Hokichi: I'll write it. Actually, there is a novel that I want to write in a women's magazine these days.
Syuhitu: Is that so? It is fine. If you write it, I will advertise it in the newspaper. I'll somehow advertise something like "Aien's extreme romance novel, which can be written by Mr. Horikawa."
Hokichi: "Sorrowless"? However, my novel says, "Love is supreme."
Syuhitu is the praise of love, Sanbi. It's finally fine. Since the "modern romance theory" by Dr. Kuriyagawa and Hakase, the hearts of young men and women have generally been inclined to romance supremacy. ...... Of course, it's a modern romance, isn't it?
Hokichi: Well, that's a question. Modern | skepticism, modern thieves, modern | gray hair dyeing, etc.-There will certainly be such things. However, I think that only love hasn't changed much since Izanagi Izanami's old days.
Syuhitu: It's only theoretical. For example, a love triangle is an example of modern romance. At least in the current situation in Japan.
Hokichi: Oh, is it a love triangle? It also has a love triangle in my novel. ...... Shall we talk about the muscles?
Syuhitu: It would be convenient if you could do so.
Hokichi, the heroine, is a young wife. He is the wife of a diplomat. Of course, you live in the mansion of the mountain in Tokyo. The slender, gentle, always-haired heroine of the back-what kind of hair does the reader want?
Syuhitu editor, Mimi Kaku.
Hokichi Let's hide your ears. I always have my hair tied in my ears, white in color, and I have a habit of having a little lips with clear eyes, and I have a habit of lips. It is the government office of "Yakudokoro". My husband's diplomat is also a new era law bachelor, so it's not hard to understand the tragedy of the new school. He was a Beesball player when he was a student, and he is a dark-skinned good boy who sees novels as well. The two newlyweds happily live in the Yamanote mansion. Sometimes I go to a concert together. Sometimes I take a walk on Ginza-dori. ………
Syuhitu, of course | Before the earthquake, right?
Hokichi: Yes, long before the earthquake. ...... Sometimes I go to a concert together. Sometimes I take a walk on Ginza-dori. Alternatively, there are times when only the silent smiles of "Mugon" are exchanged under the lamps of the Western world. The heroine names this Western-style room "our nest." Reproductions of Renoal and Cezanne also hang on the wall. The piano also has a black torso. Potted palms also have hanging leaves. ――It's a little nifty, but the rent is unexpectedly cheap.
Syuhitu: I don't think you need such an explanation. At least in the text of the novel.
Hokichi: No, I need it. The monthly salary of young diplomats is known to be high.
Syuhitu: Make it the son of the Kazoku family, Musuko. If it's a Kazoku, it's a count or a viscount. It seems that the dukes and marquis do not appear in the novel very much.
Hokichi: It can be the count's son. Anyway, I like it as long as it is between the West. It will be the first time between the West, Ginza Street, and the concert. …… But Taeko is the name of the heroine, Joshujinko. ――Since I became acquainted with the musician Tatsuo, I gradually feel anxiety. Tatsuo loves Taeko, right? That's right, the heroine is instinctively aware. Not only that, this anxiety only grows day by day.
What kind of man is Syuhitu Tatsuo?
Tatsuo Hokichi is a music genius. It's a genius that makes Jean Christoph, written by Looran, and Daniel Nootohaft, written by Wassermann, all together. But I'm still poor or not allowed by anyone to do something. This is going to be modeled on my friend's musician. However, my friend is a beautiful man, but Tatsuo is not a beautiful man. The face is a barbarian born in Tohoku, which looks like a gorilla at first glance. However, only the eyes have a genius-like inspiration. His eyes are filled with constant heat, like a lump of charcoal fire. ――You have that kind of eye.
Syuhitu editor genius will surely receive it.
Hokichi However, Taeko is not a diplomat's husband's lack of information. No, I love my husband more enthusiastically than before. My husband also believes in Taeko. It goes without saying. For that reason, Taeko's suffering is even more intense.
Syuhitu, that is, my modernity is that kind of romance.
Tatsuo Hokichi will definitely come out to the West if he turns on the lamp every day. If I had a husband, I wouldn't have any trouble yet, but I'm sure he would show up when Taeko was away alone. When Taeko is forced to do so, she only plays the piano. However, even when he has a husband, Tatsuo usually does not sit in front of the piano.
Syuhitu: Will you fall in love in the meantime?
Hokichi: No, it's not easy to fall into. However, one February night, Tatsuo suddenly begins to play Shubert's "Song for Sylvia". It's a song with a basket of passion like that flowing flame. Taeko listens under the leaves of a large palm. Eventually, she begins to feel her love for Tatsuo. At the same time, I begin to feel the temptation of the golden "Konjiki" that has emerged in front of me. Five minutes later-no, Taeko might have thrown her body into Tatsuo's arm, Kana, in another minute. Fortunately, the master returns to the end of the song.
Syuhitu, then?
Hokichi: About a week later, Taeko finally decided to commit suicide because she couldn't bear the pain. However, I don't have the courage to do it because I am just pregnant. There, he completely confesses to his husband that he is loved by Tatsuo. However, I wouldn't confess that she loves Tatsuo so as not to bother her husband.
Syuhitu, then will it be a duel?
Hokichi: No, my husband coldly abandons the visit when Tatsuo comes. Tatsuo is silently staring at the piano, biting his lips and lips. Taeko stands outside the door and keeps crying. ――After that, before hitting "Futatsu" in February, the husband who suddenly received an official order will be assigned to the consulate of Hankou "Hankao" in China. It is.
Is Syuhitu Taeko going with you?
Hokichi: Of course, we go together. However, Taeko writes a letter to Tatsuo before she stands. "I sympathize with your heart, but I can't do anything about it. Let's give up on each other's destiny."-That's what it means. Since then, Taeko hasn't seen Tatsuo until today.
Syuhitu editor is the only novel.
Hokichi: No, there is a little more left. Taeko sometimes remembers Tatsuo after going to Hankou. Not only that, you come to think that you actually loved Tatsuo more than your husband. Do you like it? Surrounding Taeko is the scenery of the lonely Hankou "Hankou". Choi of that Tang "To" * [# "Kage + Page", Level 3 1-94-5] In the poem of "Saikou", "History of Harukawa" It is a landscape that has been sung as "Hanyang Poetry" and "Omusu". Taeko finally writes a letter to Tatsuo again-after a year or so. "I loved you. I still love you. Please feel sorry for me, who was deceiving myself." I will write the letter. Tatsuo who received the letter ...
Syuhitu: I'm sure I'll go to China right away.
Hokichi: You can't do that. After all, Tatsuo is playing the piano in the activity photo studio in Asakusa to eat.
Syuhitu: That's a little murderous scenery.
Hokichi: There is no way to do it even in the murderous landscape. Tatsuo opens Taeko's letter to the table at the cafe at the end of the field. The sky outside the window is raining. Tatsuo is staring at the letter as if he was absent-minded. I feel like I can see Taeko's Western-style room between the lines. I feel like I can see "our nest" with an electric lamp on the lid of the piano. ......
Syuhitu: I think it's a little lacking, but it's a masterpiece in recent years. Please write it.
Hokichi: Actually, there are a few more.
Syuhitu: Oh, isn't it over yet?
Hokichi: Yes, Tatsuo starts laughing. When I think about it, I start yelling, "Now," and so on.
Syuhitu is crazy, isn't it?
Hokichi: What, I boiled the karma to the ridiculousness. It should boil the karma. Originally, Tatsuo never loved Taeko and others. ......
Syuhitu, but that's it. ......
Tatsuo Hokichi just went to Taeko's house to play the piano. So to speak, I just loved the piano. After all, poor Tatsuo shouldn't have the money to buy a piano.
Syuhitu, Mr. Horikawa.
Hokichi However, when I was playing the piano in the activity photo studio, I was still happy with Tatsuo. Tatsuo has been a police officer since the recent earthquake. When there was a constitutional movement, "Gokenundo", it was sacked for the good citizens of Tokyo. However, while patrolling the Yamanote, if you rarely hear the piano sound, you are dreaming of ephemeral happiness while standing outside the house.
Syuhitu: Then, the novel of "Special" is ...
Hokichi: Well, please ask. During that time, Taeko still thinks of Tatsuo, who has changed into the residence of Hankou. No, it's not just Hankou. Every time my diplomat's husband is transferred, I am thinking of Tatsuo as usual, moving my temporary residence to Shanghai, Beijing, Pekin, and Tianjin. Of course, by the time of the earthquake, there were a lot of children. Well, because it was the one that gave birth to twins, Toshigo, who was an old child, he has four children. In addition, my husband has become a heavy drinker before I knew it. Even so, Taeko, who was fertile like a pig, thinks that Tatsuo was the only one who really loved her. Love is actually supreme. Otherwise you can't be as happy as Taeko. At the very least, you can't live without hating the muddy life. ――How about a novel like this?
Syuhitu Horikawa. Are you the one | serious?
Hokichi: Yes, of course, it's serious. See the romance novels of the world. Isn't the heroine "Joshujinkou" Cleopatra unless she's Maria? However, the heroine of life is not necessarily a virgin, and at the same time, she is not necessarily a woman. If there are men and women who really like the novel, even one of them, among the readers who like it, see. However, it is a different problem if you fulfill your love affair, but on the day you have a broken heart, you must make a ridiculous self-sacrifice. If you don't, you will have a more enormous and enormous revenge spirit. What's more, the parties themselves do it like a heroic act. But my romance novels don't tend to spread such negative effects at all. In addition, the ending is a praise for the happiness of the heroine.
Syuhitu editor, "Jodan". …… Anyway, it can't be published in our magazine.
Hokichi Is that so? Then I will put it somewhere else. There must be about one women's magazine in the wider world that can accept my point.
The proof that Hokichi's prediction was correct is that it was listed here in this dialogue.
[# Raise one character from the ground] (March 1918)



Bottom book: "Complete Works of Ryunosuke Akutagawa 5" Chikuma Bunko, Chikuma Shobo
Issued the first print on February 24, 1987 (Showa 62)
Issued the 6th edition on April 10, 1995 (Heisei 7)
Parent of the bottom book: "Complete Works of Chikuma Shuban Ryunosuke Akutagawa Complete Works" Chikuma Shobo
March 1971 (Showa 46) to November 1971 (Showa 46)
Input: j.utiyama
Calibration: Kaori Kato
Published January 8, 1999
Revised March 10, 2004
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
