New tide
Yuriko Miyamoto

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Apatrapya

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) Tomorrow's fluttering [# "emphasis mark"] does not get stuck.
-------------------------------------------------- -----

One

The US presidential election was struck in the middle of the World Square, attracting the attention of all over the world. Was it so advertised that the Republican candidate Dewey would be elected in every country like Japan? The promotion in Japan was terrible. The day before the opening day of November 3rd, a representative Japanese newspaper wrote that Mr. Dewey was surely elected, the Republican Party was preparing for the celebration as soon as possible, and it was as if he had seen the previous economy around Marunouchi.
However, the result of the ballot counting was disappointing. Democratic President Harry S. Truman was reelected. The re-election of President Truman seems to have been a big upset for some people around the world. Each newspaper wrote about its upset, using the words of the greatest description. But those articles gave us a humorous and somewhat annoying feeling to read calmly. While writing that Truman's reelection was a miraculous surprise, the newspaper said that Truman was undemocratic from the beginning of his difficult campaign. He said he was fully convinced that the American citizens must cooperate with him. So long ago, if Truman's conviction as a politician was clear, even if it was subjective, why would a Japanese newspaper, which should be a Japanese public institution, not choose articles fairly? It would have been necessary to advertise the Dewey election to us as if it were the default supreme fact.
As a champion of such a tragic and humorous phenomenon, a women's magazine advertised the December issue with a special article called "Duey and his wife's meeting" in the newspaper the day after Truman's election was announced. The word miraculous was also used here. It was an article taken by a correspondent in this magazine when he met Mr. and Mrs. Dewey, who are hard to meet even Americans.
I wonder if tens of thousands of female readers of a certain magazine will not be moved by any kind of feelings about the editor's unpredictableness. Maybe all Japanese women have forgotten that it was a bloody magazine that was imprinted page by page to kill the American demons during the war. I can't think of it so easily. At the time when a certain magazine was at the forefront of military use, I read the magazine under the lonely night light after sending good people, sons and brothers to the battlefield, and at least it gave me an opportunity to believe in the victory of the Japanese army. Hundreds of thousands of Japanese women trying to find it may not have been in favor of the military aggression plan, nor because they were praising a magazine's militarism. At that time, hundreds of thousands of women were hoping that the good men, fathers, and lovers who had left their homes would come back alive. I didn't think that there was a possibility of being alive in the midst of the defeat, so I connected at least the heart of a certain magazine to the bravery of a certain magazine. For a while after August 15th, when it turned out that almost all of the announcements made by the main headquarters were lies, a certain magazine was silent. The cooperation with the lie was too obvious for the reader to change the story immediately.
Repeating all this in connection with Truman's reelection may seem like a nasty controversy. However, when we ponder the fate of our future as Japanese women, we will understand that these controversies do not start from the wickedness of women. All the men and women of Japan who want to avoid the abacus of the abacus coming down from heaven so that there will never be a terrible war in this world are Germany, France and all other countries. Like the people of the world, the powerful people who move the world act wisely and cautiously from the standpoint of humanity, leaving their abacus accounts for a while, and act in good faith to ensure world peace. I want it.

Two

At the same time that the results of the US presidential election were announced and Truman was elected, the final stage court of the Far East Military Tribunal was resumed in Ichigaya, Tokyo. When Truman was elected as a policy insisting on cooperation between powerful nations for peace, the abolition of the Taft-Hartley law, which is a US civil service bill, price reduction, elimination of racial discrimination, etc., all the people in Japan Twenty-five co-conspirators of the war of aggression, who destroyed their lives, were sentenced. The twenty-five names, including Araki, arranged in ABC order remind us of the passing days when we Japanese men and women had to be treated as cheaper war materials than horses. It was. The commander of that day was reminded that he was a guilty commander of human peace, from the stakes of their actions over the decades that were read as their guilty count.
The crime of invasive conspiracy committed against humanity was judged. But that's not enough. It is the life of hundreds of thousands of people whose way of life has been destroyed by the war they have caused and whose way of life has been lost. There is a fate for those who have lost their limbs. There is a life of an orphan and a widow. The human seriousness of the devastation of war is that no matter how the aggressor is punished, it will hurt the lives of the people. Hideki Tojo's family doesn't get stuck in tomorrow's fluttering [# "tatsuki" is an emphasis mark] when a person punishes the crime for the horrifying act of killing a person's life. The suffering of more than 300,000 widows and more than 100,000 wounded and disabled people and the lives of orphans are not with them. Especially in Japan, the lives of those people will be protected by forces that are invisible to us. One of the signs has already appeared. The words that writer Tatsuzo Ishikawa told a newspaper reporter the day after the decision on 25 co-conspirators of the war of aggression was made had the following meaning. It is wrong to think that it is good for Tojo and others. All Japanese are responsible. I have no choice but to look forward to the future.
Certainly, the people did not make a gentle sacrifice that they thought was good. However, I'm not sure that everyone in Japan is as bad as they are. That is not the case. The people were hunted like slaves by a conspiracy, but they didn't even have the freedom to participate in the conspiracy. Furthermore, what is the content of the words that Tatsuzo Ishikawa expects in the future? Writer Tatsuzo Ishikawa was a writer who professed that if Japan made a mistake again when the literary writer's responsibility for war cooperation was pursued, he would also make a mistake. In the heart of a person named Tatsuzo Ishikawa, what kind of connection is there between that word and this word? When one writer who once went that way thinks about war in the future, the way he thinks and feels about war is that Japan still has its hidden bottom like an iceberg in the sea. It is a proof that it is made to exist greatly. Tatsuzo Ishikawa's expression is nothing more than an inspiration for the small icebergs of Japan. Behind the scenes, it is clear that there are not a few people who are looking at the rift of world peace and the rift of peace and democratization of the Japanese people.
Twenty-five war of aggression conspirators wrote in the newspaper that they wrote their feelings. Phrases such as "Like a public tomorrow's moon", "I don't love my life and regret it", and "I'm good at it, I'm disappointed" aren't timely. It is a phrase that is uncertain and unrelenting. Hideki Tojo's Basho Mojiri's haiku, "Arason and the cherry blossoms that scatter without sound," suggests his unchanging heroic gesture. None of the twenty-five kinds of phrases have given a beautiful, realistic blessing to the future of Japan from the heart for its peace and peace. Do we have any feelings about this? When you are in a position like these people, you may think that it is a traditional Japanese style to write such feelings. From that point of view, the following facts will be understood naturally. Today, in the ideological and self-righteous, so to speak, divine subjectivity that appears in the Shikishi phrase, these people apologize for the reality of the world, hunt for war, and live the lives of all Japanese people. The fact that it has ruined the world is even more obvious.
Commutation movements are allowed for the outcome of the judgment against the war of aggression conspirators. Yesterday, NHK has no rules to put the Metropolitan Police Department officials on the microphone to control the commutation movement, and the ideas behind the commutation movement cannot be taken from the standpoint of freedom of speech. The commutation movement seems to be spreading nationwide, but he made me talk about the meaning that the people's calm judgment is inevitable. This is, in some ways, a non-regulatory notice to those who are trying to apply the commutation movement to a fascist demonstration. The ideas behind it are the May 15 Incident, the February 26 Incident, and the super-nationalism, militarism, and other Far East military trials that have promoted the military dictatorship that can carry out the war of aggression by violence. It is the idea of fascism that the court convicted as the idea of joint conspiracy. Or it may be nationalist thought as the subject of aggression.
Our surprise is deep and big when such thoughts convicted by international trials cannot be taken away because of freedom of speech. What kind of strike wasn't taken by the police because they wanted to get rid of it? The sight of thousands of armed police officers and beetles carrying machine guns appearing in the struggle of a movie factory called Toho, who only does cultural work, was captured in the film. Does freedom of speech give 100 percent effectiveness to democratic remarks? If, in the name of the commutation movement, Japan's wrong nationalist ideas re-emerge and allow the provocation of war to expand, we people's concessions are overwhelming. If Shigeru Yoshida, a diplomat in the cabinet of Giichi Tanaka, who embarked on the invasion of Manchuria, tried to use this commutation movement as an equilibrium against domestic democracy, it would be a sin against one international democracy. I think it is.

Three

Along with these issues, the topic of the US presidential election came up again. One of the reasons why the Republican Dewey was so certain to be elected was that the US polls announced Dewey's dominance in every survey. The failure of the semi-governmental Dr. Gallup's US polls has been a great lesson for polling methods around the world. The majority of Gallup polls were girls, and it was up to them to send the survey. Eizo Koyama wrote in the Tokyo Shimbun that the opinions of the people who supported the Democratic Party may not have been reflected because they avoided workers and lower class people.
Because it was a girl who worked at Gallup's polling office, the sending of questionnaires was not limited. It is because they did not clearly understand the significance of their existence and the essence of life as women who work and live in a capitalist society. Their workplace and personal atmosphere feel no opposition to the Taft Hartley bill, they are indifferent to the Income Tax Act, which benefits only two percent of the American population, and their sentiment is non-American. It was the result of not asking questions as a democratic citizen for the first time in the committee's activities.
This is because Truman was elected in this election by defeating Gallup's authority and confusing the world's largest capital newspapers, including Japan, in the American democratic society worn by honest male and female citizens of the United States. This was because he criticized the Republican Party's overwhelming policy at the 80th Parliament based on life training and concrete judgments based on the facts of life as a working citizen. Wallace's Progressive Party, which ran as a third party, should abolish the Taft Hartley Act and non-American Commission activities for the well-being of democratic America and the democratization of the world's people by its candid platform. Yes, the Iron Curtain is meltable and should be melted, and it makes sense to anyone that the basic industry, which is too provocative for war to pursue profits, should be nationally owned. It was because it showed. Part of Wallace's policy includes promoting peace with Japan and Germany, insisting that China should withdraw, and establishing the right of independence of colonial residents.
All democratic people in the United States favorably welcomed Wallace's platform, which was shown in good faith to brighten the world beyond the political struggle. The Democratic Party, which is fundamentally similar to the Republican Party, had to approach the Progressive Party's claim to represent the views of the democratic people without fail in order to win Truman. The Democratic Party, which includes a deputy in favor of the Taft-Hartley Act and has left the non-American Commission's overkill activities, voted for trade union members with the abolition of the Taft-Hartley Act first. The historical significance of this election lies in the fact that we had to collect the votes of progressive men and women. Truman's winning is neither a fluke nor a miracle. Truman was more sensible than Dewey in that he had to understand the demands of the American people and make a decision to meet them if he wanted to win. In other words, it can be said that sensible Americans have given a democratic direction to American democratic politics by clearly stating their demands. The NHK broadcast said that 70 members of the House of Representatives who agreed with the Taft-Hartley Act were defeated, and about eight members of the Senate were defeated for the same reason.
The population ratio in the United States is less than 460,000 women. Women make up 28% of the working population and are active in more than 500 occupational fields. Even among housewives at home, there are many people who work in various women's groups and clubs. The number of women belonging to the World Democratic Women's Federation, the Anti-Fascist Alliance, the Human Rights Alliance, and others is not small. What these women urgently demanded was peace, democratic and affluent stability of life. The fact was expressed by elections and the policy was moved in that direction. And he monitors Truman's promises not to end in election gestures. The customary two-party system was smashed in the United States. Democratic people have Wallace's party to concentrate their votes in some circumstances.
We will learn from these facts. First of all, it is strange that Japanese Prime Minister Yoshida is trying to pass Japan's Taft-Hartley Act at the reopening of the Diet without giving a speech on general policy. You will be convinced that the civil servant bill is a good bill to pass without showing or considering the policy of politics in general. The reality of being unable to support political parties with uncertain policies was also shown in the US presidential election. Having power now is not a condition that determines the future.
Our vote has been a stumbling block in our lives since we were quiet. Our vote even seems to have served only to open the lid of the fairy tale greedy grandfather's back. No way, apparently, the Socialist Party, the Democratic Party, the Democratic Liberal Party, and the Democratic Liberal Party, who voted for this, Showa Denko, if the lid pops up like this, the democratization of Japan in the case of corruption in Japan I wore it. Last night, the story of Zen Teishin women who visited the Diet with a bouquet was broadcast. The legislators who were in favor of the civil servant bill would not be elected next time, so they would put the flower of the eye on the button on the chest of the legislator who was not in favor of it. It is interesting and happy that buttonhole flowers have begun to show the will of the working people in Japan as well. [# With ground] [January 1949]



Bottom book: "Miyamoto Yuriko Complete Works Vol. 16" Shinnihon Shuppansha
First edition issued on June 20, 1980 (Showa 55)
Issued the 4th edition on March 20, 1986 (Showa 61)
Parent of the bottom book: "Miyamoto Yuriko Complete Works Vol. 12" Kawade Shobo
Issued in January 1952 (Showa 27)
First appearance: "Female remodeling"
January 1949 (Showa 24) issue
* The bottom book is a large scale of "ga" (ward number 5-86) used for counting things and place names.
Input: Takuji Shibata
Proofreading: Iwayohiko
Created September 14, 2003
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
