New personality emotions
Ango Sakaguchi

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Social sentiment << Santiman Soshiyaru >>

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) [# With ground] "Sakura" Showa 8.5
-------------------------------------------------- -----

Recently, I read in the New Year issue of NRF that Ilya Ehrenburg sent a kind of report called "Adolescent Rossiya". URS is also celebrating its 15th anniversary. There, students get paid as a reward for learning, and it seems that the salary can be used to support their aging parents. Isn't the young Russian youths who have grown up in such a different way from us, in their personality, in their psychology, as if they are beginning to grow up? Ehrenburg submits a questionnaire with young students and their letters, diaries, etc. in this report in order to find out new personalities and feelings from Russia. I read with interest.
Unfortunately, the content of the report disappointed me. Their personality and psychology are still ours. Even though he insists on psychological changes as a vacant concept, he has not yet learned. Many students said that jealousy and affection would not disappear or change under any institutional change.
However, in Russia, the 15th year of birth, it is not possible to determine a rapid change. The power of the environment always changes people. Eventually the people of Russia will change. However, the degree is a problem.
A student who emphasizes the complete change of human beings, which is extremely radical, states. Humans have social emotions "Santiman Social" and animal emotions "Santiman Piologic", but in the Soviet, animal emotions will gradually disappear, and all human beings will act by social emotions. ..
Social feelings probably mean reason. And animal emotions are super-rational emotions such as jealousy and affection.
I refrain from denying it carelessly, but it is hard to agree with it casually. Isn't it the same thing to judge a person by talent instead of judging by beauty and ugliness? When the standard changed from ugly to talent, it was fifty steps and one hundred steps. It is hard to find the reason why animal emotions disappear from there. At the same time, it is hard to tell whether the disappearance of animal emotions will enrich life. But I'm motivated to put myself on the bench, start a tester out of me, and think about this. After all, there is no solution in literature. However, I think that every writer must continue to raise his own tester.

For the time being, it seems possible to have one case where I can now imagine the disappearance of animal emotions. That is when "death" is completely removed from humans. And at that time, humans may die forever and new rational creatures may be born.
I must not think that all the bizarre monsters that give unsolvable mysteries and transcendence to our lives are distantly emitting their mysterious sources to "death." What must die soon-this seemingly no problem in a lively life, in fact, exudes infinite complexity and unexpected facial expressions into even the most evolved aspects of culture and roots. It must seem like it is. The perfect system must not seem to be difficult to solve human beings in order of death.
For me now, death seems to be the musician who creates the greatest mechanism in our lives.
[# With ground] "Sakura" Showa 8.5



Bottom book: "Yasugo Sakaguchi Selection Vol. 10 Essay 1" Kodansha
First print issued on August 12, 1982 (Showa 57)
First appearance: "Sakura"
May 1933 issue
Input: Takada Agricultural High School Production Engineering Department Distribution Economy Course
Proofreading: Shigeo Kobayashi
Created July 4, 2006
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
