Awamori story
Koseki Sato

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Partition bond matoi "Banten"

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) White | Spasm << pockmark >>

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) [# 2 indentation] 1 [# "1" is a middle heading]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

[# 2 indentation] 1 [# "1" is the middle heading]

I lost my job at the beginning of the Showa era, when the world was in the worst recession. When I lost my job, I had some time to spare, but while I was eating for food, I ran out of money.
Having many families and not having a job is a heartbreaking feeling. I gave up on Tokyo. Then, it flowed to a small city in the Tohoku region. So I started delivering local newspapers. However, purchasing 150 or 200 small newspapers and delivering them would not be enough to support a family of seven. I sold clothes, watches, books, and finally started collecting newspapers. That's it for newspaper delivery.
The family was put together again and flowed to the next city about 50 ri away from there. However, living in the city can cost a lot of living, so I went to a rural village just a ri away from it and rented a small house to live in. I went out to the city every day to look for a job.
After all, the recession policy of the Hamaguchi Cabinet was in the world after it was fully effective, so the industry fell into a slump and I wandered around the city for days and days, but companies and shops seeking people I couldn't find anything like that. I'm afraid that my family will be hungry, and I'm dying to breathe. The appearance of me walking along the streets of a cold city may have been like a mourner's dog.
However, one day as I was walking around in search of a job, I found a piece of paper with the words "I want a cleaning worker" on the door pocket of the back row house. I was thrilled to visit the dirt floor of the Nagaya.
In the dirt floor, there stood a fifty-looking relative of the partition bond 《Banten》 whose face, nostrils, and hands were all black. As I entered, the relative glared at me silently, with brown eyes shining from his black face.
"Is this the one who is looking for a cleaning laborer?"
I asked.
"Oh, that's right."
It is a reply from an unfriendly relative.
"What kind of work does a cleaning laborer do?"
"Chimney sweeps, ditch cleaning-by the way, who wants to be a cleaner?"
After saying this, my relatives looked down at me from the head to the tip of my feet with brown eyes.
"Is me"
"What are you, I can't work for a white person like you. You have to be a stronger, knotty person."
At that time, I wore the Meisen Kasuri, which was set aside at the end, and put on the piece clogs.
"I can do as much as cleaning the ditch and chimney sweep."
"No, I can't do it for a human with such thin fingers."
"But let me do it, I'll definitely do it."
"How about-hey, can you handle that tool?"
However, my relatives pointed to the corner of the dirt floor. In the corner of the dirt floor, a large black round brush that was tied to the tip of the split bamboo and was contaminated with soot, a hoe used to clean the ditch, a pickaxe, and a long bamboo spatula were scattered.
"I have Jika-tabi, ties, and momohiki. Even with such a thin arm, I was doing hard work until these days."
When I was delivering the newspaper, I remembered that the stamped matoi I got from the newspaper company was put in the package. Both Jika-tabi and Momohiki were a part of newspaper delivery.
"It's not a beautiful job, and the labor cost is terribly cheap. If you know that, you can do it or not, you should come tomorrow."

[# 2 indentation] 2 [# "2" is the middle heading]

I thought the cleaner's relatives were the god of salvation. But I only talked about finding a job in my wife, not what the job was.
Early the next day, I wore a tie matoi, momohiki, and jikatabi, and went out with the old ski cap I used when I went fishing for goldfish on my head.
"If you look unexpectedly, you might be able to do this."
The relatives grinned for the first time.
"Come on, tell me anything, I'll do any job."
And I came out big.
This relative was the oldest of all the cleaners in the city and had a lot of customers coming and going. I had two seniors. One was a forty-looking lean man with a cunning physiognomy. One is a good person who seems to be thirty-two or three years old or a strong skeleton. Relatives walked with them every day, cleaning the chimneys and ditches at the destination. From today, a newcomer named me was slaughtered there.
Cleaning one chimney with a diameter of 4 inches in the kitchen or in the bathroom, the labor cost is 5 sen. A five-inch chimney is six sen, and a seven-inch is ten sen. There is a big chimney in the bathhouse and the silk mill, but it is not in the hands of the cleaner because it is cleaned by a kettle. However, Mizo was a cleaner's job because he hated the pot-fired laborer to get his hands on it.
Ditch cleaning is more dirty and laborious than chimney sweeps, so wages are higher. However, no matter how expensive it is, it is rare that one job costs more than one yen. Most of the time, the groove cleaning costs a few sen.
Chimney sweeps and simple groove cleaning are supposed to be done alone, but when it comes to large groove cleaning, all mobilization is done.
By the way, despite the above wages, my relatives hit me from this wage, and the difficult construction work was split, so when I worked from early dawn to evening, I paid 1 yen a day. I explained to me that it is extremely difficult to earn income, as my two seniors and relatives take turns.
"Still, are you motivated?"
The older senior asked me.
"It's better than playing and having a hard time."
I answered, but no matter how much the recession policy of the Hamaguchi Cabinet was, I thought it was a pity to clean one chimney and pay five coins.

[# 2 indentation] 3 [# "3" is the middle heading]

From that day on, I went to work apprenticeship after the two seniors. However, it's not a big deal because it's a chimney sweep or a ditch cleaning.
The older senior had the nickname Abatatsu. This is because a pale white ｜ pockmark is floating on the face. The younger one is called Sakhalin. This is because he earned earthwork from Sakhalin.
After five or six days, I had become a full-fledged cleaner. One day, there was an application for cleaning the ditch from a public bathhouse in the middle of the Hanayanagi world. This is a difficult construction, so I went out with Abatatsu, Sakhalin, and myself.
The Yujiri of this bathhouse is pouring into the cut along the road through a clay pipe with a diameter of one shaku, but something stagnates on the way and the hot water overflows. So we first poke it from the bottom of the clay pipe with a long split bamboo. However, the things that stagnated in the middle of the long clay pipe are doing their best stubbornly, and it is unlikely that they will penetrate with a bamboo spatula. In the end, the policy was to dig up all the clay pipes and thoroughly clean them.
The long clay pipe was divided into three wards, and three people took charge of each ward, and began digging hard. I had finished digging the equity by about noon, so when I was sitting on the stone on the roadside of the main street and taking a break, Abatatsu and Sakhalin ran to me with a smile. It was. Abatatsu is holding something in his right hand.
"Hey new rice, something like this came out of the clay pipe."
Abatatsu opened his big palm. I looked into the palm. All the gold teeth are shining on the palm. Abatatsu and Sakhalin called me a newcomer, a newcomer.
This total tooth insert seems to have been made by a very luxurious person, and pure gold is used abundantly. In all, three or four momme may have been used. At that time, pure gold was about 3.50 yen, so no matter how cheap it was estimated, this total tooth insert would be worth more than 10 yen.
"Maybe it's a retreat of a landlord somewhere, maybe I dropped it in Yujiri and gave up."
I said.
"If you take it to an old gold shop, you'll have a drink tonight, but hey newcomer, how should I dispose of this?"
Sakhalin asks me this way. I thought for a while.
"You should stop taking it to the old money store. This is a product that you have to deliver to the police box."
This is how I expressed my opinion. Then, both Abatatsu and Sakhalin had a bitter face.
"Then, it shouldn't be a cup. I'll take it in a police box."
"Of course, if the lost person does not appear even after a year, it will be handed over to me, but in the meantime it will be left to the police."
"That's boring"
"It's not Hanasaka Jiisan, but this one was given to me by Tendou-sama. Let's swallow it with three people."
The two actively insist on swallowing.
"It's like drinking mountains, but you can't do that. You know the heavens. The rest is scary."
"What does it mean to be scared afterwards?"
"It's called embezzlement of found items, so if you find out that you've swallowed it, I'll move back."
"That's why"
"Dangerous, dangerous, the safest way to go to the police box"
Finally, I followed my opinion on both Abatatsu and Sakhalin.
"If you decide to do so, let's run to the police box together."
Abatatsu looked after Sakhalin after saying this. Abatatsu, holding the golden teeth of his big palm again, began to sprint toward the west. Sakhalin followed afterwards.
――I'm glad I didn't agree to swallow ――
I thought.
Then I waited for an hour, but after waiting for two hours, they didn't come back. I cleaned the clay pipe I dug, then cleaned the two more, and buried the clay pipe as before. Then, I called the head of the bathhouse and let the water flow. The cleaning was done well. It was already evening.
However, the two did not come back. I wonder what happened.
After receiving a labor fee of about 3 yen from the bathhouse, I loaded various cleaning tools in the rear car and returned to my relative's house. However, the two have not returned to their relatives' homes.

[# 2 indentation] 4 [# "4" is the middle heading]

I told my relatives the whole story.
"Well, I had a hard time. They're really gorgeous, but they're both guys. It was hard."
The relatives muttered in a low voice.
When I handed over the labor fee I received from the bathhouse, my relatives gave me the remaining 2 yen minus the amount of money. If three people worked for one day, it would be only seven or eighty sen per person, but I got three people alone.
I walked toward my house on the twilight road. After all, it is rare in recent years that I have pocketed about two yen. I really appreciate it. Thanks to you, you can buy rice with this money. Let's taste miso soup after a long time. Shall we behave one by one with salted sardines to our children? I walked on the outskirts of the city where the cold wind blew, with the happy faces of my wife and children on the bottom of my eyes.
There was Awamoriya on the outskirts of the city. I could see that the shoji had a cup of ten sen. I would have looked at the letters of ten sen with a grudge on the way back and forth to my relative's house. I firmly grasped the money of about two yen in my pocket and stood in the traffic, and my head was fluttering.
――It's been a few months, one or two cups will be forgiven by the god of heaven――
I opened the shoji screen of Awamoriya with all my might. Only three cups were slurped in a row. The heat of sake spills over to the five viscera and six sides. The refreshing sensation of the throat squeaking and the esophagus flowing through the esophagus can be reminiscent of this. The suffering and worries of the past, and the threat of poverty, were wiped out without a trace with these two or three small sake cups.
――Hakuun flew away, there was Aoyama――
Ah, honeydew. However, another cup will not have a big impact on the money of about 2 yen. After that, I ate a plate of Ganmodoki oden, which is not a big burden either. Another cup, another cup.
When I shook my eyes, I woke up to the cold and looked back, and I was sleeping between the wheat ridges in the rice fields on my way home. It's early dawn. Pink clouds are shelving in the eastern sky.
 --Oops--
However, it's too late.
The money in the mouth was swallowed up. I knew that the rice bowl was empty when I left home yesterday morning. But remembering that now, what is it useful for?
I was sighing for a long time despite my lack of willpower. The palm was firmly grasping the soil of the ridge. I stopped going home. From there, I went to my relatives. When asked, the two haven't returned yet. I loaded a chimney sweep brush, a broom, a dustpan, a soot bag, a groove cleaning hoe, a pickaxe, and split bamboo in a rear car and wandered around the city.
I walked around until it was too hot, but I swallowed Awamori too much last night, and my body hurts. I have a severe headache. Besides, I didn't eat last night, morning, flutter, or a grain of rice, so my eyes were dazzled and I couldn't work at all. That day was almost non-income.
I came back to my house after dark as a premature ejaculation.

[# 2 indentation] 5 [# "5" is the middle heading]

When I entered the house, my wife was absent. Four children were sitting in the middle of a small, fireless tatami room, curled up in the cold and snuggling up.
When asked about her mother, the daughter of the general manager, who was twelve years old, said that she had something to do in the evening and went to the town with her baby on her back. The answer is. When I asked for dinner,
"not yet"
The nine-year-old boy replied. I was dark. After removing the jikatabi, I cut into the seats of the four children and sat silently. About two hours later, my wife returned in a lonely appearance after the first night. Still with a cheerful voice, from the dirt floor,
"Wait for everyone"
I went to the children.
My wife was waiting for me to return, both yesterday evening and today evening, suppressing the voices of children who wanted things with a demon-like heart. But at last I couldn't wait.
My wife went out to the city after twilight approached. When I came to my wife, I asked the pawn shop to wrap the old round belt of Shichichin in a furoshiki, which my late mother gave me to think that this was me. Then, he wrapped a box of rice in the furoshiki and put a pair of clogs in his right hand, which was worn down like a rice cracker, in his left hand, and pulled a lame and came back.
"Sorry for being late"
My wife went to me.
"What is it in your left hand?"
I asked with a rough voice.
"It's a broken geta"
"Embarrassing, give me something like that-why don't you throw it away?"
"No, this can't be abandoned."
"why"
"This will be the burning under the sword."
I heard this and kept silent. A few years ago, when the war was severe and everyone was suffering from a shortage of fuel, old clogs and siding were burned under the siding, but in the early Showa period when there was a surplus of things, cracked clogs. I think there must have been no households that used the siding for burning.
Then, my wife took the baby down from her back and let her daughter hold her, and then stood on her own.
The warm supper was cooked. I ate it with my child, crying in my heart.

[# 2 indentation] 6 [# "6" is the middle heading]

That night and a half, I was awakened by a voice called telegrams.
Hahakitokusugukoi.
 It is written. It was a telegram from my sister who lives with her old mother in her hometown. From here, there will be 150 ri to your hometown.
Astonishingly, to me, holding a telegram in my hand and wandering around the bedside of a sleeping child
"Is your mother still in critical condition?"
My wife says.
"Now I don't know, but maybe I'm dead."
I felt a little calm and I sat down.
"You were a really kind mother."
"it was"
"By the way, what about your travel expenses?"
"here we go"
"Do you have some money to save in case of emergency?"
"Absent"
I was blamed for the lack of worthiness in my past life, and at one point I dented my chest and sank onto a dirty tatami mat. The next morning I wrote a sympathy and apology to my mother and sister.
From the next day, I went to the cleaning shop in the city again to earn money with a jealousy.
On the day I made it for five or six days, when I worked all day and went home after dark, I received a letter from a close friend in Tokyo. I read it while sitting on the stile, before I could get rid of my jikatabi.
Omitted, it is known to Yukeiga of Gokenkatsu. It is a sign that I would like to cheer from afar, saying that it is not enough to worry about the situation that I am in trouble now.
By the way, I have been searching for your address since recently, and all the signs have been revealed. Actually, I was the founder of this business, and I felt the need for your technology, experience, and personality, and asked a hundred people about your location. The prospectus of the project will be sent in a separate package. After a discussion, we will urgently request the situation with the willingness to cooperate with the students. If you are afraid that you will be notified by telegram of whether or not you can go to Tokyo immediately, it will be a great dedication.
The destination is only for urgent business. [# Raise one letter from the ground] Best regards
My wife, who was reading this letter from behind me, burst into tears with a loud voice. This was the first time my wife had been crying aloud 15 years after she came to my wife.



Bottom book: "After" Tanukijiru "" Tsurijin Novels, Tsurijinsha
First print issued on August 20, 1993 (Heisei 5)
Input: Hiroshi Kadota
Proofreading: Masatoshi Matsunaga
Created December 2, 2006
Revised October 3, 2011
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
