Barber Tower
Iwasaburo Okino

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) I, I,
-------------------------------------------------- -----

There was no telephone or telegraph yet, and it was a story for 56,000 years.
There was a man who found a wide open space. It's so good that I built a house in the middle of it. Then, before I knew it, hundreds of thousands of people came to us, and in the 56th year, they became a very big town.
However, the people who have been gathering here, men and women, are all honest, and they work well every day.
"Hey, be honest. It's ridiculous, lazy, and you can't do it. Because the lady will look at you," he said. So none of the people in this town lied, and it worked well, well, and well.
In the spring of one year, two men came to this town. And these two went to the town office and did something like this.
"I, I, are the smartest men in the world. We are committed to making cement and cement. The people of this town are lie. It's terrifying, honest, and well-working, but ours, stuffed, bricked, cemented, heavenly, tall, tall, from there How about pulling out the cement, which is in the heavens, and is in the heavens? Even if you do something wrong, there is no lie that you will be scolded by the servant. "
The mayor who heard this immediately told the townspeople about this, and everyone was very happy.
"It's a good man. Then, let's get the tower to be built. And, let's pull out the human from heaven and feel at ease. Isn't it living? "
The mayor and everyone else wanted to be lazy, so all the townspeople gathered and started to build the tall tower.
It was the one that made the brick, the one that made the cement, the one that made the cement, the one that built the tower, the day, the day, the day, the day, the day, the day, the day, the day, the day, the day, the day, the day, the day, the day, the day.
In that way, the townspeople climbed the tower up to thirteen years ago.
"It's okay for hundreds of years, so pick it up high until you reach heaven."
However, at that time, there were no telephones, no telephones, and no telephones, so every single one, from one to one hundred and fifty, everybody's work, obenta, and so on. You have to do it. Carpenters and plasterers go from one to 150 in the morning, so when they reach the top, they are already hungry. This is because the work does not go well, so when everyone wants to do what they need from top to bottom, every five times, they ask for a job and go down and down. did.
Kantoku-san was hungry when he was hungry, so he wanted to eat sushi, too.
"Oh, let's have sushi alone," he said. However, an eighty-year-old man did it,
"Hey, one mallet."
At 60, he said, "When is the soil one?"
Forty years old, he said, "Let's have one milk."
At twenty, he said, "Dustpan, one."
At ten, I wondered what was wrong with him, saying, "I'm sorry for the tsutsuso."
After a while, Kantoku-san made his tummy fluffy and sushi to the place where he was waiting, and the only thing he brought was a kimono with a sleeve.
Kantoku-san was completely enthusiastic, erected,
"Idiot. Sushi, Bentauda." But it's also going down, down and down,
The eighty-year-old man said, "Hundred faces."
The 60-year-old man said, "Fukuji Yusau."
The forty man is "Furoshiki."
The 20-year-old man said, "It's crazy."
The ten-year-old man hurriedly said, "I'm sorry."
The one man said, "Hi, Saushiki."
Now, the town Jiyuu is in a big rush, and Kantoku-san is saying that it is a sea urchin, so the mayor went up to 150 years old on the morning of the third day. At that time, Kantoku was really hungry and hungry.
With such a rush, the townspeople finally stopped building a tall tower to bring out the Otenta-sama, and tried to work again. Before I knew it, the townspeople had become sick and sick, and soon they had become the original sword.
The tower, Namahe, was supposed to be attached to the tower, which is said to be attached.



Bottom book: "Japanese Children's Literature Series Vol. 1" Holp Shuppan
First print issued on November 30, 1978 (Showa 53)
Parent of the bottom book: "Elementary school fairy tale third grader" Kinnohoshi
October 1936 (Showa 11)
Input: tatsuki
Proofreading: Keizo Tanaka
Created February 21, 2007
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
