Selling color duck south barbarian
Izumi Kyoka

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) It was a scarlet noodle.

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Stop |

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Numbers are JIS X 0213 area area number, or original page and number of lines)
(Example) * [# "Eyes + 爭", 3rd level 1-88-85]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

One

At first, I noticed-I can't say it-but anyway, it was a scarlet noodle. Even though it was burning, it was a long undershirt with vermilion and some blurring. The woman wasn't breaking the skirt. I raised the 褄 at the highest and pinched it between my knees, and the crimson hung down and entwined my white leg neck, but apparently it was soaked and eerie. It seems that it was pulled up in that way. Dyed on bare feet, the crimson "red" seems to be reflected, but the thick mauve clogs "komageta" and the mud-covered ones are weakly aligned with the inner ring, and one crotch "again" He was sitting in a twisted figure in a corner of the rainy waiting area where it was raining.
Because it was around Hinaga, it wasn't necessary to live yet, but it was past 5 o'clock. The place was that high waiting area at the Manseibashi stop of the hospital line train.
The willow is slightly moe, and the flowers are plump and quince, yesterday and today, green, crimson, haze purple, and spring's rain. The darker and stronger the color, the more the scenery, the people, and even the small boat on the Kanda River are all black, wrapped in the rain lye like Samidare or something. It's not called red plum or scarlet peach, but the appearance of the red willow "Beniboke", which is like a dripping blood on the side, blooms while getting wet, but the face "Omotenashi" is just as remarkable. ......
Seeing this remarkableness, the main character of the story was Mr. Sokichi Hata, who works in the internal medicine department of a university hospital, knows academics and skills to the world, and recently returned to Japan after studying abroad. ..
There is a dwelling in Takanawa, Shiba, for a simple person who can't master the width of the hem, so use this hospital line to get off at Ochanomizu to go to the hospital every day. From that point on, it was customary to walk to the location of the university, but when it continued to descend for five or seven days, every road was like a muddy sea, so a worker "Tsutomenin" The back and forth of the road, Yuki, is brown, black, and has a wide suit, and the shoes are completely exaggerated, but there is a body in which the fox is a clay boat.
Mr. Hata probably did not leak out-although the whitest and most nasal part belongs to the rabbit section-I was worried about walking, and today I got off the train on Hongo-dori at Manseibashi. Then, next to the statue, I went down a large brick and climbed a high stone staircase. ...... In this case, the Kobu line pierces the central part of Tokyo and goes to Shinagawa in a breath just by walking a little.
However, it's just a setup, it's time, and it's raining ... It's more crowded than I thought that there would be a lot of comings and goings, and it's just a stop. I haven't finished the post station. Kawadome or Kuroyama, a crowd of people who spring up like a fire and rub against each other. On the right side waiting for Nakano and on the left side of Shinagawa, we will build a double-triple fence and cover it up to the top of the railroad track.
When the train arrived immediately, I couldn't get on at once anyway.
Sokichi gave up, cut off the drops of the Western umbrella, and while lightly sandwiching it beside the black cloak, he swiftly handled the thin leather gloves on his wrist. For some reason, it looks like a greenhouse with a glass enclosure, and it's a waiting room with rainy air and human scent. When I carved the tip of my shoes, which was steadily-after all, muddy-into my skirt, I suddenly saw the remarkable place.
Certainly, there was still a large box brazier on the central platform ... Then, from the flame of the crepe that struck with a grouper, I suddenly turned my eyes to the side. Then, when I tried to go out to the platform sideways, I found a red one on the pillar of the doorway.

Two

It is not possible to be afraid. What, with a red cap in Kuroyama, with his arms folded, he was leaning backwards, but Sokichi appeared with a brown beard. With a bare white profile, when you gently bend it,
"Power outage on the uphill ... Failure on the downhill."
If you look at the person's face, the reply was almost mechanically said as if it was something like this. Then, he pierced the cervical depression with the leaning pillar, and was afraid.
"Hey! There is a power outage on the uphill."
"Descent is a breakdown."
As Hibikino responded, he spoke to the 45 populations.
"Oh, oh,"
"I don't like it."
"Well done."
"I'm in trouble," said a female student who had no reams, squeezing her boar and muttering.
However, it seems that I have never known any of them for the first time, and I understand that the red cap says mechanically.
Under the turmoil of the crowd, the cold railroad tracks sank dimly on the legs, and I waited for the goby to be caught now. While screaming, he calms down and sneers, showing his habit of shining on the bank of his teeth.
Even if I understand the words of the red cap in good faith, the university professor who wears a cloak and clothes wearing a bowler hat and a bowler hat is a close-knit professor. You shouldn't push it to the professor and flutter at that time.
Sokichi-I don't want to smoke, but-I'm trying to pull him to the side of the brazier, and while I'm returning my shoes, I look at the toes and get wet. In the soil of "Wet", the red "Kurenai" cigarettes flow again.
It seems that the scarlet carp "Higoi" jumped.
There was another woman who stood up on her stool at that time, with her shoulders aligned with her gaze. Sokichi said, when he saw the tall, long-faced, sharp-faced face of Marumage, wearing Oshima's haori, which was just lined up with the scarlet scarlet. I was surprised.
I thought again.
That's because I've been busy these days, but my acquaintance Chikazuki is also acquainted, and it looks just like my cousin's cousin who was lined up at the wedding table. so. People who are familiar with the world are so similar that they immediately say "Oh." I wasn't surprised that they were similar, and I wasn't surprised that they met unexpectedly. I think that person is the one who will soon meet Chikajika and take it off and look at the rainy sky from the window. I was surprised at it.
No, it must be someone else at all.
However, from the appearance of the female cuckoo, the appearance of the female cuckoo, the slightly disturbed part of the hairline, the fair-skinned female cuckoo, and the credit of Asagi. Hosono looks great, but this woman is also mysteriously credited with Asagi. From the sexy part of the bottle ... It looks like it's a little upside down. Others have a habit of wrinkling his eyebrows from his nose to his mouth. Until then, the appearance of wabi-sabi in the rain as he was lying on the train waiting for the train was obvious in the wrinkles on his nose.
Of course, while convinced by another person, I grabbed the greeting "Hello" that I might inadvertently say with my lips, and when I realized it, my legs approached a little and I put my hand on the hat. When I turned my back on the badness of the extreme, I found that the clouds were low, Shimotani, the entire roof of Kanda, and the rain and haze were all over the muddy lips. You can see the forest of Kanda Myojin.
And, the scarlet woman was staring at the same person.

Three

The ridged face of the nose leaned sideways, and I thought that white powder would come on my chest.
Sokichi discovered the image of a similar person in the woman again until she was shocked.
The scarlet crepe woman is tied to a comb roll, and wears a black crepe crested haori on her shoulders. I put it in my collar and hold the Moegiiro opera bag in my lap so that I can press the crepe that I pulled up. When I think about the age of more than thirty years ago, I have a poor handbag that seems to be a toy that is a souvenir for children. The kimono, the iris, the bare feet, the combs, the crests, somehow go to the squishy place, the dark makeup that seems to be fair, the wetness and the crimson until the mouth looks big. With a thin neck, a long white throat, a long, stretched-up look in the forest of Myojin, with big eyes squinting * [# "Eyes" ＋ 爭 ”, 3rd level 1-88-85] The face of“ Miha ”seems to have inherited the live doll“ Iki Ningyo ”only in the neck. It's amazing. However, what is beautiful, gentle, and sharp is the eyebrows that are unparalleled.
The eyebrows are exactly the same as Sokichi's idea of an unforgettable woman. However, this resemblance is by no means as well-qualified as the other Marutaka, who resembled his cousin Hosono. Or it may be that it was so similar that it was drawn in, and the impression that was carved in the heart dwelled in the scarlet scarlet.
Okay, even with just one eyebrow, Sokichi Hata's chest shined brilliantly and brilliantly, as if she had swallowed a crescent moon in her dream.
――The woman who said Osen is actually the parent of the life of Sokichi in the seventeenth year. -
Moreover, the place was in the precincts of Kanda Myojin's spring night, which I hoped for in front of him.
"Oh ... with another breath, with a razor, ..."
And now, even if I look at it, my hair is fluttering. The rain clouds around the forest seem to be a scary face with a gruesome rat-colored bear, and the ridges of the houses bite the tiled fangs and pile their teeth. On top of that, there are two places, three places, a red brick eave, and a zinc roof stripped "Hippegashi" in the high sky. The red gums are peeled off, and the mouth of a demon who screams at a person is put on a roof. ...... The forest, its establishment "Kodachi" ... To the eyes that look like the smoke of vermicelli, it would be a light purple eyebrow brush "Mayubake" lined up vertically. When I think about the time when I was about to die, it was also the "beard" of the mugwort that grew on the opposite "Sakashima".
The eyebrows of a scarlet scarlet woman floating in the sky like a geese 《Karigane》! Sokichi glanced at the same place as the ecstasy, staring at the same place without blinking with his eyes set.
Ah that woman?
With a rippling wave and a roaring chest, this stop turned the 舳 Miyoshi toward the Myojin Forest, like the deck of a large ship.
It's just close to picking it up.
"It's mysteriously low, that's Myojinzaka."
At the house at the end of the dew road on the right side. ......
――The morning of the day when he was about to die―― Sokichi had a friend of the culvert of Toshiue shave his face. ...... That night, in the precincts of Myojin, it was the razor that imitated the Awaya throat.
(Let's add a little order.)
Sokichi left the country with no guns without any financial resources, and at that time, he was taken care of by a group of unreserved and unscrupulous people of the day, and barely rained. It surpassed "Uro".
These people are mainly lazy and prodigal, so even in the midst of the failure of medical students who were abandoned by the world, seniors are also suitable, and they also have a wife. Seriously. Some of them were politicians, some were businessmen, some were charlatan, and some were serious about becoming police officers.
Therefore, Sokichi was staying overnight at one of the same Nagaya on one side of Myojinzaka, where a couple called Matsuda, a medical student who did not eat or eat, was there.
At the end of the tree, there was a willow tree and a rented room of someone with a nice view of Miharashi, where the dew seemed to drip. I think that is the thousand.

Four

Thousand was a woman who sneaked into the world and was ridiculous. Like the pictured Kajizo, who was taken care of by Sokichi, who heard that he would become a big businessman, Kumazawa, who should be said to be the chief of the culverts, etc. The fact that the big man, "Otoko," had dropped the register in that area was ostensibly "Omote-muki," because he was convinced, and he was encircled in a row and surrounded by a secret.
Needless to say, it's a merchant, but it's a geisha or a prostitute-I don't know now-after all, Sokichi has three or four, a beautiful older sister who thinks more. It was a thousand-san.
Until the night before-it was raining like "I'm home", but it was raining like a flower, and on Sunday morning in front of the equinoctial week, Sokichi was in front of breakfast. Hanmae >> …… But before long, it was ten o'clock. …… I hope that readers who have no experience with this will also read it. However, there was no meal that morning at any time.
At the house, the night before, once in the evening, the tendon was ordered, and at around 1am, the soba noodles were delivered, smelling the buns and pillows. I know that I entered, so there will be something if I go to the line ... I still want to eat when the weather is fine. Embracing the hunger, I opened the lattice door of the back row house with fewer grooves, and from under the willow of the house at the end, I was sloppy and quiet. There were people.
It was the owner of this Nagaya, Aruji, who wore a dingy Honbakihachi Haori with a wide shoulder. When I looked sideways at Sokichi, who had once pulled into the doorway, he put out his little finger and
"what up."
Said in a whisper.
"I'm still sleeping."
There was no tension to get up, and Hosono's naked body was still wrapped in Kashiwamochi, and when he said that, the master put out his tongue a little and went silent. 》
Next is a beautiful priest with a freshly shaved head. The white color of the thin face "Hosoomote" is on the "Koromota" under the mouse's robe, and the five crests of black crepe "Itsutsumon", --Ochisan no Da, Shake "Furi" Red "Aka" -I wore a haori coat. Last night, when I entered this dew road, I entwined a purple ring of wagesa like a cloud, and offered a bead of crystals. -
From behind, with a fist, I imitated the round head in front of me with a slap, and Sokichi was fluent, with a grinning hair. A black-colored, hollow-eyed, big-mouthed man with a plate-like baldness in the middle of the Kaminoke, a politician until recently. However, because he was a man and aspired to be commercial, he took off his crest "Montsuki" and put on a cotton haori "Yukimijika" and a thin leg of "Momohiki". I'm wearing it on "I don't lose weight". ...... Heishiro on a small plate.
In each case, I went to Tokiwayu in Myojinzaka all night long with a flower karuta card.
When Sokichi entered the house, he was suddenly forced to clean up the ruins instead of eating.
"I'm sorry, I have to work for the students."
Tochi-san pulled out the skirt of his heavy garment, Kasane, with a glossy kick-out of Datemaki, and troweled the black velvet. He said that while holding a skirt and swaying in front of the brazier.
"What, I'm the little boy at the moment."
And, a horizontal fertilizer called "Amaya" in Gangu, a short spine with a big bump, long hair, a horn band around the drum belly, and Sanada in the apron. This is also a medical failure student who tied Nada properly. He said with a laugh that he was preparing to become a big businessman.
While the two of them stood in the next room, Sokichi, who used this concubine's concubine as a concubine with a sloppy middle-aged woman. However, when I swept it clean, I sometimes made my lower abdomen cry, sometimes shallowly.
"Thank you for your hard work."
And, in good condition,
"Come on, you". "
And, Gangu kidnapped the troupe and went back to the original place. ...... A man with a light waist that does not resemble a body. ...... However, until just ten days ago, Gangu used to wear a futon nightwear in the same Nagaya as Sokichi, and he tended to go out to the business movement. Kumazawa's husband will take over to the guardian and guardian of the hornworm's house, so even if it's a hornworm, the hornworm is the master. This is natural.
Fix the futon of the pair to the inside of a small long fire bowl,
"Well, you."
And I was retired,
"I'm sorry ... to this." Both his mouth and mind are light, but he rushes like a stone mill dragging a stone mill. ――Oh, no wonder, there is beriberi. Even if I witness at night, I can't go to the morning bath.
"I don't think it's okay."
And, with a sly eye, a standing figure of a comb-wound with a hem of Tomozome pulled like a peek from the fusuma sliding door.

Five

The cherry blossoms are early, and the shadow of the flower that is reflected on the shoji while it is a branch is slightly accompanied by the Kaori of Nichinan, and the thousand has arrived at the original seat. ..
On the other side, my husband, Kumazawa, had a big gold chain on the upper and lower Oshima islands, so I think he would form a cross-legged cross-legged with Dokari.
"Are you away?"
Sokichi somehow told Gangu. I couldn't see it here, and I wasn't there even when I went to the hot water. I asked him about Kumazawa.
In one corner on the porch
In the toilet, the coughing sound of "Ehen!"
"Kumazawa is here."
"Oh dear."
"It's a lot, cheeks."
The concubine of the landlord, "Ienushi," went through the next room to the kitchen and laughed at the street. Smile >>
"I'm too sultry."
"That's the poison of the lady."
And Gangu slammed the apron with a pompon,
"Ochi-san fell to the general's Asukon place."
"Oh, it's pretty ... terrible, isn't it, Mr. Gangu, I'm sorry."
Sokichi, who doesn't know anything, must have noticed this mistake immediately and was dirty.
"No, this is failure, disrespect, rudeness."
Gangu made a kowtow in a row,
"Therefore, I'd like to apologize for shaving one of your faces. No, I'm not proud of it, but as I said last night, the bastard | It can be used for a certainty like Katsutoshi. It is sure to have a razor. --Hata-kun, go a little deeper and borrow a razor. "
Sokichi was a concubine, nodding to the circumstances that Ochi-san should not go to the barber shop even if he went to the hot water densely. Borrow a razor and return. ......
"Oops! ... By the way, the gold basin" ... Be careful, be careful. "
During this time, it seems that something was happening now.
"Come on, you, if you don't show up here or take a look at one trick, your wife won't trust you."
"No, that's not the case, but I'm not yet."
"What, don't hesitate. The wrong place is the face of a kid .... Just, you see, the hair grows, and * [#" Shokuhen "instead of" Sanzui "in" Kan ". , 4th level 2-92-68] It seems that he took a picture of the child "Anko". "
Sokichi swallowed pretty, gollum and spit.
"Look up and squeeze. How about it? Let's make it slippery and fresh."
"It's kind of dangerous, isn't it?"
While floating his knees a little, he looked into his hand and looked anxious, and his moving face hung thin silk on the steaming heat haze of the iron kettle, and flickered in Sokichi's eyes.
"It's okay, that's right, a little bit, a little bit."
"Oh, please stop, stop."
When the knees that floated were shaken, the sleeves were fragrant and stretched.
"Why?"
"It's dangerous, it's dangerous. What if you drop the gentle, gentle eyebrows?"
"Is that so?"
And I hit the razor that I fastened a little again.
"I don't care."
"Oh, the edges of my eyes aren't there yet, because the top is stopped and I'm a posterity."
"I'm trying to shave your collar legs. What's this?"
"Oh, oh, oh, oh."
A large yawn that was thrown to the roof with a toilet bowl.
"Laughing ... I can't do it."
"Hahahaha, laughing and crying, what's the eyebrows of such a little boy?"
"No, no, no."
Kizuri, which came close to me while keeping my knees on my knees, echoed in Sokichi's chest as if the sound of Hagoromo was close to me from a distance ... The waves of tatami mats and the half body of a mermaid.
"What kind of mother is this?"
With his arm deceiving snow in the sky, he supported the hand of Gangu's razor, pierced it away, and held it in his chest, staring at it.
"I envy you, well, what a nice eyebrow. My parents are so cute."
The milk is white, and the gentleness and nostalgia can be seen through, while the Aya of the garment, the color of the garment crest, and the black hair are Sokichi's eyes. When it became pitch black, my sleeves were hung on my shoulders, and while my face was lying down on my collar, I squeezed my chest, which was also a sneak peek.
The concubine is from the next room 《Ma》
"Can you cut the razor ... I thought I'd use it together ..."

To commit suicide, Sokichi said that he should take it to the barber shop and took out this razor. It was after I entered the night of the same day.
The details are ...

Six

...... By the way, when the three of them returned from the morning bath, Kumazawa, who had been in the toilet for a long time, was also in a troupe, and he had to play with the Hanafuda again. , Say a little full of hot tofu.
In addition to this messenger, on the Yokoshoji in Miyamoto-cho, behind the Kaikaro, in the stone slope of Myojin, Soma senbei-salt senbei There is a specialty that somehow appears to be in the shape of a rice cracker on the spots of soy sauce on the rice crackers. ――Gangu's idea is to make it a tea ceremony and to eat it for a thousand people. So, it was the cause of the matter that Sokichi was sent to buy this.
For a few minutes, the 167 meals were hungry for three meals every day, and even if it was before breakfast, it was like a plunge. I'm hungry at the bottom of the dong down the rugged stone steps. ...... Tempura, soba, soba, grilled potatoes, potatoes and salted rice cracker incense pierce the nose, and the hand holding the bag trembles. .. It's unbearable that cold sweat drips down into my body in spite of my near hunger.
At the price of that time …… the seven coins that I will never forget are among the bulky rice crackers …… like an oval, several two pieces.
Sokichi went back to Ichisaka, and there was a little bit of a ward, and Ishizaka suddenly became steep as if he had raised his hand immediately. In a flat place, the leaves of Ginkgo were It's still shallow, and the treetops of the fir tree and the enoki mushroom are far away, and without the help of the ginkgo tree, it goes straight to the groove edge of the ginkgo tree. It wasn't until I was born that I was sick of "Mautsumu" that I clung to the horse's mouth with the thought of grabbing the unforgivable forbidden fruit "Konomi" in the name of Soma. However, the sweetness, sadness, and embarrassment caused the stiff breasts to fold from their own to the top of the ditch, and the rice crackers broke in the stomach rather than in the mouth. It was broken with a crunch.
His forehead was struck by the protruding eaves, his eyes were stabbed by the nails of his shinobi, and his whole body was hot with blood and blood. The stone steps that became a sinful snake and climbed up the eaves made me think that Oshichi had run up the fire lookout tower, and the sun reflected on my head was blood-colored. It flowed to the stage.
Sokichi was struck by the coldness of Myojin's Mitarashi dango, thinking that it would be quiet on the ice.
"Squeaky, squishy."
Sokichi unknowingly blushed his face and handed him a bag of rice crackers, feeling the danger of wrapping himself in a circle on the seat of the flower bones. It's in the hands of Gangu.
"Oops, come on!"
When I handed the bag to Ochi-san while flipping it over, it seemed a little tired and I couldn't get into it. The brazier was separated by a contract, and I opened it by looking into it with my knees.
"It's a treat ... taster immediately."
I said.
This also hurt my chest. If only, there wasn't much detail yet.
"Squeaky, squishy."
As Sokichi entered this tatami room, the sneaking laughter was already heard, but at this time, a piece of Ochi-san | It was Heishiro Kodara who struck from the side against Sokichi's face, which had fled to the side. ...... On the diamond-shaped surface with cheekbones, narrow the eyes and frown the nose.
"Couscous."
I sent it again. He seemed to have fallen into his hand and did not hold a tag. He held a silver smoke tube of plating "plating" and raised one knee with his momohiki in front of him. I was trying to hit the cheekbone against the kneecap,
"Squishy."
Continued to sneak and laugh.
Continued 《Tatetsu》
"Kukkukku."

Seven

"Do you want me to make you cry?"
When Honbakihachi rolls up the bones, the black crepe priest flips the red crepe back and flips it over.
"Hunger."
I threw it.
Heishiro's sneaking laugh, "Ufu, Ufu, Ufu."
"Ufufu, Ufufu, Ufufufufufu."
While holding the inoguchi in one hand, "What's wrong?", The battle of Hagi, irises, cherry blossoms, and peony is played on the futon of the black velvet. Kumazawa of Oshima Zoroi and Oogura, who were looking at him with his eyes, looked at Heishiro and laughed at him, and the laughing bug ate the velvet. Like, until it turns red, you can compete with the cross-legged peony.
"Uhahahaha, ufufu, ufufu. Ufufu. Eh, no, ah, ah, chi, ahahahaha, hahahahaha, te, u, eh, eh, eh, ehhe , Ufufu, ahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
"Stupid."
While licking his lips sideways, Kumazawa held the hand of Choshi, which he pulled out of the copper jar, in an attempt to drink into the protruding Inokuchi, and Chi-san said.
"What's wrong."
"Oh, I'm sorry to ask you, but aha, te, eh. Ehe, eh, uh, uh, chie, I can't stand it.
"It seems that the devil was fascinated."
Gangu was amazed and muttered, …… and became lonely.
When it comes to loneliness, only laughter is
"Chahahahahau, haha, ufu, hehe, haha, ehehehe, eh, hehe, ahahaha, uha, uha, uhaha. Yeah, chi, chahaha, e, hahahahahahahahaha, uh, uh, ehhhhhhh. "
Heishiro leans sideways, poking the spleen belly with the gooseneck of the smoke tube, and writhing in agony.
"Uh, it's painful ... Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, sad, ahahaha, ahahahaha, oh, ko, this guy, ahaha , Chahaha, Te, Chi, I can't stand it. Hahaha. "
Take the tea of the next cold to the breath of the seven | yellowtail "eight | defeated" that became bright red after being rubbed. If you use it with a sprawl,
"Wow." I grabbed the ashes and grabbed them, but I couldn't make it in time, and when I spit into the ashes of the fire, I found unevenness and ashes.
"Oh, that child, don't open a shoji screen."
The priest said, paying with the sleeves of black crepe.
As Sokichi jumps up the needle's shackle, when he opens the other one, the shoji screen of the armrest window, the ash blizzard that comes out quickly is a blue sky. Over Aozora, Haruka disappeared into the sea of Shinagawa. However, both the chimney in front of the warehouse and the twelfth floor became a sword on the eyelashes, the north side of the eyelashes, under the eyes, and on the avalanche. A small shop of a rice cracker shop in Hinata, Hinata, can be seen with an avalanche across the trashy roof.
The stone steps behind Choi and Ishigaki, which are dark with a hollow and dark, are connected to the stone steps behind the Myojin, like a centipede. The ridges on the Nasaki, and the fangs at the end of the ridges, and when they move, they crawl up from the groove under the sneak-back of a small black fence. The shape of the maggot "Uji" that shook the ugly and dirty muscles and shook the fu, clearly said "Yes" and "Ono". When reflected in his eyes, Sokichi was no longer pale.
It must have been recognized from here.
Heishiro, who thinks, is stroking his wet knee with a handkerchief in one place with saliva.
"Fu, fu, fu, fu, fu." ... With a big sigh, "Otameiki" and a laugh of a slapstick "Hi", and a rattle and thunder, the boy's ears strike! ......
"Please finish the roasting."
If Choi under his eyes had been cut off, Sokichi would have fallen into a fall with the voice of Ochi-san and shattered the five bodies into fine dust on the spot.
It was embarrassing only for the person who kept a piece of eyebrows "Hitohira" until he missed the parents of "Umi". ......
"Hey, to my house."
I took a breath and said-the house is the Nagaya on the open road.
Sokichi, however, even in front of the Nagaya, passed by as if he was hiding, standing in every corner of the gap between the eyes of you in the precincts of Myojin, and starving. I forgot even, and cried for half a day.
On a dark night with cloudy stars,
"Mom-Let's bring a razor to the barber. I'll have an incident ..."
Sokichi deliberately deviated from the lattice door, crawls from the kitchen to the crawling house, and took the razor from the landlord's hand.
In the tatami room separated by the space, a glossy shadow was reflected in the spirit, and the perfume scent was also scented under the sword. However, he was lonely.
Unusually, Onyudo, half-cutting, and a small plate with a small plate, a shadow priest named Kamuro, move to the red light of the Nagaya in the open road, and the voice leaks secretly. For Sokichi, it was rather a ninja to go in and out of the sound.

       Eight

"What are you doing, what are you doing, you are not Kushigi."
In the reed blinds of the empty tea shop "Akichamise" behind the shrine, "Yorika" is hung on the trunk of the large ginkgo tree used for one of the pillars. When I put the razor on my throat, I heard a quick noise, and the figure of Ochi-san, who was held in the sleeve of Takijima, was ... in Sokichi's eyes, from the treetop of a tall tree. It looked like a mysterious bird with a beautiful woman's face.
After the razor was stripped off, I was stunned and almost dreamy.
"Well! It was OK."
While twisting and hugging his shoulders, he worshiped the company with one hand.
"The bug told me. Now, in the kitchen, you could hear the voice with a razor, I was thrilled .... Hata-san, Hata-san. But I don't think I'll be there anymore. Somehow, I don't feel like I'm going to make such a mistake, I. I asked at the barber shop tomorrow in front of Torii. Well ... I didn't say I couldn't see it. I thought I was half crazy, but I'm here. I came to help the gods and Buddha "Kamihotoke". Mr. Hata, I don't think I'll help. You >> .... Your parents aren't following your shadow. Yes, do you understand? "
Like a child, with a soft chest, hugging the obi and the obi squeeze loosely,
"Look, the moon, that, the Buddha."
Don't forget, like a half-wheeled five-day moon descending a black cloud, a nostalgic deceased mother's breast ring hangs on a treetop on a majestic ginkgo branch. It was a remnant of the line.
"Well, from now on ... even if it's a woman, why did she die now with the buds?-To me ... I ... Yeah, that's embarrassing to me- ― ”
The tremor of the milk echoed in my chest.
"I don't care if you're a thief, about two pieces of salted rice crackers-I'm that .... Well, anyway, let's go in. Yes. There is no one in Shioume Anbai. "
When urging and hurrying to search for the piece clogs to be released, scarlet was scattered on the white shin. It seemed that the thousand were in a hurry, and I didn't even care about Sokichi's footwear. I pulled it.
I scooped up the water of Myojin's Mitarashi, which would be a forbidden thing to get rid of the demons and pay the god of death, and wet only the drops of Sokichi's hair. ,
"... Breathing, life extension, life extension, academics, school, fulfillment of wishes."
And close the eyes that are wetter than the hands, the neck is white, and the Mido is worshiped.
"Give me a bite ... calm down-me too."
I ate a cassotte with a heavy weight.
"Look at the palpitation, mine."
I knew the roar of the chest earlier than it is now.
"Mr. Hata, I will not return to Asuko with you anymore .... I will help you with your body and life, but ... Actually, I apologize to Myojin-sama now. So, what made your head wet-actually, go back inside .... With this razor, let's make you a freshly sled and sleep together. I thought.-Well, actually, tonight, that boy in Kishu embraced me, and Kumazawa and Gangu stepped into it, and I was asked to fall into the crime of unrighteous mischief. ...... I didn't care, and I was able to put it on.
‥ …… That boy is probably selling treasures such as Mt. Koya. Somehow I'm a rich man, I'm a minister of some ministry, but I'm going to sell it. , I knew that the boy had a disgusting look, and it was a badger game.
Because I'm weak, my body and courage seem to be by far the strongest, and I've become such a sloppy person based on that person, but ... after being consulted like that ... On top of that, after seeing this eyebrow "Mamie" ... "
And, Osen patted Sokichi's shoulder with a secret.
"Tsukuru, such a person became injured.-Well, I'll step on somewhere. Hold you, get up properly, get up, say Aisozuka, and fly immediately in the middle of the night. I thought I'd put it out and lower the drinking, but ... What kind of momentum did it take, and on the day when those people were violently injured, they were abandoned? I couldn't get it back, so I just put my hand on my chest and sorted it.
Let's go somewhere as it is. Leave it to me and rest assured. ...... You must not be able to deal with those people again. "
When descending the stone steps of Uragake, Sokichi felt like crossing the wolf pass and seeing the flowery city.
"Here ... yes ..."
It seems cheap that Ochi-san smiled and pulled out the day and night to buy salted rice crackers, but Moegi's Kaneiri.
"Let's walk while eating."

"It's a sissy."
The darkness, sweetness, and fragrance that went out to Odori 《Odori》, and the scented teeth 《Shira》 was done by mouth ...

       Nine

When Sokichi returned from night school to a poor boarding house between the empty bottle shop and the shoji shop, behind the Kachishicho town, he leaned back and got wet. From the six tatami mats of "Nureen", one man went out to "passing", and Ochi suddenly opened the shoji. But the floor is already taken ...
Put the scaled charcoal on the brazier at the bedside, put the wire mesh with the torn eyes on the diagonal lotus, and bake the pea rice cake while the thousand people squeeze it with the pocket paper. gave.
And he blew the hot thing with his mouth and told Sokichi, who looked happy, about Urasato.
Thousands are more beautiful than that, and although there is no snow, the pity and pain of the coal husks of the swamps of the small garden, with the scattered flowers.
It wasn't Tokijiro, but the cheek cover was a peek from the outside of the black fence.
Thousands were shining white, standing upright, in front of me trying to close the shoji, and when I went down, I went to the porch.
"that."
"Hey, I'm sorry, but it's a little errand."
And from the sleeve, I peeked at the hojojutsu like a snake's neck.
While supporting him as if he was kneeling, Ochi surrounded Sokichi behind him,
"……this person is……"
"No, I have no use for the little boy. Come on soon."
"Mune-chan ... Morning rice, boiled beans bought a lid, and ... Beni ginger" and ... Paper cover "Cover". "
The genre clerk had already opened the sliding door at the entrance with sandals in one hand.
While Osen was looking for something to wear, the genre clerk unlocked the door from the inside, but when he left the eaves, he struck a waist rope.
The thin waist disappeared, and the pursed shoulders floated on the willow.
‥ …… In that thousand, there is no haori, no underwear, no skin, just white striped kosode wilting.
Sokichi chased after crying with bare feet.
The eyes and heart were pitch black, and I couldn't remember the town or place. It was when the cold breeze of 颯 and Ichijo invited the cherry blossoms to the thin light of the lamp.
"Husband."
Tosen stopped,
"Mune-chan-Mune-chan."
I didn't even turn around, but I felt like I was drooling and turned my eyebrows gently.
“…………”
"My sister raises her soul."-I broke it while tracing. ...... There was a white paper crane on my palm.
"Come right away to this place to fly."
The origami crane fluttered in the sky, fluttering on the pale red 《Aojiro》 and the flower piece 《Hanabira》. ...... Sokichi was picked up at the big gate where this fell.

The train came up and down almost at the same time.
Sokichi did not move.
Then, the woman of Marumage approached the side of the scarlet noodles and approached the side, and one day, the effect of slipping on the back while pulling her shoulders. While pulling the haori without "Kaisho" from above
"Come on."
"Is it a car?"
With eyes * [# "eyes + 爭", 3rd level 1-88-85] << Miha >>, the scarlet woman was lonely.

Ten

A young station employee
"What about you?"
I said.
As for the crowd of Kuroyama who got over, the train that came in a row of 34 cars was cleanly drained to the mud, but two women who did not leave the waiting area (one more) and Sokichi It was a mess.
Sokichi said.
"This lady is ill."
After all, the scarlet-skinned woman who was lying on her back was said to be an eaves with her cloak's elbows.
After the station staff left,
"I'm home, I'll give you a car."
And Sokichi gently looked into his face and turned his eyes back to the woman in the circle.
"Sugamo would like to see you off .... I'm sure you'll help me. I'm like this."
When I saw Dr. Hata Sokichi, a doctor of medicine in Nafuda, there was another woman, a woman with a zangirimono, who stood upright in a P shape and salutes like a Z. This was an attached miscellaneous woman, Zoshifu, but before this, the doctor said to the woman in the car, even though she resembled her cousin, Sugamo. I don't doubt the person because of his personality, and Ren is a girl in a certain tower in Shinagawa, and I send him to the hospital in Sugamo because he is crazy, but I want to go by car, so I have to. It is said that it is a bad idea. With that in mind, when I came by train, he said that he got off anything and sneaked because it wasn't a car here. ...... Marutaka is the daughter of a certain tower. Until I heard the real name of the girl, this miscellaneous woman was glaring at the top of her body.

Surprised by the untimely rounds, one day, the assistants and the nurses in their white coats rushed apart and quietly rushed to the left and right. , Doctor of Medicine Sokichi Hata
"No, I'm going to visit you personally ... everyone, please."
Eventually, he was the only one in the special room, and he knelt on the bed, holding a razor in his hand, to a mad woman with tears and tears. I buried my forehead in my chest, crying with my knees and razors, smiling, smiling, as if I had forgotten my body and the world and returned foolishly, tears. Was transmitted to the razor "beard".
[# Raise one letter from the ground] May 1922



Bottom book: "Kyoka Izumi Collection 7" Chikuma Bunko, Chikuma Shobo
First print issued on December 4, 1995 (Heisei 7)
Parent of the bottom book: "Kyoka Zenshu Vol. 20" Iwanami Shoten
Issued the first print on May 20, 1941 (Showa 16)
Input: Hiroshi Kadota
Proofreading: Tadao Imai
Created on August 31, 2003
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
