Beauty ugly
Yoshio Toyoshima

On summer nights, my study was more lively than on winter nights. Many insects fly in and dance in love with the lights from the open windows. Focusing on the lamp, I fly around the ceiling, floor, desk, my body, etc.
Friends who dislike insects frown at my study. But I don't want to close the windows or put screen doors in the windows to get the attention of twelve humans. Nor do we want to close the room to them, even though it is often dangerous for them to dance around the lights.
Their dance that longs for the night lights has a clear and radiant delight that transcends the slightest concerns and consideration of human beings. How beautiful they are when they are drunk with the joy.
Pterygota or armored large and small insects, they sometimes get lost in my hair or fall from my collar to my back and are terribly confused. But at such times, for them, my hair and back are just a part of nature. I'm just afraid of crushing them between the pages of the book or between the manuscript papers because of my carelessness. I'm happy to be surrounded by them, reading or writing, as long as I avoid the crush. It's also nice to rest your tired eyes on them. How beautiful they are.
However, among those insects, there are three that I cannot forgive.
One of them is a mosquito. A mosquito flying around in search of blood.
Next is a fly. It's a fly lost in the night light. He never longs for lights. I'm just wondering. While hesitating, he is waving his greedy belly. Even moths that sprinkle toxic powder from their wings fly with joy, but the flies are still trying to eat, with countless molds on their toes.
The third is the longhorn beetle. I feel sad about this bug. The longhorn beetle larva is a gunworm. It is difficult to enter the trunk and make a hole, and finally the tree dies. Since I love trees, I can't forgive longhorn beetles. Kogane insects that eat young leaves and shoots are still good. Living things have to eat something. However, it is unforgivable to enter the trunk and kill the tree. A longhorn beetle destined to be cursed.
It was a rabbit horn, every summer night, while I was familiar with many insects, I discovered that mosquitoes, flies and longhorn beetles were the ugliest of them. Aside from blood-sucking, phagocytosis, and harmfulness, the three on the right had the ugliest body of the insects that danced in my study. The feeling of beauty and ugliness is absolute. I hate mosquitoes, flies, and longhorn beetles, without any contempt.
In addition to physical ugliness, or even more than that, human relationships that can express mental ugliness are blessed when you think about it. ――But with that, I remember the words of a certain Ms. A certain Ms. is a spiritually respectable person, but sadly, she has an unsightly nose. And one day, when the chat fell on his nose, he said in a lonely tone. "Let's talk about the nose. My nose ... I'm born and I can't do it myself ..."
At midnight, I caught a longhorn beetle that jumped into my study and thought that I would be sentenced to death, and I thought that this insect had the beauty of a jewel beetle. I sadly remembered Ms. Ms.'s words.



Bottom book: "Yoshio Toyoshima's book, Volume 6 (essay, critique, etc.)" Miraisha
Issued the first print on November 10, 1967 (Showa 42)
Input: tatsuki
Proofreading: Hiroshi Kadota
Created April 22, 2006
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
