"Grape making in the vineyard" postscript
Kunio Kishida

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Knowledge

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) [# Page break]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

Recently, the same author, "Carrot", was blessed with various circumstances and made a mysterious number of editions in a short period of time. I don't think. However, by introducing the other side of the "vineyard" to the reader who knew one side of the author Lunaal with "carrot", it is possible to convey the appearance of this extraordinary artist to a little more extent. Then, the translator's wishes are sufficient.
If "carrot" spelled out his boyhood with a bitter retrospective, "vineyard" sent a modest smile to life and nature, through a more stoic mindset. You can see that.
The evolution from romantic humorism to classical naturalism is a leap for him, even a conversion, and the "profane" contained in the novel "Poil de carotte". Throughout Lunaal's life, his conscious exposure, though showing tragic relentlessness, has gradually become less repulsive to the reader.
What makes us particularly entertaining in the "vineyards" is the record of observations that he himself deserves to call "the hunter of the illusion."
Some of his favorite forms of metaphor are the poverty of thought, but in his case the metaphor is not just a metaphor, but an instant phase of life. .. He mentions it in his diary, but sometimes people don't notice it, and sometimes they do. You should read his work at different times and places. The parts that were not so vivid in the past will always pass in front of us lively. He doesn't always try to draw something. Also, no one tries to capture the state that can be felt. Instead, I am amazed at the one figure that any human being must feel when he sees, hears, or touches itself under certain limited conditions. He knows the technique of transcribing into words with the accuracy he should have. The comment "small greatness" may refer to an extraordinary landscape that can be seen by the public eye.
I believe that these qualities are the most untranslatable of all the qualities of literature, but I rarely want to make up for this blasphemy with my supreme love for Renard.
"Vineyard" was published in 1894 (Meiji 28) when the author was thirty years old. "Carrot" was also published in the same year, but it came out a little later than that.
Regarding Renard, I feel that I have a lot of things to say and have to say, but I think I will have the opportunity to put them together and announce them, so here for reference. Let's just write a simple chronology.
[#New Page]
[# Indent one character from here, indent and indent two characters]
February 22, 1864. Born in Chararon, Niveel, France.
1866 (?). Move to Citley.
1874 (?). Entered the Saint Louis dormitory in Niveel and attended elementary school from here. He goes home with his brother Moolis three times a year. (The life depicted in "carrot" is the life of this period)
1881. After going to Paris, he went to school at Charles Maanyu High School from his boarding house. Abandon the high school exam.
1883. Graduated from high school. He met the chief editor of "Gooloa" and later contributed to it.
1858. Refused to publish the short story "Village Sin".
In the same year, he joined the Bourju infantry regiment as a one-year volunteer.
1886. Discharged as Corporal Infantry. Became an eastern railway company. Monthly salary of 125 francs.
After that, he changed to a warehouse company, became a newspaper binding clerk, and got a job as Mr. Lyon's secretary and tutor.
In the same year, the national theater actress Mrs. Davile read aloud her own poem "Rose".
In the same year, get married.
1888. Published "Village of the Village".
1899. Birth of the eldest son.
Joined the douujinshi on the reissue of Mercury de France magazine.
After that, he went in and out of Alphonse Doodee's house, and made friends with Lucyan Guitry, Edmond Rostand, Tristan Bernaal, etc.
1894. Publish "Carrot".
In the same year, "Grape making in the vineyard" was published.
1895. He rents a house in Shoomo near his hometown and spends April or May to October every year.
1896. Publish "Natural History".
1897. The drama "Farewell is fun" will be premiered.
In the same year, my father commits suicide.
1900. The play "Carrot" is performed by Antoine. Elected as a member of the Shoomo Village Assembly.
1904. Elected to the mayor of Citley.
1907. After Huysmans, he was selected as an Academic Gonkuul member.
1909. I die of mother's illness.
1910. He suffered from arteriosclerosis and died at his house in Paris on May 22nd.
Published in 1925-27. (The diary from 1878 to the time of death first appeared in the world)
[# End of indentation here]



Bottom book: "Grape making in the vineyard" Iwanami Bunko, Iwanami Shoten
Issued the first print on April 15, 1938 (Showa 13)
Issued the 10th edition on July 16, 1973 (Showa 48)
Issued the 20th edition on July 16, 2009 (Heisei 21)
* The title "Postscript" in the bottom book is supplemented with the bottom real name, and the title of the work is "Postscript of" Making grapes in the vineyard "".
* Notes by the editorial department in parentheses have been omitted.
Input: Hiroshi Kadota
Proofreading: Kazuhiko Okamura
Created February 22, 2019
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (https://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
