Postscript of the novel and critique "Literary Mother's Womb"
Yoshio Toyoshima

A word about the nature of this book.
I was watching a person named Li Yongtai. He wrote four short stories about his occasional behavior. Finally, I intended to write a novella or feature film that shows his decisive stage of development. At that time, another person appeared in front of him. It's hard to say what kind of person he is, depending on the work of another day. That's why Li Yongtai decided to abandon it as it is. The abandoned Li Yongtai is, to me, a small lovable being and the background mother of another new person. --This is the first part of this book.
The author thinks about various things while watching the generation and development of a new person or a new work. Sometimes I indulge in very serious thoughts, and sometimes I indulge in very carefree fantasies. It is no longer possible to leave one person or one work and make so-called general literary notes about what is seen and heard. --The second part of this book is a slightly organized version of this.
However, Japan is now in the midst of war and development. This is, of course, the background mother of our literature in general. I searched for this mother's womb in Taiwan, North China, and Central China. This is not a travelogue, but a kind of literary note. However, since the circumstances of these lands are changing from moment to moment, I have given a date to each of the sentences, and I would like you to read it taking that date into consideration, but at the bottom of the rapid progress of history. I'm going to capture something that doesn't change. --This is the third part of this book.
As mentioned above, although it is in front of the author, Ignore that, just take a look at the novel, then have a literary chat, and then travel a little. You may read it with that feeling.



Bottom book: "Yoshio Toyoshima's book, Volume 6 (essay, critique, etc.)" Miraisha
Issued the first print on November 10, 1967 (Showa 42)
First appearance: "Literary Mother's Womb" Kawade Shobo
December 1942 (Showa 17)
Input: Hiroshi Kadota
Calibration: Juki
Created May 11, 2013
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
