About the establishment of Bunka Gakuin
Akiko Yosano

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Already

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Doctor of Science | Torahiko Terada << Terada Torahiko >>

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) [# Raise one letter from the ground] ("Sun" January 1921)
-------------------------------------------------- -----

From April of this year, I decided to do one thing for girls' education with my friends. Needless to say, this is too sudden and too bold for me, but for me it's a very serious business, just like my traditional life, for a short period of time. I decided to think carefully enough and think about what I could think of. I can only affirm that it is not a careless thought.
I would like to briefly describe the process of this and also include a summary of our plans for this project.

*

For the past three years, no matter what kind of problems I had with individuals and society, I always touched on economic problems, and more thoroughly touched on personality problems. The reason why Japanese people do not behave is that they lack the refining of their personality. Because of this, I consulted with society about the education of humanity, stating the remodeling of education whenever I had the opportunity. Then, I have no experience of education outside of my own child, but before I knew it, I felt the urge to look at it in relation to the actual education, without having to squeeze myself. I felt it in the corner of. The actual education I mean is a new special free education from junior high school to university that I try under the co-education system. However, I had never thought that such a thing would be realized on my own, but surprisingly, the opportunity came to "here".
Isaku Nishimura is particularly well known as the author of "Fun House", which has been loved by society since last year, but he is a rare and versatile person. As a painter, architect, craft artist, poet, and even more enthusiastic researcher of cultural life, I am surprised to admit that I am a friend of mine. Mr. Nishimura has been planning to create "Art Life, Nishimura Research Institute" as one small research institute that artistically remodels Japanese life from all directions since last spring. Although it had already been overheard by newspapers, Mr. Nishimura decided to start an artistic free education school as part of the research institute's business.
Mr. Nishimura first consulted about this with Mr. Ishii Hakutei and myself. Mr. Ishii, a painter, and I, a poet, were asked to be the actual manager of the school. Needless to say, it would be out of the ordinary in the common sense of society that we take on such an important role in education. Mr. Nishimura was surprised at us by giving us such a drastic opinion on educational reform. This was sudden to us, but when I consulted with Mr. Ishii and Mr. Nishimura, who has been my best friend for a long time, the three of them were vague about general education. I found that Hirao's opinions were unexpectedly agreed, and the more I spoke, the more I agreed with the details of how to do it. Therefore, Mr. Ishii was willing to take on this role, and I was happy to agree to attach to Mr. Ishii and Mr. Nishimura's millet. In addition, many seniors and friends in academia and arts have decided to jointly support the business of the three of us, so even though I am weak, this business is rather this business. I am very reassured by the stats.

*

Our school was named "Bunka Gakuin". It is divided into two parts, a university department and a junior high school department. The junior high school is in the fourth year, and the university is in the fourth year.
We will implement a co-educational system, but male students will be recruited after waiting for the establishment of the university department. At present, boys have more opportunities to receive education in junior high school and above than girls, so at our school, we decided to educate only female students in junior high school in our first book.
In March, we are recruiting 40 female students in the first grade of the junior high school. I would like to try as individual education as possible, so I will forever limit the number of students recruited to one group of three or forty.
Admission qualifications are limited to girls who graduated from ordinary elementary school last year and this year. We do not do entrance examinations at all, but the choice of acceptance or rejection is decided by a simple individual examination of ability and constitution. For girls who wish to enroll, we would like them to write down their opinions, elementary school teachers, parents, etc. about what is their greatest strength for reference at school, and attach it to the admission application form. think.

*

The educational purpose of our school is to allow individuals to freely demonstrate their creativity, individually and freely, according to their own strengths and wishes, without being forced by others. Education so far has been biased towards utilitarian life, but we would like to educate on a standard that goes beyond utilitarian life. In other words, instead of becoming a slave of money or profession, the self becomes the master of the self, and lives in the patience and enjoyment of creating and contributing a new cultural life among human beings through activities suitable for the self. I want to make a human being.
In other words, the sole purpose is to create a complete individual. "Perfect individual" does not mean a mediocre average human being, nor does it mean a legendary genius who was all-around. Whatever the case, human beings only need to be deeply proficient in the one-of-a-kind art that suits them. That is enough to build a meaningful human life. Of course, it is fine for people with qualities that are more suitable than one-of-a-kind to show their creativity in many ways, but it is a myth that there is discrimination between the two as personalities, and each is possible. As long as I have done my best, I think that he and this must be able to settle on each other as "perfect individuals".

*

Education for female students in junior high school provides basic education that leads girls to complete individuals with the above meanings, so the quality and type of education is lower than that for male junior high school students due to the gender of women. I don't want to reduce it. Until now, the education of Good Wife, Wise Motherhood has been deliberately giving low-powered education to kill humans, exaggerate women, and be suitable as male slaves. We need to think like boys and create girls who can act equally, so let's reduce our reflection as a woman to a reasonable degree and be aware of the consciousness of independence, which is considered as a human being in most cases. I think. This is the reason why we call our school especially junior high school girls, rather than relying on traditional high school girls' courses.

*

The junior high school course is roughly divided into a training department and a creative department. In the rehabilitation department, I would like to properly dispose of all the current junior high school departments for boys and have them complete them in four years. This is an attempt to add the most daring ax sword to the traditional teaching method. While reducing the quantity, we intend to further deepen the quality. It goes without saying that this trial requires the spiritual skills of the professors in charge.
The courses of the training department are roughly divided into psychiatric courses, mathematics, natural sciences, humanities, Japanese literature, foreign languages, foreign literature, etc. Foreign languages impose both English and French, and Japanese literature and foreign literature impose classics in addition to contemporary literature. Doctor of Science in Mathematics | Torahiko Terada Based on the opinion of Professor Torahiko Terada, we will implement a special new educational method such as teaching algebra from the first grade in other departments.
The course of the creative department is roughly divided into literature, painting, Western music, Western dance, design, handicraft, etc., and I will give basic education to all of them and encourage individual free production.

*

All of the above courses seem to be compulsory subjects in that students have to attend all the courses, but since they do not take exams across departments as in the past, if they do not study for the exams, they will eventually I don't think it will be a pain to attend the department of. In order to advance to the next level, I would like to create a system in which students can arbitrarily select only four types of departments of their own interest in the training department and the creative department and take an examination for that subject. As long as the students are particularly good at performing, I will be able to advance to other departments just by listening. In college, music lovers are better suited to the piano, natural science lovers are locked up in the laboratory, and painting lovers are just drawing. think.

*

The maximum class time per week is 35 hours. I spend a lot of time in foreign languages, painting and music, so it's six hours a day except Saturday. I am convinced that it will not be a heavy burden on the students because it takes a lot of time, and the departments can be freely selected, and all the departments, including the creative department, are attracted by interest without knowing it and can be voluntarily completed.
For both psychiatric lectures and extraordinary lectures outside the department, many talented experts from academia, arts, and the real world can give lectures and experience stories of various specialized knowledge as lecturers. I would like to make it one of the features of the school.
Because there is a limit to the number of students, it is possible to have family friendliness between the teacher and the students, and I think that individual guidance will be fairly well received.

*

What kind of girls will be released from our Bunka Gakuin in the future, whether they graduate from junior high school and stop there, or willing to graduate from university, as an individual, surely one creative thing. You can enjoy it yourself in a high, clean and right place that has its strengths and goes beyond utilitarian calculations. That love is an artist's love. You can take in people and nature within yourself and love them as one with me. This is a person who has awakened to true humanity. From those human beings, there will be girls who will become professional literary figures, painters, and musicians due to their genius. There will also be girls who will become specialized scientists. There will also be girls who are financially independent as professional women, and girls who will enter the family and become wives and mothers of a new era rich in love and wisdom. There will also be girls in academia, politics, and social reform movements, alongside boys. In addition, some girls will endure their work, measure for their neighbors, enjoy nature, and live a moderate life without gathering the audience of society.
It is our hope that one new cultural life will be properly opened for each individuality.
I don't want to think narrower than this and plan to activate humanity freely.

*

Recruiting a small number of female students who do not leave three or forty every year and giving them special higher education seems to be a biased act, but I think that it is unavoidable as long as it is an individual job. .. It's not that we don't think of a large number of children's education in general, but that's something we can't do on our own. Unless we do our best within our reach, we will end up without the opportunity to be involved in anything in society. Even with the education of three or forty people, I think it is better not to do it. Also, if we were to produce three or forty graduates each year after a few years, those three or forty would be like sowing good seeds in society. The seeds will produce several times more favorable seeds.
Our business, which has no experience in school education, thinks that it is an exorbitant adventure on its own, and is prepared for the challenges ahead. Now is the time when there are many people with a keen eye who are dissatisfied with conventional education, both in education and in society. It happened that people like us jumped out and tried this kind of artistic free education in order to break the air of the heavy educational world, and we can forgive them with tolerance and sympathy. I think there will be.
The above is my own opinion in a rough scribble. Please see the opinions of Mr. Ishii and Mr. Ji Nishimura announced along with the rules of the school regarding the educational policy of the Bunka Gakuin. (January 1921)
[# Raise one letter from the ground] ("Sun" January 1921)



Bottom book: "Akiko Yosano Review" Iwanami Bunko, Iwanami Shoten
First edition issued on August 16, 1985 (Showa 60)
Issued 10 prints on June 6, 1994
Parent of the original: "Human Worship" Tenyusha
First edition issued in March 1921 (Taisho 10)
First appearance: "Sun"
January 1921 (Taisho 10)
Input: Nana ohbe
Proofreading: Hiroshi Kadota
Created May 14, 2002
Revised September 14, 2012
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
