Lessons from the history of civilization
Shigenobu Okuma

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Nostalgia

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Conventional | Yes

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) [# 1 indentation]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

[# 1 indentation] History is active [# "History is active" is the middle heading]
Is it okay for the world to remember such misunderstandings about history? History is like an inspector who describes and examines past events, investigating dead cases. However, I do not make such a demand on history. As an element of the science of history, it must be necessary to calmly examine and investigate the facts of the past as much as possible, but it is only for the study of history. Not the whole. Historical facts do not appear to the great brains, or "or" activists, simply as dead. In the eyes of those people, even if it is an old event that has nothing to do with the present age, the facts appear to be active and have life. In this respect, I prefer to study the history of civilization.

[# 1 indentation] Japanese preparedness [# "Japanese preparedness" is the middle heading]
I often 《often》 talked about the Japanese's determination as a person in the world. The Japanese are no longer the only Japanese on this land. He became a Japanese as a person in the world who was given the right to act in all directions across the world, across the sea and land. After all, the Japanese people's preparedness is not easy to cover. The Japanese not only fully understand the civilization that they have traditionally had, but also understand the civilization of the entire Orient of the same race as themselves, and at the same time, Europe has a long history. It must be necessary to fully accept the civilization of Tomoe "Europe" and criticize it. No, Japan has already embarked on that big job. Therefore, I wonder if the Japanese have enough important ability to criticize our so-called civilization. This is what I am worried about. Once the country has been opened and against the civilizations of the world, all civilizations are rushing in with great momentum. It flows like a flood. At that time, a little protection work or something is of no use. However, isn't that condition already appearing in the new civilization of Japan today? As soon as he clearly understands the myriad new civilizations and proves that he has the power to give the right criticism.

[# 1 indentation] A mature civilization [# "Mature civilization" is a middle heading]
The civilization of Europe 《Europe》 is already a mature civilization. It is a civilization that is about to be accompanied by its evil. This must be welcomed by my Japanese-who I say is a child. In fact, the civilization of Europe has led Japan and is still giving benefits, but it is also contributing to its harmful effects. The Japanese do not seem to be aware of it.

[# 1 indentation] Civilization life [# "Civilization life" is a middle heading]
If you study the history of civilization in the world carefully, you will be wondering if the life of civilization will last forever. It is rare in the history of the world that the same civilization lasts its life forever and decorates the history of the country. At some point, that civilization loses its life and is replaced by another new civilization. From the top of the nation, this is called extinction. In the history of civilization, it is called the retreat of civilization. Are human beings completely powerless against the natural power of the retreat of civilization? If some human power can act, what does it mean? How much can you do? This is where the achievements of history that I call are manifested. The fate of any race must have some influential cause behind it. If we can learn the fateful history of the country in detail, and if the whole nation can stand in the position of awareness, it may not have a protective effect on this great natural force. I don't think so. However, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to compete with this large number of people.

[# 1 indentation] The destruction of Rauma (and Renaissance) [# "The destruction of Rauma (and Renaissance)" is the middle heading]
The civilization of Rauma "Roma", which had that rich civilization, was also destroyed for the people of the ancient "Turkish" with the fall of the Byzantine "Roma". However, the ancient civilization of Roma, which had a long history, rushed with a new momentum, which was traditionally thought to be a barbarian. , Escaped to Italy with many scholars. Itari "Italy" became the door, and various arts began to prosper again in the European countries. Many people seem to be interested in learning about the history of the Renaissance. Every time I imagine the ideological revolution of Europe in this era and the state of society's chaos, I have no choice but to associate it with the state of civilization imports in Japan these days. It is. By the way, the civilization of the ancient "Turkey", which destroyed the Byzantine "Rome" and replaced it by itself, would continue until "when". He turned himself into a sushi and fell and perished himself. In the midst of the half-moon flag fluttering, he also suffered the tragedy of destruction in front of the European nations, who were afraid of the laughter of the Emperor Turkey. I came to see it. Why is it so? This is an interesting issue. In other words, the Byzantine Empire (Turkey), who destroyed the Byzantine Empire (Rome), could not truly understand himself. However, he did not have the power to accept the Greek and Latin civilizations he possessed, although they were destroyed at the same time. Rejecting the good civilization of Roma, he threw it into the field of Europe. Instead, he received the Byzantine Empire and the Byzantine Empire, which had been an internal factor in the destruction of the Byzantine Empire. It has corrupted this state-of-the-art country, just as human illness unknowingly perpetrates the person's entire body.

[# 1 indentation] Civilization makes a rhythm [# "Civilization makes a rhythm" is a middle heading]
Naturally, civilization also moves infinitely in rhythm. By the time civilization rises, we must know that the harmful effects that accompany it are always betrayed by it. Not only that, I doubt that the same civilization has the same effect on the people. It is from this point that the people need the power to criticize civilization. Japan is now open to the civilizations of the world. The work that Japan does, the thoughts that it thinks, and everything must move without being independent of the world. Japan has already jumped out naked before the big stab. Extreme individualism, extreme socialism, extreme equality and indiscrimination-these are no longer foreign.

[# 1 indentation] Civilization or human evil [# "Civilization evil or human evil" is a middle heading]
Is this harmful effect the civilization's own evil, or is it the mistake of those who accept it? This is the main goal of the research. This is a big problem and cannot be easily determined. When a philosopher announces a false idea in an era, it does not become reasonably popular during the era, despite the great fallacy in the theory. Not necessarily. If that were the case, it would be very distressing to future generations. This is something to be very careful about. For example, extreme westernization-and the reactionary reaction to the revival of Chinese studies, and the mystery that these two contradictory and false ideas occur at the same time, do not benefit the current Japanese civilization. believe.

[# 1 indentation] Skepticism and chaos (suspicion and fear) [# "Skepticism and chaos (suspicion and fear)" is a middle heading]
I sometimes talk to people, but of course there is an error in the idea itself, such as the recent reconstruction of Chinese studies, but I also skeptical about how the current Japanese idea is. I think it is the best example of whether or not it is extremely chaotic. The Japanese are skeptical of their own path while advancing, and are afraid to look back and forth. Thus, the people have to deal with it in the meantime and compete with the civilizations of the world. Fortunately, the Japanese have an oriental history, philosophy, and literary arts that the Europeans do not have, but cannot understand, and still have Western history. It has the convenience of being able to clearly learn.

[# 1 indentation] Sentence of the home country that you finally know (Japanese children in Mexico)
At the same time, the Japanese must be prepared to have many weaknesses. The most concrete and greatest case is the word that announces thought. It is a letter that represents the word. Unfortunately, the Japanese language is almost inconsistent in the world. Therefore, the characters that announce the idea are not defined. It goes without saying that Kanji is a kind of sign that expresses "meaning". The Japanese have created a convenient kana, which represents the "sound," from the borrowed kanji, and confused this linguistically completely different character to make it an institution for presenting intentions. In this respect, the Japanese are at a great disadvantage to the Europeans. Even if I study the same thing, I think I've lost more than three times as much to do the same job. Even in office work, Japanese characters are useless for typewriters. Therefore, even in Japan, large factories do not use Japanese, but rather use the European language, that is, the Roman alphabet. Also, recently, Japanese children in South America and Mexico learned foreign languages first without learning Japanese textbooks, so I changed all the textbooks to ｜ Roma 《Roma》, but for the first time I learned the language of my home country. There is a person who reported to me. I don't think this is just a matter of letters. The Japanese must first know themselves a little more. And I think that the power of criticism of civilization will be born for the first time after knowing myself.



Bottom book: "Okuma Shigenobu Speech Discourse Collection" Iwanami Bunko, Iwanami Shoten
First print issued on March 16, 2016 (Heisei 28)
Parent of the original: "Revised and reprinted 100 episodes of Okuma Haku" Jitsugyo no Nihonsha
June 1909 (Meiji 42)
Reprinted in March 1911 (Meiji 44)
First appearance: "Waseda Gakuho No. 187" Waseda University Alumni Association
Issued on September 1, 1910 (Meiji 43)
* The title at the time of the first appearance is "Experience learned from the history of civilization".
* The bibliography by the editor at the beginning of the text has been omitted.
Input: Fukupo
Proofreading: Hiroshi Kadota
Created May 27, 2018
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (https://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
