Siku Quanshu of Bunkaku
Naito Konan

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Numbers are JIS X 0213 area area number or Unicode, base page and number of lines)
(Example) * [# "Takekanmuri / (Soil + Making of 鈞)", Level 3 1-89-63]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

There are not a few people who pay attention to books and do not know the name of Qianlong's Siku Quanshu. The compilation of all the books of the four warehouses was made into a major project of the Qianlong Emperor, and the record of that was found in the 37th year of Qianlong [# 1 step small letters] (1772 AD) [# end of small letters. ] It begins on the 4th day of the new year. The main idea was that Qianlong Emperor had already published 21 history, 13 books, etc. at this time, compiled most of the other books, and even though it was a collection of books, it was a long time ago. The collection of books has become a large part of the book, and it is said that it is the largest book of the ancient times, but the full text of the original book, which is naturally quoted in the book, is included. It should be possible to do it, so it made a large collection more than it should be, and based on the idea of collecting all the old and modern books in one place, I gave this advice to the local officials of each ministry and ordered the collection. Seri. In the following year, that is, in the 38th year of Qianlong, Zhu * [# "Takekanmuri / (Soil hen + making of swords)", 3rd level 1-89-63] And if it exists in many of the books that are out of the world in Yongle Encyclopedia (a large book that can be made in the Qianlong year of Ming), it is decided to extract it, and the collection of this collection is completed. The name of the book is Siku Quanshu. By May of this year, the books purchased from Zhejiang, the governor-general patrol of the Gangnam region, and the ambassador of the royal family, etc., and sent to Beijing are said to be 45,000 to one man. In addition, if he was a writer of the world and made him a rare person, he would write the book and return it to him after school. In the following thirty-nine years, among those who wrote books as his writer, he was appointed to Ningbo's Ming dynasty and others, and received a collection of books, Peiwen Yunfu, and showed the book At the same time, Qianlong emperor heard that the Tenichikaku of Ningbo's Akane was the famous Peiwen Yunfu from the Ming dynasty onward, and sent a person of this year to inspect its structure. It is used for construction fees. In this way, the location of the Imperial Household Bookstore was determined to be Bunbuchikaku, and with the location of the Imperial Household Bookstore, the construction was started according to the scale of Tenichikaku, and Qianlong Emperor himself wrote the description of Bunbuchikaku. Make it. In the 41st year of Qianlong, the government system of the members who govern the Bunbuchikaku was also established, and the enactment of the Daegu was completed. According to the Qianlong Emperor in the 42nd year, at this time, the Siku Quanshu had already written four copies, and some of them would be used as the books of the swordsman. Of the four, one is in Beijing's Wenjin Ge, one is in Yuanmingyuan's Wenjin Ge, one is in Rehe's Wenjin Ge, and one is in Mukden's Wenjin Ge. I think it will be completed by 67 years. After that, by about 55 years of Qianlong, a part of the Siku Quanshu was sent to the Sankaku in Gangnam. The three cabinets are the texts of the Buddhist temple in Yangzhou, Zhenjiang Jinzanji * [# "Sanzui + (匚 <隹)", 4th level 2-79-7] In "Zhenjiang", there was "Sentence * [#" Sanzui + (匚 <隹) ", 4th level 2-79-7] Kaku" in "Yangzhou". ], Wenlan Pavilion at Seiinji Temple in Xihu. These are the abyss of cultural artifacts in the Gangnam region, and many people want to see the books, so they are prepared for the convenience of the writer. Thus, the four northern cabinets will be used for the Tenshi review, and the Gangnam one will be used for the general public's view. On the other hand, the ones in the Southern Three Pavilion are reminiscent of brush cultivation, and there is a difference in the rough bookbinding. 1861) [# End of small letters] Burned during the invasion of the British and Buddhist alliance forces, the three southern cabinets were scattered by the long bandits, but among them, the Bunkaku in Hangzhou. After that, only the books of Hangzhou were collected to make up for the shortage, and the books were restored to the 舊 觀. The Siku Quanshu of the Northern Three Pavilion is bound with a length of about 1 shaku and 5 parts, and a width of 6 inches and 5 minutes. The ridge is green, the history is crimson, the child is light blue, and the gathering is light gray. In each case, thin silk is used, some of them are divided into one plate, and many of them are divided into several parts, and each plate is made of silk of the same color as the cover. Tighten it vertically with a sword, put it in a small box, and place nine of these boxes on a shelf. The shelves have four or six layers, which are divided into first and second shelves. It is called "Tatoheba No. 1 rack", "History club No. 1 rack", etc., and this is a convenient way to search for the Siku Quanshu. This book is based on the arrangement of bookshelves, and if the titles contained in each box are written in the same position, which book is the number of bookshelves or the number of books in history? It's easy to see at a glance how many layers and boxes they are in. Among the four northern cabinets, what I see is the Mukden Bunka, but the structure must be the same for all four cabinets. In Daegu, the same is true for Gangnam's three cabinets. This structure is a two-story building with six floors on the outside, but it is divided into three layers on the inside. Let's call it a child, a gathering department. Desks, chairs, etc. are provided in places on all three layers for review. There are 1,568 boxes in the lower tier and other areas, 1,584 boxes in the middle history department, and 3,600 boxes in the upper layer and the collection section. This is a method of preservation, such as using 66 loaves of camphor every year, lowering the dust of the feathers of the mountain bird and handing over 16 large and small pieces for cleaning, and replacing the window glass every other year. It's a matter of course. The manager of this Bunkakaku is only one chief and a few people who also serve concurrently, and he is able to freely check the receipt and payment of books. The volume of the Siku Quanshu is seven thousand nine thousand, but to my knowledge, one copy is three thousand six thousand, and according to the Qianlong Emperor, four man. You can see it with 2,000 books. The fact that each book has a new style of writing is something that must be reviewed frequently, but I'm impressed with how well it is maintained.
[# Raise one character from the ground] (July 28, 1884, "Osaka Asahi Shimbun")



Bottom book: "Naito Konan Complete Works 12th 卷" Chikuma Shobo
June 25, 1970 (Showa 45) First edition first print issued
Issued the second edition of the first edition on October 10, 1976 (Showa 51)
Parent of the bottom book: "Megumi Shotan" Kobundo
Issued in September 1948 (Showa 23)
First appearance: "Osaka Asahi Shimbun" Osaka Asahi Shimbun
July 28, 1912 (Meiji 45)
Input: Hitoshi Hamanaka
Proofreading: Tomoko Kanno
Published January 27, 2001
Revised April 21, 2016
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
