Armed city
Denji Kuroshima
-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]
"":ruby
(Example) Dust << Dust >>
｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) One | Hit << dozen >>
[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Numbers are JIS X 0213 area area number or Unicode, base page and number of lines)
(Example) * [# "Yamaidare + Haya", Level 4 2-81-77]
/ \: Double dance character (repeated symbol in the shape of a vertically lengthened "ku")
(Example) Fugo / \.
* Double the dance character with dakuten is "/" \ "
-------------------------------------------------- -----
[# 5 indentation] 1 [# "1" is the middle heading]
Fifty-six unicycles sailed to the pursuit.
Then, I crossed the slum. Dust-colored coolie was pushing it one by one. The axle of the unicycle, which has only one, took on the weight of the huge jute bag "Maatai" and moaned painfully. The other side of the shantytown is the blue tiled Chinese barracks.
The unicycle went from the slums with diamond-shaped sails hidden behind the clay bricks of the barracks. The sail shadow disappeared. However, the axle was forever groaning and moaning.
In the windbreak of the slum in the slum digging hut, the sorghum child crouches as if Mencius would have hidden it in his childhood, and thins the dung. I was messing around with a stick.
Paper scraps, scraps, straw scraps, pieces of glass, etc.-such things were scattered all over the place. The wife of the foot binding is like an old antique in the small thief market. The sullen pain of the face was poking at dust, peanut shells, and watermelon bites, [# "," is mama], and they withered even at the tail of the ginseng. I picked up anything that could be eaten, whether it was peanuts or radish chips, and ate it.
In the opposite direction of the unicycle's throat, a mechanical saw from a match factory that eats white Yang's logs shook the bones. --Forty-five white dew soldiers have begun to walk out of the blue-black Chinese barracks.
"No need"
A group of Western cars 《Yancho》 seeking customers shook around the white dew soldiers from somewhere. The butt of the trousers of coolie was fugo / \. They argued loudly to get customers only for themselves.
"Is it unnecessary?"
The Russians walked with long legs without looking at the group of Western cars.
A long time ago, they fled from their home country to the Far East and fell from Siberia to China. Their outfits, which were only dressed, were already worn and there wasn't even a single band left. But even without money, they have somewhere obtained clothes and cloaks that match their hobbies ten years ago. They wore dirty black fur cossack hats, leather boots, blue rat trousers with loose hips and knees, all the same as they used to be.
The head and shoulders were soaring far higher than the low Chinese.
"How much do you want to get a monthly salary this month?"
A man from Taakoal, a big boy in Chinese clothes, walked alongside them and talked to him. This is Yamazaki.
"I don't get a sentence."
"How much do you want to get last month?"
"Even last month, I didn't get a sentence."
"What was the month before last?"
"I didn't get a sentence even the month before last."
"Pull it!" Yamazaki in Chinese clothes whispered. "Kamaumonka, hit me! That big man, Zhang Zongchang, slammed his fat cheeks."
The white dew soldier suddenly turned up and laughed happily.
They were bought by the Shandong army after the chief, Milklov, sold himself to Zhang Zongchang. I was always straddling the low-lying Chinese horse, dragging my shoes to the ground, and standing on the dangerous front line. Some were hit by a bullet on the front line. Some became sick, one eye, lost their arms and were chased. Some escaped with the scent of Chinese garlic. I had a big quarrel with a Chinese soldier who I didn't get along with.
When they returned from the front to Rossiyabar, the scent of mellow blood and smoke glass had permeated into the body under the skin.
"Burning! What's Zhang Zongchang who missed his lips on the top of the girl shop? Do it! "
The white dew soldier still happily turned up and laughed.
Acacias lined up along the tin wall of the match factory in front of their eyes were spraying the buds of spring for the first time.
Above that, small crows were happily swarming in the sky of the city with the setting sun on their flanks.
[# 5 indentation] Two [# "two" is the middle heading]
The factory was smoldering with the burning smell of dust, sulfur, phosphorus, pine fat, and so on.
In "Hakozume," where boys and girls line up on the work table and quickly pack the head-mounted shafts into yellow small boxes like a magician, the sound of a tongue-in-cheek chasing a cow is constantly continuous. Is happening. It was a sensation that the roots of my teeth were loosened.
Grab a certain amount of the shaft with a head carried from the drying room, stuff it in a drawer of a small box, put it in a labeled outer box, hold hands, like applause. Like the movement, I did it one by one in an instant. Seven or eight playful boys and girls are also enthusiastic.
Chinese people carry small children in baskets, and a little big one walks and sells children to the city. Half of those who bought it for seven or ten yuan were mixed. There was also a childhood worker. The children couldn't reach the workbench when they sat in the same chairs as the other men and women, because they were too busy. I had a tray placed on the floor, and a small desk (stool) was placed on it, and I sat there and clawed it with my cute hands.
They all had gray-yellow, earthy faces. Due to the spontaneous combustion of phosphorus and the glass powder stuck to both sides of the outer case, a black bandage was wrapped around the burnt fingertip.
They and they were forbidden to talk or chat on business until the break from work. They spend six hours just moving their hands, like a mute robot.
Sometimes it was shuffled or shuffled. It is a sound that the yellow phosphorus match ignites in a moment by rubbing with nature. At that time, the children burned their fingers. At the same time, the dirty men were blurred by the light purple smoke rising with Yura / \.
As one person, there was no one who said a word. However, there was a loud noise and a squeaking noise, "Atsuon", overflowing like madness.
Mikitaro was walking around the factory there.
He was supposed to have a whip and a pistol too. Below him was a Chinese man's head, Bato. The handle also had a wooden stick. The wooden stick was supposed to hit the opponent, hit him, or smash his soft hands and legs. However, in front of the Japanese and the sword, the workers who tried to show their diligence by dusting / \ did not need any more sticks or pistols.
He was a 25-year-old youth this year. He was a terribly difficult man, a poor director, and a cave-like man who hated to make Chinese people work better.
Toxic gas containing yellow phosphorus along with dust has invaded his lungs as well as the boys.
――Are you a Chinese person? Or is it Japanese? Recently, the moody manager, who was under the pressure of the Mizunori 《Sweden》 match, had an ironic and harsh look, blaming him for having a habit of having a shoulder on the Chinese.
Mikitaro's relatives have finally become Hero * [# "Yamaidare + Haya", Level 4 2-81-77] << In >>. Also, I thought about this and made a lonely face. Japanese may sell heroes. However, don't smoke like Chinese people. The relatives drank the hero like a Chinese. Like a Chinese person * [# "Yamaidare + Haya", 4th level 2-81-77] has become a person.
"We are hated by our Japanese friends, so I'm catching up, are we also paying from this factory ..."
In fact, Mikitaro was more familiar with Chinese people than Japanese people with mustard. The craftsmen also seemed to be closer and looser to him than to other Oyama and Morita.
"How many more are you?"
He laughed as if he was stroking to Fusa Kokichi, who is arranging the shaft trees in a wooden frame by smoothing the shaft scraper / \. The head of the bunch "Fan" was white with dust. Underneath his flat nose, large, dirty yellow teeth were grinning.
"How many more?"
The "three, three" bunch replied that it was a lid. There are three on the frame trolley "Wakudaisha".
"Do it fast."
"Soon, soon."
The bunch put a clasp on a wooden frame in which small shaft trees were planted all over like a forest. There was a squeaking noise.
From there, Mikitaro went through the immersion point work. The scent of roasting sweet phosphorus was entwined with sulfur and pine fat, and I snorted.
From the back doorway that was left open, a mechanical saw and a shaft base stripping machine 《Jikusoch Hakuki》 were groaning as if they were sharpening their teeth. Koyama, who was looking at the raw shaft with his palm, threw a poi at the sword and returned to the dirty corridor as if to spit.
"What do you think of Yui?"
I knew that it was the one that Mikitaro was in charge of, which was a deformed bone that had a bad head-down.
"I don't think so."
"His job is always a plectrum [# aside from" a plectrum "], so you know how much waste can be produced at the immersion point, right? "
"Not really."
"If you can see in your eyes whether it's trash or not, that's fine."
If you had the shoulders of a Chinese person so persistently, it would be inferred, but even more so, I didn't allow myself to say bad things about my person in charge with Koyama. The axis, the immersion point, and the drying room were under the responsibility of Mikitaro.
"If you leave that guy alone, the day the Northern Expedition comes, you'll be out of control!"
Koyama put out the injured thing in front of his nose and rang it.
When Koyama was peeled off, Mikitaro felt that he wanted to push Yu's ass. Koyama had a mandible rotten by phosphorus poison, and also had his chest affected and coughed in his torso. Yu was a Chinese man who sticks out his nose and hoon, like a fool of a person.
They walked.
"* [#" Mouth + love ", 3rd level 1-15-23] 呀" Aiya "! "
At that time, the small boxes were wrapped in paper one by one, and then packed in a larger wooden box, and suddenly there was a sound of slashing the air.
A fellow worker said that he was a beautiful woman in the factory, but when the Japanese saw it, the flat-faced Hong Yue Woo, who didn't seem to be beautiful by any means, was surprised and withdrew. The legs were weak and thin. The match in the wooden box slipped and ignited. Purple-black smoke spread from the 600-packed wooden box in all directions, like a cannon. Akatsuki 莪, surrounded by smoke, seemed to burn his fingers.
Koyama gazed from here with his bony hand on his mouth and smoke. As soon as he met Koyama's line of sight, Beni, who looked at him as if he was hurting his burned hand, raised his face while holding it with his other hand, and looked around, was still smoking. I turned my eyes down toward the wooden box.
Mikitaro saw the depressed mouth of Koyama's mandible distorted painfully. Hong was still worried, and this time he looked at the foreman with a terrifying look.
The smoke was still swaying, and Koyama was still swaying around his torso.
Mikitaro walked toward the office.
[# 5 indentation] Three [# "three" is the middle heading]
The second Northern Expedition of Chiang Kai-shek, the violence of the poor Shandong soldiers, and the wolf clan disturbed the air in the streets every day.
There was also a person who worked on advertising for Japan to make a name. When asked why he would do it, he replied that he would do it because he couldn't eat it.
Zhang Zongchang, the governor of Thauvin, who does not pay even a single salary for six months or seven months, sees a merciful beggar's parent and child from a car near the castle gate and obeyed. I gave him 300 yuan to the beggar. A man named Zhang was such a whimsical man.
"Tears in the demon's eyes!"
Chinese people also smashed Zhang Zongchang into shit.
The air in the city couldn't help the factory workers.
Yamazaki, who is hungry to make a fortune while he is in China, uses the secret expenses that are allocated as his own savings, and is hungry for M milling, Nikka | I was walking around the company "Hosaikonsu" and so on.
Rather than spending money and buying a piece of unreliable information from Chinese people / \, it is better to get the information of the business association as it is and match it with the report. Yamazaki was doing that. And the money that was allotted was taken into my pocket.
In his pocket was a business card of an employee of Fukutaka Hishiba. The business card of a diplomat of Nikka protein was also crawling. Of course, I got an order for phosphorus fire, never tried it, and never went to buy lumber.
When he came to the doorway of the factory, he flirted with smoke and dust, the filthy craftsman, and the odor of sulfur that lifted his nose, with his long nails on his nose. I have just separated from the Rossiya soldiers.
He was proud that his talk, face appearance, and walking were no different from those of Chinese people. I didn't mind rubbing a runny nose on my finger with a runny nose. He wears a black rimless hat with a navel on top, and wears clothes and shoes of Chinese people. The long nails also imitated the hobby of Chinese people. One of his unnoticed drawbacks is the pointed eyes, where the white and black eyes are too clear. Only this could not sesame the occupation and race. It was different from the Chinese people who were cloudy. The profession of walking from the back to the back with / \ appeared to the outside as a single person.
Conceited Yamazaki did not know his faults. There is an interesting story about it. However, just as he came to the entrance of the workshop, Mikitaro came out from the inside with yellow trash on his nose. Mikitaro suddenly smiled / \ laughed and said something.
"What is it?" Asked Yamazaki.
"It's a very interesting species."
"What is it?"
"I'll tell you right away.-If you say, will you give me an information fee? It's 5 yen. It's only 5 yen."
"I'll put it out, I'll put it out depending on the thing."
"If you don't go, Mr. Yamazaki, you'll be too profitable and you'll have trouble storing your money."
Yamazaki spilled a laugh from his lips.
"What is it?"
"--The earthen fox came out. Yesterday, * [#" Sanzui + 樂 ", 4th level 2-79-40] When I went to the swamp of the mouth" Ronko ", the earthen fox was tsuka / \ , Six or seven people came from the Yellow River. "
Mikitaro started laughing.
The information fee was a joke, and he laughed innocently.
"I ran away by hitting the bike I was riding on. It was Kent's finest."
Yamazaki was biting the bitter smile that came out. Even though I'm talking about important things related to the safety of the nation (?) I made such a face. Mikitaro, who noticed it, gradually became a hard and unnatural laughter even for him.
There, a small mountain came out while coughing around the torso.
The workers who finished the day's contract work began to come to the exit with a faded face. Mikitaro walked to the office with Yamazaki. The worker will be asked to enter the daily work amount in the attendance record. Receive a meal tag. The screaming and screaming, along with the metallic Chinese language, occurred around the desk of the sword.
It was dim around.
"Here, it's still warm order."
Yamazaki glanced at the workers who were in conflict. And whispered.
"On the contrary ... there are some disturbing executives."
Koyama replied.
"Hmm, I don't know if the people who turn around the Sogokai will be moguri-kondo. I don't know if we are Japanese. I have to be careful."
"What, if you're such a mogul, you can easily find out by using the decoy" decoy "."
"But nowadays, I have to add another decoy to that decoy."
"Che! I don't understand why."
Koyama coughed. I spit out sputum everywhere.
The three crawl into the office. It was also affected by phosphorus, sulfur, potassium hydrochloride, etc., and everything faded, and the desk board was corroded between the eyes and the eyes, and it was dark gray.
Uchikawa, one of the friends who sold the old gun of Cho, which was paid for three yen, to Zhang Zongchang for fifty yen, had a melancholy and worried dark face. I was standing by the window of heavy glass. Its face, like this factory, was regularly lumped and dry. This is the manager.
"What, when you come, you're stupid and garlic."
Uchikawa laughed at the stick. Even the way he laughed was dry.
"Thank you. If you can smell the garlic, it will be no different from the Chinese. How is it?"
Yamazaki proudly dressed like Taikomochi.
"If you think so, that's the best thing, and you don't need to take care of it."
"Wa Chinese people are unreasonable * [#" mouth + horse ", 3rd level 1-15-14]" Unhotsungorembusiiyanma ". 怎 * [# Missing upper right of "Public" instead of "Hair" of "Fu", 4th level 2-94-57] Uneven "Sonmobuyan", Naji Yu Uneven appearance "Naal" Buiyan Teyansu》? "
Suddenly Yamazaki screamed in Chinese. It means that what makes me different from Chinese people. But it clearly seemed to be a joke, rather, a way to please Uchikawa.
He was trying to make the promised thing [# "thing" an emphasis mark] from Uchikawa who made a profit with an old gun. I was waiting for it to be released at any moment, now or now. --Mikitaro knew that.
It was really ugly.
He was tense in every sense, like a starving dog without an inn, sniffing everywhere. In front of a newcomer than himself, Koyama, who completely exposes his true beast nature, became a completely different person in the presence of the manager. It became silent and modest. Yamazaki wasn't the human being used by Uchikawa, so he was still untidy and calm. However, it was also deliberately abandoned. From the shadow of the random work, the tone of acceptance jumped out.
If the manager was interested, Koyama was also interested in the politics of the inland, which had not stepped on the land for ten years, only on newspapers. ――I showed you a pretense.
He saw Uchikawa's dark face and immediately reacted to it.
"Rarely, if you think that the economy of him [#" he "is a side point] is better than last year, isn't Germany offering a new weapon? "
"Umm."
Uchikawa groaned.
"How much is it? How much is it?"
I pulled off the mouth of the envelope that had just arrived this morning and looked at it. I looked at it and knew the quantity. Koyama pretended not to know that.
"The red-haired people are doing big business because they are churches or charities."
"The only schools and the only hospitals are completely in their hands. By all means."
"Umm."
"But this time, no matter how elite weapons Chiang Kai-shek came in, even adults would set up a backwater camp. If anything, adults couldn't lose. Isn't it a battle? "
He intended to give one opinion in front of expert Yamazaki. The face became good. Yamazaki noticed it.
"It's for the chest calculation that Zhang Zongchang, an old gun, loses to a new German gun ..."
"I don't care if Zhang adults win or lose. Until then, it's not the responsibility of the person who sold the gun."
Yamazaki without a beard is ironic around his lips, are you guys saying or kneading this? Including a smile like that.
"For the Northern Expedition, the Communist Party, which has left the political department, is still quite serious." Uchikawa whispered. "It's just this guy, no matter how much he hunts the Communist Party, he eats like [#" Dani "as an emphasis mark]. ――What happens if such communists occupy this town? ――What will happen? "
"The Communist Party is the air. Wherever there is a gap, it crawls in everywhere. But more than that, I wonder if the Northern Expedition has the power to row this far. I think it's a spectacle. I think it's the first issue to identify it. "
"Why do you know that?"
"It's money," Yamazaki sneers. "To move 100,000 troops, if it was 200,000 yuan or 300,000 yuan, it wouldn't be an eye drop from the second floor."
"If it's money, I'll pay 4 million yen first and then 2 million yen at Soshokai."
"Well, that's a false alarm, isn't it?" Yamazaki made a sneering voice again. However, I found that I was so happy that I caught a sea bream because the camellia jumped on the faded desk.
"That's right, I paid 6 million yen .... I wouldn't come. It wouldn't come. That's fine. It's fine that Soshokai donated 6 million yen. Don't you think?
Oyama didn't understand why Yamazaki was ridiculous.
[# 5 indentation] 4 [# "4" is the middle heading]
Uchikawa was called Mitsumokukake.
This is because it is both a hard-liner and a soft-liner, except for the Katai big-hearted Rinsai factory.
Of course, the hard faction and the soft faction here were not the distinction between the two in the newspaper. The business dealing with weapons was hard-lined. And the business dealing with opium, morphine, cocaine, heroin, codeine, etc. was flexible.
All are businesses with Chinese people.
Many foreigners living in the wide, wide, and chaotic Chinese mainland had this hard or fluffy job as their real job. The British did it too. The French did it too. Both Germans and Spaniards did it. And on the other hand, he anesthetized the Chinese. I made it look like dementia. On the other hand, it supplied weapons and ammunition to warlords and marauders.
The war, looting, and public anxiety were also derived from it.
Uchikawa was a stubborn, straightforward man. Not only the horse's eyes may have been hollowed out, but also the eyeballs of the earthen fox may have been hollowed out. He was so absorbed in things that he missed even half an hour to cut his hair. I was devoting myself to my work with a sesame salt head scattered around / \ and a beard. I often received encrypted calls to the factory.
No. 3 18 animals arrived at Tsubushi today. That said, 4,000 yen didn't move. Cook with pork nose ten and five eyes. Speaking of which, ten guns and their equivalent ammunition and belongings were sold.
Yamazaki knew such a secret of Uchikawa.
It was advantageous for Uchikawa to double as a factory, even if there were various information, daily changes, and an institution that crawls in quickly so that the incident could be picked up. It has long been a custom for Chinese police officers, railroad workers, and customs officials to squeeze the rich and make a profit. Uchikawa was making good use of it.
"When I came to the factory, I didn't know which one was my main job. If I smoked so much good juice alone, my stomach hurts now."
"Don't say that, you, don't say it."
Uchikawa saw Yamazaki trying to cast a mystery, shrugged his neck as if he was annoyed, waved his hand, and tried to make it tea.
"It's like walking a tightrope on a light business. If you make a mistake, you'll fall and die. You're always sitting like this."
"The people who fall are not you, but boys and other guys."
"No / \ Naka / \ I don't just go, that's just ..."
Any Chinese couldn't spend a day without No. 1, No. 2, or No. 3. I had such a habit.
Whether it's the governor "Toban", the inferior gentleman, the hardship "Cree", or the beggar. No. 1, No. 2, No. 3 ... are codes such as opium, heroin, and morphine.
The anti-poison activist fought it.
The import was prohibited. The drinking was also prohibited.
Speaking to them, since the Opium War, the imperialism of each country has deliberately brought in opium in an attempt to exterminate the Chinese people. I'm drowning in it. However, no matter how much it was banned, the decree was not enforced. Close the mesh of the net.
Even if it is confiscated or fined, bring it in another way. It spreads into the meliken powder, gets mixed in with outside chemicals, and is wrapped around each person's belly. I couldn't prevent it. Yamazaki knew that.
Even if Uchikawa didn't bring it, it was supposed to be brought by someone else.
Even if the Japanese didn't bring it, it was decided to bring it as a German or another foreigner. --Yamazaki found a reason to help Uchikawa there. If someone doesn't bring it and satisfy their desires, the addicted Chinese will growl and die. Then he should be on his side. Rather, the Westerners of France and the Germans were importing a messy quantity of thick, laid-back skin. I loaded a lot on a 6,000-ton ship. Compared to that, the Japanese are too small and honest, like that inland. ......
However, Uchikawa was exceptionally Kechinbo, and was unreasonably unsuccessful. Yamazaki bent his sword.
He knew how much Uchikawa and Takatsu of Bank S grabbed with a gun.
Kouha was more difficult to work than Nampa. I had to do everything absolutely secretly. The Chinese government was extremely noisy. Where the nampa was exposed to fines and prisons, the hard-liners had to put their lives to life. Finding with a weapon is a life-threatening job in China. This was a true tightrope walk. A garbage picker who bought an old rusty rifle bullet along with other trash was casually tampering with it, and was scorned by police and finally sentenced to death.
It was so noisy that it meant that weapons were so important.
In particular, small warlords and earthen men killed people with weapons, but seized them. No matter how much money I paid for a weapon, I bought it. So, even hitting the front of the earthen sword was actually an easy task.
Therefore, 500 or so should be thrown out just to prevent the sales from being hindered.
It was all set up by him-Yamazaki, wasn't it? Uchikawa didn't try to peel it off.
Yamazaki was worried that if he left it too patiently, his efforts would be overwhelmed by the statute of limitations.
However, if Uchikawa kicks him, he will kick him, and he also had an idea as him. If by any chance you try to make sesame seeds with a hundred or two hundred eyes and money, then, at that time, you will be able to go up in the future business at all.
Yamazaki knew what Uchikawa and others were doing. And if he wanted to give it [# "emphasis mark"], he could give it [# "emphasis mark"].
Because he was a native of Japan, he was protecting it.
It was one autumn. A long line of funerals drawn by a long-eared donkey passed through a country road away from the city, still deep in the mountains, to a deep lonely forest with dead trees.
The casket car was pulled by six donkeys. The donkey didn't look good on his small torso and four short legs, and he shook his big head painfully, and all six were sweaty. Steam rose from the dirty hair that looked like it was tiny.
The casket was gracefully decorated with a snakehead and black cloth in a Chinese style, befitting a mourning for the dead. Only one man, who seems to be a mourner, bites a coarse hemp mourning cap, and a professional mourning woman smiles and hangs behind.
The person who died in the town may have been repatriated to the countryside of his hometown.
But to the dead and to the mountains, why are six horses sweating so much that they are still on the flat ground without going to the mountains? right.
Why is one dead corpse so heavy?
The police officer wondered.
It was safe for a while. Ordinary funeral processes should not be pulled by horses, but should be hung on a person's shoulder with a stick. That also deepened the suspicion of the police. However, the two police officers were not the enemies of the seventy-eight strong men who guarded the casket car. And the funeral procession went to the forest and approached the mountain. However, there was still another village before it crawled into the forest.
There was a pool of police officers in the village hangout.
When the mourner of the coarse hemp and the mourning woman who were politely followed were tired, they yawned and laughed strangely. It caught the eye of a police officer.
Therefore, when the funeral procession was in front of the village tunsho, the condition suddenly changed. The casket car was ordered to stop.
The policeman with a gun and a sword surrounded the car.
The canopy covering the casket and the black curtain were pulled down. The lid of the vat was opened. Under the lid was not a dead corpse, but a gun and a grenade packed tightly ...
"Uhee!"
Yamazaki knew that too. Uchikawa is a man who is surprised by people.
[# 5 indentation] 5 [# "5" is the middle heading]
There is a dirty, confusing, loincloth-like town near the Ten Kings of Hell.
Mikitaro lived in a relative's house there.
There lived his two parents, a child without a mother, and two younger sisters. From there, he passed through the town of the open port and went to the factory.
"Is that old man Japanese?"
When Japanese people heard about Takesaburo, whose yellow-white eyes were cloudy, from a Chinese acquaintance,
"What is he a Korean?"
I answered with a despised attitude.
Here, Japanese people thought that working and becoming a * [# "Yamaidare + Haya", 4th level 2-81-77] were national humiliation.
Japanese people know that even if they go to buy vegetables just three steps away, they have to switch to a Western car "car" and get on with a ridiculously discounted car fee. It was.
It was said that the Japanese, who had fallen down, crawl into the group of hard-working people and sell muscle labor, of course.
 When,
"Hmm, he's a Korean!"
From the top of the Western car, I looked down on it without even spitting.
Relative Takesaburo was one of the people who received the contempt.
He couldn't live without the smoke spear "Enjan", the alcohol "alcohol" lamp, and the third issue. He couldn't help but take an anesthetic once a day. When the medicine was exhausted from my body, I struck with a tingling groan. It was like a carp popping out of a vat, and I couldn't stand it.
Mikitaro didn't like his relatives because he saw them.
Relatives could hardly do work-like work. And instead of my relatives, my sister Suzu did. She is now returning to the mainland to bring in three or four ｜ Ponds.
Japanese people usually work on this flexible group. The signboards of bun shops, souvenir shops, watchmakers, antique shops, etc. were literally just signboards. If Uchikawa was a wholesaler dealing in large quantities, they were small merchants. ――There were 1,000 people here who did such a business.
Takesaburo was one of them.
Opium is too expensive for hard work and craftsmen. Therefore, instead of opium, a cheaper, much tighter-dominant No. 3 content was used here. Opium hasn't been addicted to it even after sucking it for three months, but heroin has changed his face morbidly in ten days.
――This also has a main drug and a supplement. If the formulation wasn't good, the sales weren't good. And each of the formulas did not easily tell others as their own secret, like the family biography. Takesaburo failed in various jobs and finally started handling this third item on the first and last trump card. At first, the sales were bad, but I suffered. Even if everything failed, he couldn't go back inland. He has been chased from the mainland.
Even at a drugstore that is said to be an insanely profitable Boroi business, when I tried it, it was still difficult and broken.
"Burning! This time, I'll smoke it for a trial. If I don't do that much, the business won't go well."
When he said this, neither he nor his wife knew the horror of the medicine.
"Don't be stupid.-What if you get addicted?"-Sen was laughing too.
"I can't say such a sullen thing. Why can't I go back to Japan!" He changed his complexion like an old pear as the goods sold better and better. ..
The anesthetic invaded the cells in the body.
He was an ant who fell into ant hell. No matter how much I struggled or struggled, I couldn't help but smoke.
Suzu, Shun, and Mikitaro have only been here for two years since they came here from the mainland.
Suzu is trying to replenish the ingredients from the formulation of "Kaijokai", and sometimes to sell it to the blue-faced Chinese who gently crawls in from the back door with the footsteps. It was.
Shun played with Ichiro, who was left behind by Toshiko. Ichiro is a child of Mikitaro. Toshiko is his wife and his wife who hated home. And Shun used to be on good terms with Toshiko.
When Toshiko returned, her older sister, Su, began to work with all her heart in her house.
It was always awesome to be returned to the mainland to replenish the raw materials. She also did it at risk.
It was much better for a woman to go through the noisy customs and bring in a forbidden item than a rough man-especially a daughter who was still somewhere innocent. For the first time, Takesaburo brought Mikitaro and Suzu and Mikitaro's wife Toshiko from the mainland, and immediately forced them to land on their skin, one seal at a time.
At that time, Mikitaro was stunned for a while by his relatives' shamelessness. With only two brothers, I could still put up with it. However, my relatives told Toshiko, who had only been in April, with a calm skin. He still feels that his relatives are responsible for half of the reason he had to part with Toshiko in just a year and a half. I couldn't understand the feelings of people.
However, in the first session, Toshiko was able to do it well and easily. When my relatives and Mikitaro landed, it was rather troublesome to go through the customs, which was right in front of me. The woman passed by smoothly.
The relatives once tasted it, decided to make it good, and returned Suzu to the mainland again.
Suzu was thrilled to cheat customs within two or three times.
"What do you want to feel at that time?"
Mikitaro, who can't forget the fear of being exposed and his dissatisfaction with his relatives, asked Suzu later.
"I don't feel like anything. I just felt sorry for my dad."
"You sprinkled that powder in a bag around your abdomen-oh, you didn't even see it in the third month of pregnancy?
"That's what I'm curious about. The obi just can't be tied well-but that wasn't the case. But my dad was sorry, the first child to bring to Jinan and then When I thought I had to let the bride do this, my dad was sorry and I spilled tears. "
"Well, I was scared to find it, but now I just hit my mouth."
"Then, brother, do you know that this life has been such a shabby thing since that time?"
"We didn't think it was so terrible."
"I knew exactly .... I know my grandfather is gone, but my mom isn't tangled, and my dad is gone, and I don't know everything. "
"Yeah, I'm gonna say something that you might be able to do later."
After my wife left my child and escaped, the two became tightly connected to each other.
Speaking to a third party, Mikitaro wanted a better wife and threw away Toshiko like Hey shoes [# "Hey shoes" as an emphasis mark]. However, returning a woman who once became a wife was not something that could be done so easily, only with utilitarian calculations. The old-fashioned man had various hesitations, anguish, and crawling. Only Suzu knows that. He fell in love with his sister. The child also got along with her. Suzu was as familiar as a pigeon in Asakusa. When I try to catch it, the pigeon jumps and runs away sensitively at the fragile place of one or two shaku. There was such a skill.
This is the seventh time she has returned to the mainland.
[# 5 indentation] 6 [# "6" is the middle heading]
The noise of the streets and the rumors of the northern felling of Chiang Kai-shek have become more frequent every day since she arrived inland.
The interest of Japanese residents in northern felling was that they spent several years spending several years on the fortunes they had cultivated, the houses they decorated, the rare Chinese utensils they had collected, and their lives. Like the residents of Japan, it was a matter of misery, bloody, and trampled by violent South soldiers.
They were implied by someone to worry about that. They held a meeting with the Residents' Group for that. The two chosen ones went to the consulate to petition. Those who were accumulating a small amount of money, as well as those who lived in the night, were similarly implied and confused about it.
The constant turmoil of the warlords and the series of mayhem made the suggestion even more powerful. ――In fact, there was a lot of turmoil in the town. A Chinese soldier from Junra went to the girls' school to the east of the amusement park during the daytime.
There were two Chinese soldiers. The two Chinese soldiers entered the inn where the female students were boarding and fully satisfied their hungry libido.
However, the female teacher asked the soldier to bow down and ask the soldier to keep it in the house. The soldier demanded money. The teacher took advantage of the weakness. I paid for it.
However, when they returned to the blue-black barracks, they completely dismissed it to others as an honor.
At night, soldiers who hadn't tasted yet came in groups to push them to school. Chinese screams and metallic buzz broke out in the distance.
In the city, every night, the houses here and there were attacked by soldiers with weapons. "Are you here at Necip Uysal? Urgent!" While watching the movie, when someone was called by Kido, even the people nearby who weren't called were screaming. -Oh, is it a robbery again?
The soldiers were in need of food. He wraps his face and head in a black cloth and hides himself in a large bag-like large cub, Taakoal. It didn't matter where it was, it was messed up.
It wasn't a planned one aimed at a house with cash like Hizoku. That's why it was troublesome. Even the poor didn't mind.
When it broke in, it struck the room from corner to corner, like a night hawk, seeking prey, and turned it over. From the hem of the big baby, to the rhythm of jumping up or poking the shin and thrusting the hand into the back of the storeroom, * [# "Koromohen + warehouse", 3rd level 1-91-85] The child "Kuz" has rolled up.
"Oh, soldiers!"
"What do you want the soldiers to do?"
"You can't live without eating soldiers. You can't even write a sentence for Thauvin!"
They couldn't find their true identity and withdraw. "My selfish" Ode Ode "! My selfish" Nide Ode "! (My mon is my mon! Your mon is my mon!)"
At the factory, Uchikawa was enthusiastic about measures against the communist promotion, organizational movements, and the escape of workers due to the turmoil caused by the Northern Expedition.
A merciless lynch was given to a cheeky person who had a bad head.
A man with a wife and a woman with a husband were absolutely forbidden to go out of the gate. Everything was trapped in two dormitories.
The gate was protected by the police.
The police officer refused to introduce anyone who did not have the certificate of the company "Kongsi".
As a measure to prevent escape, salary was not paid. The workers did not receive the one-month salary that they should receive at the end of March and the amount that they worked in April, and they remained as they were.
All their work was a contract system.
They took a sentence and a half of Tonzuru (about nine Japanese gold) in Hakozume, 180 盒. One axle row (30 wooden frames) Tonzuru two and a half sentences, one sentence per car removed, pasting a small box, carrying a graft, and sweeping the garden cost two or three yen a month. They did all the hard work, the dirty things, and the poisoning of phosphorus. The Japanese are just watching with a pistol.
And the phosphorus size was the same as the domestic product in China. The trademark was also Chinese style, and "Daikichi" was stamped on yellow paper. At the four corners of the label, it was written as "Kokusai" (let's use domestic products).
This is one of the slogans resolved by the Japan Exclusion Committee. It was misused as horse / \. ――I see, everything was made by Chinese people. Made in China. Therefore, it must have been a domestic product of China. If you want capital.
It is completely different from Chinese products, using Chinese people who have cheaper wages than importing tariffs, levies, and additional taxes by importing Kobe Match, which has no selling point, in the fierce movement to eliminate Japanese currency. I don't know how rational it is to make "domestic products" in China and sell them in China.
Oi Shoji had been paying attention to this for a long time. It's not just matches. Capitalists used this method for spinning, machinery, milling, oil extraction, and sugar production. I made up for the unprofitable inland where the world was stale.
The poverty of the workers has gradually increased. They just ate a piece of bun "Mantou" and * [# "Fire + Thought", 3rd level 1-87-43] rice cake "Koubin". And I just got hot water. There was no money.
Because I didn't have money, I couldn't smoke a single cigarette. I couldn't cut my hair that became dull / \.
I couldn't support my family by earning and sending money.
Even if their mother, father, or wife, who couldn't eat for three or four days, came to ask their son for a visit, they refused to do so.
There was a son who wanted to meet his parents. I had a daughter. I had a husband who wanted to meet my wife. I had a wife who wanted to meet my husband.
Outside, there were parents and wives waiting for the remittance of their sons and husbands.
Koyama and his friends couldn't meet because they were bothered by the crying after they met.
The sloppy craftsmen went to the barbed wire fenced white cocoon yard. Only a small part of it had no galvanized iron fence.
There, they made a metallic, sad voice.
When the workers screamed like their parents roared, they gently escaped from the workshop and stretched out to the side of the wire fence.
They broke the wire fence and met in secret.
However, the son had no money to give to his parents. The husband had no money to give to his wife.
It was a sad visit.
Mikitaro was asked by these people to tell him to give him a salary.
"Mr. Inokawa." Hongkichi Wang "Wanhonchi" approached Ozu / \ and Mikitaro, who was looking at the immersion point. He is one of the weak and hard-working workers.
"What is it?"
"Mr. Inokawa."
"What is it?" Mikitaro made a face like saying early.
"Mr. Inokawa .... Um, can you ask Mr. Koyama to give you even half of your monthly salary?"
Mikitaro was aware of the subservient and shy voice of King One.
"Now, my wife has come and my wife has given birth, but she says she hasn't eaten for three days," said the king. "Until my dad, I got millet from my sister and ate it, but my sister lost nothing."
"I'm not supposed to give him a monthly salary for the time being." Mikitaro looked embarrassed.
"My mother is wearing the bigger hunger and crying outside the fence.-Both the hunger and my mother are crying."
"Even for accounting and for the manager, what I say has no effect at all."
“…………”
Wang Hongkichi looked at Mikitaro with a mysterious look, trying to say something. He was suffering both physically and mentally. My chest seemed to crouch and I couldn't even breathe. From the eyes of the king, Mikitaro felt a nice, non-resisting thing, like a castrated cow that was slaughtered the moment he was struck by the eyebrows. It's non-resistive, but why am I killed! I don't remember being killed! I was innocently appealing.
Suddenly he
"Okay, I'll tell you. I'll talk!" Exclaimed indignantly.
"It's as if you don't think of you as humans.-I don't mind. Wait, I'll tell you! I'll talk!"
Mikitaro was the newest face among the Japanese in the factory, with the least colonial deviation. Manager Uchikawa, foreman Koyama, Otsu, Morita, Treasurer Iwai, everyone, using their affection for the mainland, longing for a free-spirited land without a bond, going to Korea and Manchuria. Only those who have stepped forward. Eat inland or get caught up in the law. It becomes difficult to stay. Then, first go to Korea. Korea is not interesting, come to Manchuria. Manchuria is not interesting either, I come to Tianjin. Come to Beijing. It doesn't work there either. Those guys were crawling in here.
They were trolling Dalian, Mukden, Qingdao, Tianjin, etc. I don't know how many Koreans were sold for 780 yen because of Otsu, who is always grinning and has a genital-like feeling on his face. .. Moreover, all the raw daughters were "Ajimi" by Otsu and then handed over to the buyer. The hardships of Oyama's club, who became disabled and slammed, will not be less than ten.
Iwai now has a face that saves some money and does not kill insects. But to get the money, he has chosen a means that can be left untouched by anyone, whether Japanese, Korean, or Chinese.
The thickness of the skin of such a face 《Tsura》 seems to be two or three inches [# "Gotsui" is an emphasis mark] They also become difficult to Manchuria because of their own bad karma. Tianjin will be in danger. Qingdao becomes incredible. And I was here.
The factory had a kind of special, loose air, like a detention center, which is often found in places where villains gathered. No one here tried to cover up his bad karma. Whether it was rape, robbery, or theft, he spoke openly about his experience. The human beings who crawl into it feel that they cannot speak without exaggerating and speaking guilt that they do not remember doing. The more he had the experience of criminal records and daring crimes, the more he was able to be ridiculous, afraid of people, and selected.
For those who don't like the craftsman, Koyama uses a cassotte to scoop up the head medicine that is heated in phosphorus, potassium hydrochloride, sulfur, pine fat, etc. and melts in the kettle. Then, I slammed it from my head. When the Chinese saw the cassotte in his hand, he ran away with a tongue-in-cheek voice that turned things over. However, when the workers spilled the head medicine, they screamed without saying anything.
When they got rid of Mikitaro, everyone took the same attitude toward the workers as they did with the animals. For Mikitaro, the craftsmen made black buns or sorghum powder like bettarazuke. * [# "Tue + Thought", 3rd level 1-87-43] Chewed pieces of rice cake "Koubin" and hot water I thought that it would be possible to replenish the amount of heat consumed for working 15 hours a day at best just by drinking sorghum.
It seemed that no one was as patient and patient as the Chinese. I didn't complain. I try to make a lot of money by packing even one match. The contract system provokes and works their love affairs. It seemed like a system devised for that one purpose.
"Stupid!" Koyama was sneering. "They themselves can't even think about whether or not the amount of heat will be replenished!"
Koyama determined from his own experience and was convinced that the craftsmen here were more cheeky and less efficient than Manchuria's hard work. He had experience using the hardships of Aoyamaso at Dalian Wharf. "You have to know that Chinese people are a gangster race. I praised them and did something, that's why I never came." It was a faint tone.
"They don't have any shame. No matter how good I've done, that's not enough. Even if I gave them 10 yen, I'd go to Sheche [#" Sheche "as an emphasis mark]. Even if you give me a yen, it's still a shame [# "emphasis mark"]. Even if you give me ten coins, it's still called Sheche [# "emphasis mark"]. That's why it's an idiot to give them a big favor. ――So, I got it, but at the end, I'm lazy and don't listen to what I say. "
"Even in Korea and Manchuria-Yobo and Chankoro are intimidated by us and are dusting / \."
The manager repeated.
When there were no seats on the train, it was natural for them who got in later to stand up and sit there. Reminding everyone about it
"That's why the Chinese are overwhelming here. After all, it's because there is no Japanese army here."
They have witnessed the stubborn yobos and hardships between Manchuria and Korea, with excitement, being taken away by the garrison's demonstration exercises and their violent force. It was.
They regretted that such a garrison of the Japanese Empire had not come here.
"But everything is a comparative story."
Mikitaro said while trying not to give up the correctness of pure things to the villain.
"Compared to working, the Japanese are far from the Chinese. Besides, workers are used in such a mess and under terrible conditions by forming unions and striking in the mainland. I'm not shut up anymore. "
"I don't know if I'm such a kid.-I just know you, such a squirrel." Koyama despised Mikitaro's insult. "Sometimes we come to China and work like hard work. Maybe we're giving them a job. If we couldn't build a factory on this land like this. They don't even have a way to make money on Zeni. If we don't get on the Western car "Yancho" and pay Zeni, who will get Zeni? What do you like, we, etc. But is there a way to work as low as they are! That's a mess for Japanese people. "
"Why is it so messy to work!" Mikitaro thought. "What a stupid guy."
"I'm getting older, I know you now!" Koyama screamed.
For some reason, a man from the countryside who asked for a mouth sometimes crawls into the match factory.
I hung a dirty futon on my shoulder, rubbed a junk cooking utensil in a jute bag 《Maatai》, and came with it in my hand. In advance, the police officer let Uchikawa crawl into the gate at the behest of Uchikawa. Mikitaro became the opponent of such a person.
Uchikawa was observing the Chinese from the side while Mikitaro was speaking with the pronunciation of the Chinese language course.
The decision was made based on whether or not he was quiet, young, fat, and able to work as much as he wanted.
A young man from the countryside who looks healthy but not beautiful is hired. Instead, the old man suffered from bone gangrene peculiar to the match factory, the employee whose gums had rotted and his teeth had fallen off completely, and his fingers were sore on the frequent burns. The female workers who couldn't pick up small things like gangrene were kicked out one by one. With a clear salary.
Due to malnutrition and lack of sunlight (working from 4am to 7pm), it uses the most toxic yellow phosphorus, which is banned around the world, so even a healthy body can be a toxin in a very short time. I have been invaded by.
The comings and goings of the workers were bald. When one crawled in, one was kicked out. It was repeated many times. In the meantime, Mikitaro noticed that the hiring of one person made the Chinese people in the factory blue with fear and anxiety.
It wasn't just the old man of the bulbul / \ who was about to be dismissed and the people who were glaring at him. The skilled workers who must be in the factory, and the seven or eight boys and girls who are not good at it, are the Japanese who have the right to kill and kill with blue, dull, sad eyes. I looked at him as if he was fooling around.
No matter how hard Mikitaro talked about paying wages, Uchikawa and Koyama couldn't afford it.
"You are two years old, but you are as eloquent as Chankoro."
Koyama ironically laughed with his nose, recognizing that Uchikawa was standing beside him.
"Wages aren't the money we're going to do from here," Mikitaro said with the intention of fighting. "It's money to pay. Labor is a product. Isn't it natural to pay for what you buy?"
No matter how much they appealed to humanity, they were not like them.
"Hmm, you're a Chinese, a Russian, you're a radical."
"I'm Japanese."
Mikitaro felt a violent thing squirming in his chest at one time. I have to do something for these two people! Otherwise, the pain in the chest cannot be comforted. But what he wanted to do was too clear the results.
"If you're Japanese, treat yourself like a Japanese!" Said Koyama. "If you just make sense, you can't make a match."
"I've killed the craftsman, and I can't make a match yet." "Thief! Gambling! ..."
He grabbed the chair next to him. I swung it up while wandering around / \.
However, Uchikawa stood up like a leopard and picked up the chair.
"Idiot! Idiot! What are you doing Inokawa! What are you doing! ..."
Mikitaro was pushed out of the door. Bat! The door closed.
"Actually, he's young," Uchikawa laughed at Koyama, who was nervous and his eyes were angry.
"I can't help it. I'm sorry for his mother, so I'm using that. His relatives are heroes, he's cheeky and useful, but I'm sorry for that mother. De ... "
[# 5 indentation] Seven [# "Seven" is the middle heading]
Huangfengguai barked at the electric wire.
The wind rushing from this direction of Mongolia was felt as if the trees, sand, and houses were rolled up, rolled up, and scattered in the speed of the whirlpool. The sun turned pale. In the smoke from the earth to the heavens, human beings were squeezed into their powerlessness and tinyness. They thought about various things.
China, China, something is happening, but it can't be collected!
Life here seems to be carefree and the most painful. It's hard!
Humans thought that the life they had been through so far was full of flaws. --Some decided that they had to cover it up and live. Some have slammed themselves into what they have done.
Shun was the only one among those who thought about things in a melancholy manner, thinking nothing, thinking nothing, and fooling around with Ichiro, a three-year-old.
Ichiro swiftly asked for sweets with a tongue that couldn't even speak a single word in Chinese, such as "Tenchin" and "Tee Antion."
"Ichiro looks just like Toshiko .... It has a cute nose facing the sky, eyes, and slender eyebrows," Shun laughed happily. She was the best friend of the left 嫂 "Ayome".
"The palmistry that goes through the world is just like that!"
Shun was dissatisfied with having left the palace. The contrast of the dissatisfaction was my mother. Only at the beginning, my mother does a maze [# "emphasis mark"] that is not placed underneath. However, after a while, when Ara appeared, it was completely Kusas. Shun hated it.
She picked up the straw dust from the knitted Ichiro's yarn dress with her fingertips. Then, while supporting the shoulders and walking the child so as not to fall, he took him toward his brother.
Mother was waiting for Mikitaro to close the factory and return. The lack of Suwa made her lonely.
"What is it?"
Mother's face was fidgety / \.
"If you're not careful, the king, Wang, will shut up and take out and sell" Kwaishan Kwai. "
"HM."
"Because I didn't come, I took three yen to fix my shoes, and I should have paid about one yen, but I'll take it myself."
"Well, make a strange face and shut up," said Mikitaro. "I have to lock the extraction!"
Takesaburo, who was completely invaded by No. 3, was no longer nervous about that. The scent of pleasant medicine permeates the body. He lay on a high pillow on a frayed and somewhat whitish red blanket and was dozing to melt. I just devour my ecstasy like a dream. I didn't get involved in anything else.
Mikitaro picked up Ichiro, who Shun walked through.
"The other day, three people were caught."
"Then, it's a bleached neck again."
Shun laughed happily. She was interested in this barbaric way, as it was in the Tokugawa period.
"However, one of the sergeants is said to be a sergeant of the Shandong soldiers who was originally in the barracks of Apatrapya. He escaped with bullets and guns for four people and joined the ranks of the sergeant. You came to catch me. "
"It's fun, it's fun that the sergeant holds a gun and becomes a hizoku.-It's not funny, it's not like it."
"Most of the time, something goes wrong every day." My mother gave a votive candle to the Buddhist altar, which had only a shape. The extract under the altar is the third, secret hiding place. "Why don't you just write a letter to stay inland until it's clear if the Confederates are coming over here? That's a pity."
"Yes," Mikitaro thought a little. "But I think it's too late to write a letter .... Maybe if I were to get on the Nikko Maru, it would be a day to arrive at the port today."
"Is that so."
My relatives were dozing on the red blanket for quite some time. Thick, tin-black, sloppy drool from the lips, dripping on a sloppy blanket. This is a phenomenon that always appears when you enter a state of ecstasy.
"Holiday! Holiday! Rest slowly!" Shun pointed to his father and made a funny voice.
At this time, if even a little disturbing the drowsiness, my father would show a violent fire. Both Mikitaro and his mother kept silent and tried not to make a loud noise.
The skin of my relatives was dark and yellowish, and the white blood cells lost their resistance due to the medicine, and I was breathing like a sick person who had half a leg stuck in a coffin.
"Holiday! Holiday! Slow rest!"
Mikitaro thought that his relatives would die soon. I am in a hurry to destroy myself.
He thought that his relatives had been displaced from his hometown.
It would not be possible for four or five people to come to the colony and fall into the depths of a person like a relative.
No, there may be some. This is where all the people who find it difficult to stay in their hometown come. Let's look back at the one who has been bitten and stuck in the neck, the one who has a criminal record, the one who wants to make money and go back to the village again and insult me! And, those who were indignant, and those who went to Korea and Manchuria, made many mistakes there, and had to fall to a region farther away from the mainland, are coming.
Takesaburo went to Manchuria, leaving behind nine Mikitaro, five, three Suzu, and Shun.
Behind the village, the steep Shikoku Mountains are nailing the sky across the river. In front, there are undulating hills like waves and the rough sea facing the Pacific Ocean. Mikitaro spent his childhood in the village, being excluded from other children. The sun crossed the narrow, blue / \, clear sky cut into the mountains every day. In the spring, the bells of the temple, which is one of the 88 sacred sites in Shikoku on the mountainside, roar over the village with a rusty sound. The pilgrimage passes through a narrow mountain road without pulling a kane. There, Mikitaro was alone to receive beans from the pilgrimage with a small hand, and was dismissed by everyone. The reason is that a relative planned to drop the village council member, the father of the other children, into a criminal offense without confirmation. It came from that.
But was it really unconfirmed, or was the relative really plotting to condemn another village councilor!
The new construction of the elementary school was completed. That year. Takesaburo was elected a member of the village council. It is a self-produced farm and also serves as a peasant farm. It seemed that such a person was not even qualified as a corporal of the sanitary union, let alone a member of the village council.
It was around that time. Relatives had a mouth to speak without fear in front of anyone. I had an eye for the back of things. None of the other lawmakers were pleased that he was struck by the village council.
――About a month ago, my relatives built a gate. I cut down a mountain tree for the lumber. He served sake to his brother and nephew with his neighbors who helped with the drawer. That was bad. "Matsubaya," who was watching it, told him that it was a means of acquisition. It is a custom to serve omiki (liquor) as a sign of celebration that helped to put out the lumber. And yet, it was a slapstick and fine. It is said that it is bad to buy only two bottles of sake later and to drink to a man who came by chance.
The village councilor said crap / \ and immediately pulled it from himself.
By-elections have arrived. The relatives stayed at home and expressed their decency. I was scared to light the house and burn it all, but I had no intention of becoming a member of the Diet. He couldn't stand the resentment. At that time, they were the ones who put up with the futon and slept. At that time as well, when I crawl out from the futon that had been laid down and soaked in dandruff and ate rice, I crawl there again. I spent only three days in vain. However, even though it was good, the peasants of "Matsubaya" voted for their relatives again.
Re-elected. My relatives also got some sex appeal.
Soon after that.
The new construction of the school, which had been underway for two years, was completed. At that time in a rural village, it cost an amazing 30,000 yen. It was Western style. It had a bluish paint on it. The roof is slate-roofed. The ridge was sharp and pointed high in the air. However, the pillars and beams were thin with old wood, and some old holes were filled with wood, and other boards were used to hide the contents. The invisible part was cut out.
The corruption case of a village councilor related to this new construction was gradually exposed in front of the villagers.
Relatives had the intention of being accused of acquisition before. It was true. He flatly rejected "Matsubaya" and "Shoya" coming in as akin to pulling in.
For Mikitaro, everything is jumping like the day before yesterday. He was sturdy, fighting, and had no relatives in the village when it came to the power to carry the rice bales. [# "." Is a mama] I remembered to pick up one of those simple relatives clearly. But it belongs to ten years ago, no, thirteen years ago.
It was March. The flowers of broad beans, which look like inedible shellfish and were planted one by one at the ends of the field, were blooming in a swarm. There was an incident in which my relatives had to be away. Before my sister got married, I had a bad time, and I was doing it. My relatives went to his brother-in-law's house, which is a ship equipment store on the coastal street of K city.
All the incidents got worse while he was away. "Matsubaya," "Amimoto," and "Shoya" were not prosecuted due to insufficient evidence.
Up to 90% of the village was grabbed by "Matsubaya" and the turmoil subsided.
All evidence was annihilated.
The attack of accusation "Bukokuzai", on the contrary, fell from Muranaka toward his relatives. "Shoya" said that the pine trees cut down for the gate were on the mountain of "Shoya" itself, off the border of Takesaburo's forest.
The pine was a tree that looked like the spine of a gate that had just been peeled and shaved.
The relative was a tree thief. Shoya told me to bring the tree back. However, in order to bring the tree back, it was necessary to tear off the roof tiles, knock down the painted walls, and break up the assembled timber. -I made a mistake in the boundary of the forest I own-The deception completely discredited my relatives.
He was fond of the people in the village where the acquisition was possible. And the villagers gave up on him, a thief and accusator, from the head.
One night at the end of August, my relatives left the village, leaving Mikitaro and his sister behind. Crickets were beginning to sing in the grass lawn on the side of the road. On the hanging branch of the old persimmon tree in front of the house, the astringent persimmon was blue and very large. As I passed through the darkness below, the fruit hit my head with a knack / \.
Relatives got on a carriage when they crossed the bridge on the outskirts of the village. The candles in the cloudy glass on both sides of the coachman were swaying / \.
"Good bye Good bye!"
Mikitaro couldn't sleep for a long time.
――From that point on, the fall of relatives began. If it weren't for that, we wouldn't even come to China! After all, he did not give up hope that he would return to the mainland someday. They were one of them, being knocked down by the rotten guys and dropping to Rin [# "Rin"). The subservient guys who are sick of big things everywhere go well! He couldn't sleep for a long time.
The dog was barking patiently. The yellow breeze "Huangfenggua" roared high in the sky. He dreamed that his skeletal relatives, like a big boy, were walking in a Japanese-style house with Hoku / \. The relative went out into the hallway with some thick books. There is a door in the corridor. My relatives fluttered in the dimly lit corridor, as if their legs were twitching. The hard head hit the door plate violently. There was a rattling / \ sound. It's an event in the mainland.
Mikitaro suddenly woke up. In fact, someone was knocking on the door.
My mother cleared her throat. And he felt that he got up and went to the doorway. The door was knocked again.
It seemed that a Chinese person was standing. My mother was suspicious and cautious about who she was. Then I closed it tightly and came back.
"Around this time, a telegram came."
"Who are you from?" Mikitaro raised his half body.
"Now ... take a look."
He twisted the switch over his head. My mother was sleeping and I was scared that it shouldn't be so cold.
"What is this time?"
"Suzusan, Ryojikankeisatsunikouriyuseral, Donata Kasugugoraiseiwokou-Hanakawaya"
"Oh, I was given a sword."
Mother fluttered on the tatami mat. Ichiro, who was sleeping on the babysitter, was surprised by the noise and moved his head.
"Today, I arrived at Nikko Maru. I found it at customs after landing."
My mother turned blue like a chameleon.
"I couldn't help but remember my face at the customs, even though I brought it with me."
[# 5 indentation] Eight [# "eight" is the middle heading]
Mikitaro had to go to Qingdao << Chin Tao >>. He thought about himself. Here, the Jiaoji Railway extends westward from Qingdao and merges with the Tsuura Line to form a three-way junction. I was at the key point.
Mikitaro had to be shaken by a filthy train from here to Qingdao for nine hours, when Chinese people spit and snot.
He left home. No other train is as carefree and unreliable as a train in China. I couldn't get on the train unless I wasted three or five hours at the station.
He knew that the manager had never been given a contraband, often on a large scale, treating contraband as both a hard-liner and a soft-liner. The manager was graciously ordering twenty, thirty, and fifty times as much as his relatives and his sister brought in. And I'm walking with a big swing. Yet, poor relatives and sisters can bring and give only one or two seals. Detained in jail!
The consulate protected only the rich. Only those who do business without money have been sanctioned by noisy rules. Even in such a place, more rotten people are doing more good things.
He went out to Tamaro Street. Tsuchiya, who was pulled to the execution site in front of the station, was protected by the security forces and passed by the crowd like flies and the soldiers with round waists, screaming from the top. There were three people.
The cavalry officer and the round-waisted soldiers controlled the crowds on the street and opened the way. Coolie, beggars, Germans, and Japanese were all making waves on the streets.
"It's a cigarette! It's a cigarette!"
A man with black eyes in the color of Debotin was tied up with his hands turned behind him and hung on the nape, and his legs were locked with a large shackle. Despite being struck, he turned to the Western car "Yancho" in the middle and screamed at the swordsman and the security forces in equal parts.
The black rickshaw husband added a piece of "Hatamen" (the name of the cigarette) that the owner of the tobacco shop had dismissed. Debotin chewed it and squeezed it out.
"What's this cheap cigarette! Idiot! Give me a battery tile" Portai Pie "! It's a battery tile! It's a battery tile!"
The rickshaw was confused for a while.
"Give me a battery tile! A battery tile! A battery tile! Idiot!"
The earliest prisoner hung his head in the blue and was struck down. The third man was drunk with gudenguden, with his elbow joints upside down, tied up in a twisted manner, and on his back, spilling alcohol from his mouth. This would be a sergeant.
The prisoner wanted every item in the store that was visible on the way to the prison, but demanded it. The owner of Pooze couldn't get paid for what he did. Officials did not pay for what the prisoners ate and drank. However, no matter what kind of work the old man [# "father" was on the sidelines], he did not reject the request of the prisoner who passed through the gates of hell after an hour or two.
Tomo was a hero, but he didn't want gold and silver utensils that he couldn't bring to the world. I just demanded liquor, sweets, fruits, and cigarettes. There was also a strange guy who had a good cheek of Yamanashi, which was only one or two or three coins at an open-air store.
The crowd of spectators increased in number as the rickshaw progressed. The wide road, dusty with horse droppings and debris, filled up and followed.
In the square in front of the station, another mountain of black crowds was waiting and moving.
There was nothing like a prison, neither Kamae nor Takeyarai. However, as I approached it, Tsuchiya's expression suddenly changed and became stiff. A roaring, groaning, low, inaudible cry rang from above. The iron lock on my foot rang.
However, only the drunk on the third day seemed to be completely insane, and Gunya / \'s head was steadily hitting the mudguard of the Western car.
"What will happen to that drunk?" Mikitaro thought. "If you get drunk and do it lightly, you shouldn't do it."
The soldiers ousted the crowd. The rickshaw lowered the Kaji stick.
The prisoner on the third day suddenly raised his head. The liquor drips like a drool / \ The earth-colored lips that flow out squeeze and pull. And his eyes saw a mountain of people. It's like the eyes of a dead fish.
"Do it! Don't be scared! Do it!"
He muttered like depression / \. The words have been erased by the roar of the crowd.
San / ″ \ Debotin in the middle, who kneaded the turret and got a turret in his mouth, spit out about one-third of the sucker from his sword over the head of a security force nearby. The suckers stumbled from their hats to their necks.
"Oh, tsu, tsu! Tsu!"
The young security force was surprised and jumped up.
Debotin was ironically, meanly, lying in the sky.
"damn it!"
The three were dragged down from the sword. The iron chain on the shackles rang with a rusty tone. The prisoner did not move.
The crowd screamed at Keshiki [# "emphasis mark"].
[# Indent two characters from here]
Saw Liu Yuchie Pull
Shutei Yupinten
Chunchu Sichunen
Cain Shueta Tonchen
Chan Pei Hai Pien
…………
[# End of indentation here]
Suddenly, Mikitaro heard Su Wu's song, which was ridiculous. It was a familiar military song that even children often sing. When I saw it, Debotin's clay was humming with his lips bent.
"He's in that eyebrow head" Meiroto "(Debotin) / \, he's a fat guy!"
A young Chinese muttered hatefully beside him.
"... I'm still singing. I'm still singing."
However, at that time, Mikitaro was caught up in the feelings of learning Chinese poetry as a Japanese. At that moment, he was struck by a terrible feeling of loneliness. The meaning of singing at the very end is, "The old mother waits for her beloved child to return, and the new wife of Benisho lonely protects Kukei. ].
――Probably that Debotin grew up in a rural area and was able to sing the song from an early age in the southerly wind that blows down from the mountains. Maybe he hasn't done anything wrong. He would have had a peaceful and innocent childhood!
[# Indent two characters from here]
Chuan Yen Payphone Tsui
Yen Jun Han Koan Hui
Pie Fanyan One Altui
Hong Zoan Lee Kong Way
[# End of indentation here]
"Damage! I mean I was a murderer, damn it!"
[# 5 indentation] Nine [# "nine" is the middle heading]
In China, it is customary to drag around the city and condemn in front of the crowd to show off when the earthen lion is caught. Three or four of the slashed necks were hung on a utility pole by the roadside, bleached and necked.
The neck was creepy. One was opening his mouth and showing dirty teeth with teeth. Some were laughing. There was a frown. In the summer, I wanted to have one / \ gold fly on the rotten meat.
People turned away at a glance and passed by without looking behind. Of course, some of the earthen swords were robbed. Some did murder. There are not two or three Japanese who have been murdered miserably.
They pleaded for money from Shocho, and if they weren't young, they attacked the village over the wall, robbed their wives and women, burned their houses, and murdered all the villagers. Every time / \ I did it. No matter how much they were exposed to the neck, it might not be enough for their bad karma. So the crowd, who licked the victims of the looting, were rather delighted with the brutal killing.
"Kneeling" Kuisha "!"
The officer on horseback shouted at the three people who were taken down from the Western car. The three kneeled on the ground as if they were fluttering. The soldier grabbed the prisoner's shoulder wildly.
"Go west, idiot! Is there a way to get punished for that person, idiot!"
The chain rang again. The three were seated one and a half minutes apart.
One fat soldier was doing something like practicing to take off the blue dragon sword from his shoulder and slash the space. Only the blade of the blue dragon sword was shiny / \. It looks like a hatchet.
"Bring the baozi" Poots "! Bring the baozi! The baozi has eaten!"
Earlier, Debotin, who requested the battery tile "Portai Pie", rang his legs, fluttered his tied and loose hands, and wanted a steamed baozi with pork in the skin of Meriken powder. ..
"Don't be luxurious!"
"Eh! Bring it! Bring it! Bring the baozi!"
He shook his head and shouted.
The crowd was uncontrollable by soldiers with guns, and was amused and pushed forward and forward. Mikitaro smashed people with the odor of Chinese fat and garlic.
The prisoner, who was supposed to pull his hands behind him to the nape with his back, was loosened only from the rope. One who drooped his eyes and leaned into paleness raised his head with a bow / \ and hair.
"I didn't become a hizoku because of my liking or joking ..." It was a sad and dark voice.
The prisoner's head and the two local 《Tiffon》 supporting his back shook up so that he could not move. I couldn't move it to make it easier to cut.
"Give me a baozi! Give me a baozi!"
"Again, that eyebrow head" Meiroto "(Debotin) is kneading."
A lady dressed in purple whispered beside Mikitaro. I had bangs. Then, the old man without front teeth behind him
"Do it, do it, do it more! Do it in trouble!"
Mikitaro was poked from behind while being caught in the crowd.
It was Yamazaki. Then, along with Yamazaki, one person, a large bald face on his forehead, looked at him for a moment and looked at him. After all it was Japanese. Nakatsu.
"Are you going somewhere?"
Yamazaki asked, eagerly admitting Mikitaro's handbag that he was holding in the gap between the turmoil of the crowd so that he would not drop it and be trampled by the crowd.
Mikitaro talked about the reason.
Nakatsu looked at him while talking to him, and made a complicated smile that made him like him and made a mockery. This was a gorotsuki pirate who was horrifying the Japanese people in this region. Zhang Zongchang's military adviser.
"Hmm. Hmm." Yamazaki nodded. "I'm about to go out to Qingdao together now. What kind of business are you doing? ... Hmmmm ... That's why my sister is caught at customs. You did that. Hmm, hmm. "
"No matter how exaggerated the business is done by the manager, it's said that he's pretending not to look at it, but he's like a relative, and he's not good at it. "
"Yeah, I didn't have to sneak .... So you're going to get your sister, right?"
"That's right."
"While we went over there, let's get it down immediately," Yamazaki saw Nakatsu. "It's no use if we get it." Yamazaki's voice said that he was trying to reveal it. Mikitaro felt it. At such times, I thought it would be a loss if I had to use Yamazaki.
"Well, I'll do it for free, without any information fees."
And again, Yamazaki saw Nakatsu. Nakatsu had an elusive smile on his beard-filled face. Mikitaro pretended not to notice, especially while feeling that Yamazaki was responding to a joke someday.
At that time, there was a tremendous upset of delight during the crowd. The two regions, Tiffon, who supported the prisoner's head and back, had a lot of hot fresh blood from their heads to their arms. The corpse without a neck snapped forward. The blood that blew out shredded as the heart beat weakened.
"Wow! Wow!" The crowd screamed as the neck fell. "Wow! Wow!"
Some were pleased with applause. This is an emotion that Japanese people cannot solve.
Thirty-four minutes later, the three became vacant in the same posture, the one who was angry, the drunken man, and the debotin who was not finally given a baozi until his neck fell. I was lying down.
From the crowd around, a black wife with foot binding started running with a little / \. A few people also started running. The man was also mixed. After that, I laughed and held the peeled bun with a long chopstick. It was around the time when officers and soldiers were about to leave. As they approached the corpse, they hurriedly pressed the peeled bun against the slashed and shrunken cut. There was no bean paste in the bun. It sees / \ sucks the spilled blood and turns red like a boiled spiny lobster.
"I'm doing it, I'm doing it," laughed Yamazaki. "Chinese people are always a mass of superstitions."
Nakatsu looked like it was natural.
"Even Zhang adults are eating a little / \ he."
"Do you think the tenth wife will eat?"
"Of course, I eat. He's a medicine for disease-free breathing."
"Because Zhang adults are barbaric ... Well, if you see the people in the mainland, you'll be fooled."
The crowd was still laughing and crying. They didn't even feel that the three humans had been killed. It doesn't even feel like a dog or cat has been killed. Mikitaro felt that way. It is only impressed by the caterpillars or Inako whose heads are torn off.
Only the husband who carried the prisoner was ominously mourned. The three Western-style cars were pulled through the crowd without the trumpet. The rickshaw was forcibly hunted. Once you carry a sinner, your luck will not improve for the rest of your life. There was such a superstition. Just as the inland boatman hates loading Dozaemon on the boat. That's why I'm completely angry.
"Don't show this guy, don't show it! Hey, don't show it!"
Suddenly, three Western cars passed each other, and three Western cars rushed toward the prison with all their might. From the front sword, a woman with thirty foot bindings jumped like a fall, and rushed into the fence of the crowd. After that, a dismayed peasant fought to chase after the woman and pull back.
"Don't show it to this guy! Don't show it to this guy!"
The peasant made a hard voice.
The woman shouted something hysterically, screamed loudly, screamed, squeezed the crowd, and tried to approach the corpse.
The peasant is an old man over fifty years old. He struggled to hug a woman like a daughter with her arms outstretched, dodging her legs. The woman threw herself into her arm. I cried while flapping my legs.
"Tora * [#" Two horizontal bars protruding "instead of" Two "in" Mouth + Na ", U + 54EA, 204-Top-19]" Yuanna "! 寃 * [# "Two protruding horizontal bars" instead of "two" in "mouth + na", U + 54EA, 204-top-19]! She burst into tears on the peasant's arm. "The bad person is the master! The bad person is the master! The master has rushed our person so much!"
"Give up, give up! No matter how much you get angry, dead things can't be revived."
The old man soothed the woman. "No specifications! Give up! Give up!"
The crowd was nervous again and began to gather around the woman. She was saddened for the man who sang a military song, wanted a baozi, and begged for a battery tile. When Yamazaki saw him as a woman, he listened to Nakatsu in a small manner. For some reason, Mikitaro felt something that led to his intuition. Nakatsu pushed the people apart and hurried towards the soldiers.
"Isn't that Debotin the boy used by the manager?" Mikitaro casually asked.
Yamazaki was peeling off like something he couldn't hear.
"It's Mujitsu! It's Mujitsu! The bad person is the master! The master!"
The woman was still sobbing.
"The owner of this guy is never a hizoku!", Explained the peasant to the people who came all the way around.
"The Japanese master told the owner of this and sent him to do business with him. He was found by the government and was sacked with him. He gave his boy a business. However, if I get caught, I'm saying that I don't know because the Japanese have already been dismissed. The bad one is the master .... The master is bad! The Japanese are bad! "
A person who treats little by little, whether hard or fluffy, is forced to make a connection with his own blood tax when he discovers it. However, on a large scale, human beings who are doing everything have taken in what they can take in. The blood tax was paid by the boy who was using it. How often a Chinese boy could be arrested and sentenced to death for torture of a wet-skinned whip or a random trial while transporting hard-line goods at the behest of his master's foreigner. I didn't know.
The Mikitaro family is a group that pays their own blood tax. He couldn't help but get excited. Even if it is confirmed that the captured Chinese boy and the foreigner's husband who used it have been inseparably contacted, the foreigner will go to the consulate of his own country. I just received it. Even if the boy is condemned, his husband will only be fined, detained, or preached because his comrades are compatriots. This is the reason why the Chinese screamed for the abolition of extraterritoriality and consular courts.
The crowd surrounding the woman and the peasant was chased by the soldiers who were warned by Nakatsu. The woman followed her husband's corpse, which was carried to the graveyard. She asked the casket on the third sword to hold her husband's corpse, but she couldn't fit in the local Tiffin.
"Now, it's time to depart! It's time to depart! It's late."
The engineer, who was confused by the sights, sighed at that time toward the train waiting for him [# "I sighed" is mom]. The departure time was already over an hour.
[# 5 indentation] 10 [# "10" is the middle heading]
The consulate and the Chinese officials were wondering about Takesaburo.
The police officer at the 7th Ward Police Station, holding a gun and holding a sword, stood at Tsuji on the tree-lined avenue of Acacia, like a picket, watching over the humans entering and exiting his back gate. At night, in the darkness, he keeps an eye on people who secretly come to buy anesthetics.
Suddenly, Shun was drawn to it. She pulled the hand of Ichiro Yochi / \ and came out from the house of Ki no Tsurayuki next door on the stone pavement.
"Why is that standing in such a place?" Shun asked the police officer, with a long neck, to Ki no Tsurayuki. She noticed it for the first time.
"Oh, Mr. Inokawa, didn't you know yet?" Answered the young foot binding. This was a comrade next door and was very close. Hosono squeezed the root of his tongue, to say the least. "He's been standing every night for five days now. Beware of your house."
"What on earth are you going to do?"
"I'm watching over my / \. I'm watching over the people who come to buy Maruko Ones," Hosono sighed weakly. "I'm standing and trying not to let Maruko come to buy."
Shun was ashamed of the business of his house in front of Mr. Ki no Tsurayuki, and his neck turned crimson. She picked up Ichiro and ran into the house. Takesaburo was lying on a red blanket with a polished smoke spear, Enchan, and was about to enter an ecstatic state while looking at the alcohol lamp. My mother was talking to an antique shop on the visiting Satogoji. The antique shop laughed that the Shandong soldiers who had been dispatched to the front this morning were holding an umbrella or hollowing out one of the oil cans and holding a bucket through a thick wire.
"He can't be the guardian of Nushi."
Shun's notification brought fear to his mother. It brought another different thing to the antique shop.
"Human beings coming from behind are blaming, thieves, look at them and look at them."
"But if you're a thief, you'll refrain from doing it."
Mother was obsessed with fear.
"Don't be stupid. Even if there wasn't such a guy, I know the thief as much as I did. Experience."
The police officer was glaring that people would come and go at night when it was dark and indistinguishable. I didn't stand in the daytime. However, the business ended in the daytime.
From the evening to the dawn, I stood up at night, and no prey was raised. However, the lack of prey did not help dispel the suspicions of the police.
In the daytime, Takesaburo took out a balance, a mortar and a pestle, and worked. I was relieved in the daytime. In the third issue, mix various things to make a round child. As a result of being in the hero, the hand holding the spoon shook more badly than the terrible nicotine addict. At the same time as my hands, my legs on the chair were trembling. From the doorway of the double door of the neighbor's house, Ki no Tsurayuki sang a violin-like song with teeth.
His pestle, held in his terrifying hand, also has a creepy mortar and pestle, as if to ease his teeth. Level 3 1-89-8] I was on the side of "Heimen".
"One hero is 3,000 yen, ... One hero is 3,000 yen ..."
The pestle is muttering while squirming around in a round mortar. Takesaburo felt that way. "One hero is 3,000 yen, one hero is 3,000 yen ..." This was a strange headache.
There was a footstep in Chinese shoes. Shun screamed upside down. When Takesaburo turned to the back, a Chinese man with a wide body in plain dress stood. I didn't have time to hide.
"What is that?"
The sword rang under the Chinese prince, Taakoal. It was a familiar police officer on his face.
"What is that?"
Takesaburo was looking at this Chinese man with a sad eye, begging for pity as if he was freezing up.
"What's that guy? Send me over here! I'm going to get it all .... More / \ I'm sure I'll still hide it. Put it out! Get it out!"
Takesaburo shook twice with fear in the hero. The chair was about to collapse to the ground.
Another small Chinese child, a small baby, crawls in there. It was known that he was a companion. The big Chinese hand came to grab the mortar without a mortar [# "emphasis mark"].
"Wait a minute! Wait a minute!"
From behind, Sensen, who was looking at him while he was excited, stood in the next room, repeating the Chinese language without saying anything. She grabbed a one-yen silver coin from her desk drawer.
"Kouyu and other members of the group" Chinningong Yi Foil "."
And she put the ocean 《Taayan》 under the sleeves of the two big babies while screaming / \. Shun was looking at his father and mother who had turned pale. The policeman reached out to the big baby and searched for what his mother had put in.
"It's just this! .... It's already two yuan! It's already two yuan!"
It was a frightening voice. My mother saw her poor father. In the olden days, his eyes trying to detect the bribery of village councilors are now completely helpless and muddy. When the two demands were met, the policeman returned the mortar he had picked up. Then I went home with "She, She".
Takesaburo stroked his chest.
From this day on, he was often attacked by tasting police officers. Hero who comes to buy little by little * [# "Yamaidare + Haya", 4th level 2-81-77] The money collected from the person was taken away by the police from right to left.
His complexion was increasingly lost due to the medicine. The limbs became even worse and bald. I have already become a * [# "Yamaidare + Haya", Level 4 2-81-77]. Even one day, without heroin, he couldn't spend time.
[# 5 indentation] 11 [# "11" is the middle heading]
Anxious rumors about the war have gradually spread.
Zhang Zongchang, who continued to retreat, hit Chiang Kai-shek in cooperation with Sun Chuanfang's unit.
Almost all troops from any barracks have gone out to the front. The absence barracks were protected by a few soldiers.
Futons, floor 篦子 《Chapaise》 and bullets were taken out from the blue-black barracks. And in the city, it was exchanged for money. Both the soothing bean lamp of the sea squirt and the table child "Chios" were taken out to the city.
It is the work of a soldier who protects his absence.
They brought out fishing bottles for wells, stakes on fences, bowls, and tea jars that were rolled up and hung with water. All that was left was a barracks house that I couldn't bring with me. They took off the window glass and floorboards attached to the house and started to carry around the city. I could see such a figure. --The strength of their Ikusa [# "Ikusa" is an emphasis mark] is now known.
Takesaburo's house was refreshed when Suzu returned, as if he had freshly cut fresh flowers.
"There is one cruiser and four destroyers anchored in Qingdao. There was a land squadron with guns on it. When I hit Zudon and a cannon, a gloomy Chinese man was a" demonstration. " What are you saying? "
Suzu talked about this.
Ichiro read Suzu as a parent, like a parent, with a word that couldn't be called "mother, mother."
Mikitaro had Toshiko around this time! I missed it without thinking. Toshiko was barely sick of the relatives of * [# "Yamaidare + Haya", Level 4 2-81-77] and her mother-in-law who blindly respected those relatives. Unless you are in China, you will not be able to survive even if you return to the mainland, neither your relatives nor your mother. It's a crock. That was the case with Toshiko. -Even if his parents were often scorned, he now remembers something nostalgic.
Suzu didn't say anything, but he understood his feelings like this. For that reason, she wants to look back at Toshiko, saying, "Did you see this!", Instead of having her brother go back to her original position again. Was holding. That's why she worked hard to help her relatives' unpleasant jobs. That feeling was also understood by Mikitaro. He thought he needed to convince his sister that he had no so-called hope to be great. In particular, I thought it was necessary to show that I didn't intend to sell heroin and make unreasonable money.
However, the feelings of the two brothers and sisters fit together nicely, as it often happens in the event of misfortune. Su was twenty. And my sister Shun was seventeen. Shun still looks beautiful with dirty things, and it's funny and funny that nothing is happening-it was around that time. Both of them appeared to have no pathogens or wounds in their bodies that interfered with the circulation of healthy, pure blood.
In the way of wearing the kimono, how to tie the hair, and the fragmentary dialect, the scent of the mainland was still likely to be smelled. It was immediately apparent when compared to other daughters born in China and raised in a Japanese school in China.
Soon after Suzu returned, Nakatsu, who had a broken leg to receive her in Qingdao, began to come and go frequently. Nakatsu is a man who is gambling, sloppy, and even if he is on his side, he is awkward to be devoured by his bosom, and he is even scarier if he gives it to his enemies.
He was a kid in the Russo-Japanese War [# "biko" is an emphasis mark]. When I walked, my whole body was sick. It had an inconspicuous, jerky look. Even with the new Dons Chinese clothes, when Nakatsu wears it, it looks like it is covered with dust and dirty.
Mikitaro couldn't figure out why such a man was glaring at me. He replaced the Japanese * [# "woman + country", U + 2A976, 209-top-1] vote "Houhyo" (hostage to catch to get money) who was kidnapped by the earthen sword. I can't do it once or twice. The brutal way of dealing with the enemy had many stories.
When Nakatsu returned, Mikitaro's two younger sisters laughed funny and laughed at Chimba and Chimba, and jumped inside the house.
Nakatsu called out from the outside and removed the gate to the boy King Kinka "Wanchinfa", and when he came over the stepping stones in the courtyard, he saw it from the window and laughed with chimba and chimba. It was. Nakatsu was smiling even when he heard it.
"Hey, uncle, how can you slash or slap people with such legs?"
Finally, one day, Shun looked at his complexion to see if he would hurt the other person's feelings, and cut out with a playful talk.
"Killing isn't this leg, both the pistol and the sword are this hand. This hand is used."
From the sleeves of the Chinese clothes of Dabu / \, a hairy arm with thick and short fingers was peeked out.
"Because, on the day I was walking like an uncle, wouldn't people run away if they were depressed because they were slashing?"
Shun's voice contained a gentle laugh. However, his eyes were tense and poured on the other person's face, like a cat at the moment when he stood up against the dog.
"Well, this is faster than you when it comes to it."
"Yes .-- Uncle. Where did you get injured?"
"Where-that's a long time ago. You're still crawling into your grandfather's testicles."
One time he crawls into a group of Shanzhai bandits, another time he joins the War of Honor, and another time he haunts the suburbs of Harbin, ruining Russian homes and killing how many people. This mysterious, gorotsuki, who may not be, was nothing more than a strange and a little humorous uncle to his two sisters.
He goes to the front with Zhang Zongchang, goes to Beijing, takes care of his neck with a bounty of tens of thousands of yuan hanging on his neck, and takes a bitter karuta against his two daughters. It was. I taught mahjong. I repeated the Chinese language 123 dozens of times like an idiot.
He missed the scent of the inland overflowing in this family and seemed to devour it selfishly.
My sister fell asleep, and I was alone with my father, my mother, and him. Mikitaro said.
"Mr. Cho is really strange .... I'm interested in Su .... And I'm also a little enthusiastic about Shun."
"Idiot." Takesaburo laughed like a wind. "Nakatsu is the same age as me, so it's already fifty-three. What do you do with the seventeen or eight little girls?"
"No, no .... From the time he comes in to the time he returns, he doesn't look at anything else. That's right .-- I know it properly. "
"I'm aware of that, too." My mother shyly said.
"That's right. I'm sure he has a feeling."
"Idiot-what do humans think of their childlike daughter, fifty-three?"
"But isn't it the story that a man gets better with his younger daughter as he gets older? And he's still single."
"Idiot, idiot! What are you guys doing? --- Nakatsu is my sushi. I'm afraid of him. He disobeyed that kind of in-law. I'm not a man who does something ugly. "My relatives have known Nakatsu forty-five years ago.
However, Mikitaro's question was not wrong.
When Chimba arrives, Suzu [# aside from "Suzu"], who was crazy and jumping inside the house, presses Nakatsu's width "Haba" to call the king "One" from outside the gate. With such a voice, I dyed the roots of my ears crimson and ran away somewhere.
Nakatsu's line of sight was sharp and burning. When I met that line of sight, not only did I not be able to bear the twenty suzu [# "emphasis mark"], but Shun and even my mother struck my heart.
Nakatsu shaved his beard blue and combed his dusty, swirling hair, which had a habit of being slightly squeaky, and was smoldering with the smell of oil.
I was at home all day. It is not a little that the murder, robbery, rape, and other guilty guilty people who went up the bandits are attending to their daughters, Suzu [# "Suzu"). It was actually strange. He didn't look like a fifty-three old man. He was, like a ghostly 20-year-old youth, suffering from the charm of a girl.
One morning, Ki no Tsurayuki's dog "White and White" barked as if it was on fire.
Mikitaro woke up with that. It seemed that Su was about to get up.
The dog was barking with a fiery noisyness. After a while, Suzu stood open the window. With a tense footstep, I returned to my brother's pillow.
"Again, Taaku-san, I'm from the consulate."
Her voice was serious. And it seemed that he hid himself somewhere. Mikitaro bounced up.
The surrounding area was strictly surrounded by consular police officers, etc.
The inside of the house was scratched like a trash can.
This time, I was pulled along with a box, a mortar, a balance, etc. of the "Kwaishan Kwai" that my husband Takesaburo had just sealed.
Soon, Nakatsu left for Suzhou, where Zhang Zongchang is.
The front pull did not give him the time to confess what he was thinking about inside.
He departed by night train.
[# 5 indentation] 12 [# "12" is the middle heading]
After sunset, it was a warm night when things looked white and bright.
The daytime miscellaneous 《Rough》 and dust like yellow ash were good / \ subsided.
A myriad of beggars wandering around disappeared into the darkness. * [# "Hanakanmuri / Can", U + 7A91, 211-Top-16] Between the houses of the child "Yaozu", a woman with a flickering ear ring begins to smile strangely. did.
Yamazaki came out between the houses. He wore a rat-colored, S-university student outfit, unlike his usual black Chinese outfit. The warm city looked moisturized. Anxiety and awkwardness became worse at night. Only beggars wrapped in Maatai ​​are not afraid of it.
Yamazaki's eyes were irritated / \, as if he was waiting for something with numbness.
Chen Chang Tsai, who is walking around the city, has not returned yet.
The Northern Expedition Army, who had been arguing that it would be a good idea to push to Xuzhou or Rinjo at best, had already fallen into the Northern Expedition and was approaching Tai'an.
Zhang Zongchang, a defensive warrior, retreated from Suzhou to Xuzhou, Lincheng, and Kashu. The injured soldiers from the fierce battle in Suzhou were abandoned on the battlefield. Not only that, but the other injured who came from the front line in limbs were also buried alive there, at the expense of a sudden retreat.
At Rinjo, he shot and killed a subordinate officer who retreated like an avalanche with a pistol.
Shandong soldiers were oppressed by the Northern Expedition in the south. The north retreat was blocked by Zhang's speech. So I got stuck. Some of them were forced to take a side road on the way, stepped on the steep Taishan, passed through Meisui and Guo stores, and fled to the city where they lived. The other part surrendered to Chiang Kai-shek.
The power of the Northern Expedition Army rises unexpectedly because of the money. Yamazaki recently confirmed that the report of Fukutaka Hishiba Co., Ltd. "Furun Hosaikonsu" that Soshokai paid for Chiang Kai-shek was a lie. It was a businessman in the United States who paid the money. As a result, it was measured that Chiang Kai-shek could penetrate to Beijing by the amount of money.
The United States, which is culturally planning to invade China, has established churches, schools, and hospitals everywhere. Conducted a deceptive philanthropy. I brought a gift. Abandoned Boxer Indemnity. And he tampered with the Chinese.
I'm scared of the Greeks, no matter how many gifts they brought, I'm scared of the Greeks. For non-Roman Chinese, the Greek is a Greek Rika! Yamazaki thought.
The Chinese people put it on the gift. Of course, Yamazaki knew what all this meant for Japan.
"Jinan" is really a key point in the world. The land is located in the middle of the north and south, and the sea suppresses the southern half of the Bohai Sea. * [# "Sanzui + Balhae", Level 4 2-79-40] If the land upstream of the river "Ranka" is the back of Beijing, Jinan is actually the front and abdomen. There is a view of. Therefore, along the line to Qingdao "Chin Tao", there are boys, Hiroyama, * [# "Sanzui + Sanzui", 3rd level 1-86-81] River "Rusen", Zhangqiu, etc. About 1.8 billion tons of coal are stored. In addition, there is a large coalfield in Shanxi in the land of more than 200 miles in the west, and 680 billion tons of coal, which is about 80% of the total amount of coal stored in Asia, and iron, which can be said to be inexhaustible, are stored dead. There is. If Japan tries to become independent in the supply and demand of iron and coal in the future, it will not allow the value of Shandong coal to be ignored, and it will have no choice but to miss the global value of the Shanxi Great Coalfield. ("Special Relationship between Japan and Shandong," p. 19)
Yamazaki, of course, knew this.
"Manchuria's special interests are what Japan has cultivated at the expense of expensive money by investing huge amounts of money. We need to defend this until we get tired of it. In some cases, even if we abandon Shandong, Manchuria's special interests Profit must be retained until the end. Manchuria comes first, Shandong comes later. For Manchuria, we have to contend for national power, but Shandong has to endure to some extent. There is something to argue about. Of course, Manchuria's heaven and earth are vast, its interests are widespread, and the advantages and disadvantages of all the stations are extremely serious. The communist diving movement has now completely infiltrated Central China and is now in a state of being a witch in the north and Manchuria. Shandong is a barrier to Manchuria and of great value. It has. There is Shandong, and Manchuria can be safe. Situation and Shandong, in its geographical superiority, in its military value, its Yellow River basin infinite wealth in the rear zone In terms of embracing, we cannot forever leave it out of the sphere of influence for national defense and national life. For US capitalists, the flooded areas of the Yellow River are already suitable for flower cultivation. Focusing on that, we are proceeding with the investigation. If we were to obtain the production of sardines in this area, it may be time for Japan to avoid asking for the import of sardines from the United States. For Japan, Shandong Japan will not be able to achieve independence between iron and coal in the future if it loses its predominant position as the main character of the country. Under the policy, it will be incapable of leaning toward the fall on the day of national luck. Except for Manchuria, there is only Shandong. For the past ten years, Japan has paid a huge amount of capital and a noble sacrifice (Japanese-German war) to develop Shandong's resources, and in fact, the investment amount of Japanese people is about 100 million. It will reach 50 million yen. We must take it for granted that our compatriots will defend, develop and secure the economic foundations that have been cultivated beyond the pain of grain. " Calligraphy, pages 31 to 32)
Yamazaki, of course, knew about this kind of thing. What does the American tactics mean for that? If you are a Japanese, you should be nervous immediately, if you don't say it.
He was ambitious to outsmart his colleagues.
This kind of thing is already in the book. It's something that everyone can do. However, no one knew about the more specific facts in this land. And that's important.
He was planning to go there using the Chinese Chen Chang Tsai, which he recently obtained from Nakatsu.
[# 5 indentation] 13 [# "13" is the middle heading]
It was getting dark at night.
The streets of people became sparse.
However, a noisy turbulence is taking place in the corner under the night sky where this star is twinkling. The noise came from nowhere, swimming in the air.
Yamazaki came and went on the street where the leaves of acacia grew and the flowers like white wisteria smelled mellowly. He was in a bad mood. I'm in a bad mood because Chen, who should go out with me, hasn't come back yet.
Under the acacia tree, with a long bamboo pole with a key, the children turned their heads up so that their shoulders stiffened to tear off the white wisteria-like flowers in a dim streetlight. The children were hunting for the hanging flowers from day to night. They pluck the flower and eat it.
The branch was caught in the key and broke with a pokin.
"You can't even fold the branches!"
Children who are hungry eat flowers and prepare their stomachs.
"Hey, Mr. Yamazaki!"
Yamazaki was thinking about something else with a somewhat surprised scream, and was shocked. When I stopped the Western car, a small mountain of Fukuryu Hashiba "Frunhosai" came down. In the factory, Koyama, who was horrifying and selecting the workers, had his chin dropped when he went out to the street, and his chin was crunchy and his core was dependable.
"The Shandong army has been defeated terribly." Koyama couldn't say Sashisuseso clearly. The canines that supported the dentures due to bone gangrene fell off, and the incisors of the lower jaw came off. "Even that brave Kosyakku cavalry escaped."
It is Koyama's enthusiasm that it is not another person's affair.
"In this situation, communism will come to this point." He said that it was really important, and said, "I have to ask you to send an army to the inland. Not only the property and the factory, but also the head and the cock will be torn off! "
"Have the Rossiya soldiers retreated now?"
"Yeah, yeah, after all, I walked in from the Guo store (where I couldn't say [#" emphasis mark] well). It seems that half of the horses were killed on the way because they had a lot of horses. ――I'm coming now. Somewhere like this, there's a guy who's pushing Chiang Kai-shek a lot. I'm glaring at you. "
"If I don't get up and send a telegram tonight, I'll be ahead of the others!" "What will Chen do?" He was annoyed. "No matter what, it's midnight. It's late tomorrow night. Someone will be killed by someone outside."
As the situation became tighter, 56 of his colleagues were coming in from the people towards here.
2 | On Umaji "Maru" street, there was a turbulent, dull, lame-like hoof sound. There are many lameness.
"Sora, it's coming. It's coming."
Said Koyama. Then I started walking toward the sound.
Eventually, after a few minutes, a stubborn, messy, white-roofed soldier straddling a Chinese horse sank, dragging his boots to the ground, dripping in the light of a dim streetlight. Appeared.
"These guys are much stronger than the Chinese soldiers."
Koyama said regretfully.
The people who had lost their horses were dragging their legs while pulling the lame. It was choppy, choppy, distant, and even towards the street in front of the station. It is said that some people got lost somewhere on the way.
The lack of monthly salary, food shortage, and Zhang Zongchang's forcible battle made him lose his fighting spirit. They are the ones who fled over Taishan. Some of them. It was like a leech that had been eaten with salt. At / \, I lost all my thinking, observing, and gripping the Guntō, and I was walking inertially. If I stop, I'm likely to hit there.
"These guys are much stronger than the Chinese soldiers," Koyama repeated. "It's only a matter of time before they fall, if they seem to run away."
At that time, on the street of Acacia trees on the other side, a browning sound was heard, and someone rushed across the messy line of white dew soldiers. Then there was another gunshot. Yamazaki and Koyama stopped involuntarily and were surprised. A man running away rushes towards them. Therefore, the muzzle is also directed in the direction in which the two are standing. I felt at the moment.
The exhausted white dew soldier was indifferent to the gunshot. I didn't even shake it.
The man who rushed came in front of them immediately. When Yamazaki came to the front of his eyes, he realized that it was Chen Chang Tsai.
"What are you doing, idiot!" He yelled at me.
"What did you do, ever!"
Chen swiftly jumped in front of Yamazaki and, like a monkey, sneaked into the narrow, dark circle between the houses [# "Roji" as an emphasis mark].
"Stupid guy! He really has no specifications! Damn it!"
"Are you the one you know?"
Koyama asked.
"Hey, he's a guy in his hand. He's using it, but he's a humorous guy, and he's been sick for two hours."
Chen Chozai was a very necessary person for Yamazaki at present. It is said that he was originally a wharf in Shanghai and had a hard time with Cree. Nakatsu is a man who came back from Qingdao and brought him to Zhoucun.
Nakatsu called Chen, and if he had a fish heart, he would be a water heart. I'll do that much. However, I wouldn't put it alive if I did something that betrayed me and my brother. I spent a few words saying that I wouldn't keep my mother alive, not just you.
"I think he was a Confederate spy until yesterday, but today he's the kind of guy who's going to lie down here [#" Because he's a guy "is the bottom line," Because he's a guy. "] .. Nakatsu cautioned Yamazaki. "I'm limited to paying only a little / \. If I give him the advance payment, I'll be out of hand. You need to squeeze this guy all the time."
Then again
"You can't really trust what he says. It goes without saying that if you think that Chinese people can even make money, you can't do anything. [# Emphasis mark on "Netsu"] Because he is the one who builds and brings it. "
"Um, I know, I know," Yamazaki replied.
Chen had obtained such important evidence from somewhere, such as the invoice for the weapon sent from Germany, the photograph of the site handling it, and the receipt of ammunition. In other words, even the passports to foreign countries, which should be issued by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, have been properly stamped with the correct stamps. Therefore, even if you don't have a passport in Japan, you could even make it to Russia by Chen's hand, as long as you masquerade as a Chinese and give it the name of China. There was no mistake in writing the endorsement of the consulate. interesting.
"Don't do it again!"
When walking with Yamazaki, a strange man suddenly smiled at Chen and went too far. In a day, two or three met such a stranger. This man seemed to stick his neck everywhere.
"Who is it now?"
"Well, what's that guy, when he was on the junk, he's going to get rid of the boat he worked with. That's why he's making a lot of money now."
"You often meet acquaintances, but how many acquaintances do you have?"
"There are only a few, but if you know your face, there should be 300 people."
"Stupid guy! There are only a few 300 people ..."
No one was as agile as this guy in seeing people's pockets. It was more agile than pickpockets. In that respect, Yamazaki himself had to be cautious. Having a lot of money in China means having more chances to get rid of Zudon.
Chen went north with Chiang Kai-shek to find out about the Confederate spies who came in and the sardines. So, from a person who has money, he suddenly escaped, whether he tried to sneak the money and failed, or whether he was so clinging to the stool corps that he seemed suspicious and was fired. It is.
[# 5 indentation] 14 [# "14" is the middle heading]
Approximately two hours later, the two were driving a Western car to S University in Joto.
The university has just become the home of the courier corps that was active during the clash between the Japanese and Confederates. Japanese soldiers were struck by the stool corps. It was the same as a partisan. As soon as they jumped out of their plow, they fled to a safe zone.
Three thousand general graduates chased the courier corps in a holistic manner. However, none of them could catch the real one.
They were dressed in the same way as ordinary good people. To the soldiers, all Chinese looked the same. The safe zone was an American school.
Yamazaki heard from Chen that it seems to be the case. Then, I decided to crawl into the nest of the stool corps and see it. The report of Chen Choi is not reliable up to 70%. However, the intuition that only this was true made Yamazaki. He decided to pinpoint it and send a telegram tonight. If he can do that, he will get out of the Holy Grail. Another thing, words, clothes, and hobbies are exactly the same as Chinese people. He doesn't realize wherever he goes. I thought. I wanted to test it for sure and put it with confidence.
Then, one more thing, such a racy trick is rather a pleasure for him. -He thought this must be one of the seeds of my boastful story of my life.
Go to the enemy's position, and also to get into the base of the courier corps. This must be one of the proud achievements of a lifetime!
My life is yet to come. Still / \ I'm going to do my real job. Human beings are still looking forward to the future, whether they are in their thirties or forties. However, at this time, Yamazaki is now doing a real fruitful job in his life. It's not the future, it's the present! I felt it.
Chen Chozai explained how he was shot. then,
"Isn't it smarter to stop the acrobatics of such a violent tiger leopard?" "Ah, their dash is pretty good this time."
"No, I'm going," Yamazaki once said. "Call a Western car. The more dashing they are, the more I have to go and check."
"I regret that I should have come after being hit by Zudon, so I can't catch up anymore."
"I know!"
"Wow, because it's a life-threatening job, I'd like to have a lot of money.
"You say you're willing to pay as much money as you want. You just have to go well."
Yamazaki had been wearing school uniforms since a while ago. Chen also wore school clothes.
On a strange road with a lot of gravel and uneven cliffs, Western cars could only go slower than walking. The two got out of the car. In the darkness of the lonely suburbs near the university, Hirai felt a sign of someone moving.
"Is it okay?" Chen whispered.
Yamazaki didn't think he was scared at all. Even so, my legs were terribly weak and withered. He feared what happened only to his legs, and if he walked for 56 minutes, he wouldn't flutter.
"呀 怎 * [# Missing in the upper right of" Public "instead of" Hair "in" Foot ", 4th level 2-94-57] Completed" Yason Mochora ", * [#" Ninben + 爾 ", Level 3 1-14-45] << D >>! (Hey, what do you want to do ...) "
Maybe, as soon as I passed by because I was heading for a narrow road, a human shadow called out. However, halfway through, he seemed to realize that he was wrong, so he cut his words and looked back suspiciously.
"Chuntonshi" (stupid guy!) "Chen Chozai screamed without looking back.
I felt that people were still moving near the road, where shrubs were growing as tall as my body. It seems that the night is getting colder.
I passed by the side of the first school building. A bonfire was visible between the 3rd and 4th school buildings of the hook type, which was wrapped in the acacia planting on the other side. The powder of acacia leaves with young shoots was dyed red by bonfire.
"Are you scared?" In the event of an emergency, Chen Chozai, who was convinced that he was the only one, whispered coldly. "Idiot! Don't talk about anything!"
Yamazaki scolded him seriously. At the same time, there was a Chinese voice between the trunks of Acacia, "Who will come there?"
The state of holding a pistol in his hand looked like a bonfire burning in the distance.
Be careful. If the other party starts, it's a rash, brute! Thinking, Yamazaki did a hand on the browning of the waist.
"Is there Taft-sensei?"
Chen asked while walking. A black shadow approached from between the acacias to confirm his face.
"Who are you?" Said Kage.
"I'm a student in the normal department."
"Name is?"
"I have an appointment with my teacher tonight," Yamazaki screamed from the side in Chinese. "Students crawl into school, why are they complaining!"
When he passed through the gate like a picket and entered the school around the fence, he was hidden behind Chen Chozai and was left behind so that he could not be seen from the bonfire.
Chen didn't seem to be afraid or obsessed at all while getting into the nest of this stool corps.
The two proceeded toward the dormitory. I think he has some contact with the Confederate guy. Suddenly, Yamazaki doubted Chen. If you give him money, he will speak anything, but in the unlikely event, he will go away. I think that's the kind of guy.
There was a lot of lights in a dark room that was properly separated. The story of Chinese was missing.
The two passed under the window and turned into a dark corridor. When I went out to the other side, the entrance to the room was open. I heard the sound of gacha / \ ringing the gun and counting bullets. Apparently not a college student. A Chinese man in black was imitating indoors, bending his left elbow horizontally, holding a pistol on it, and aiming to shoot.
The man pulled the pulling iron 《Hikigane》 with a click.
"hit!"
However, it seemed that the bullet had not crawled in and did not fire.
"Oh, this is a mess of Rossiya's bullets-both of them are sharp."
The guy counting the bullets started laughing.
"Because Rossiya receives the enemy on her stomach."
When they noticed Chen and Yamazaki standing at the entrance, they suddenly gazed at their mouths and looked at them with a suspicion.
"Ya"! After dinner * [# "Mouth + Horse", 3rd level 1-15-14] "Zhuang Fan Lama"! (Let's go tonight.) "
Yamazaki stepped into the room casually. At that time, he felt that Chen laughed at each other with his eyes with the Chinese in black.
A young man with an Ina [# "Ina" sideline] head, who was messing with his weapon in the dark corner, listened to his voice and purposely came in front of others and stared at his face. saw.
"Which one did you come from .... Isn't it true that Shanghai is in a very booming economy?"
No one answered anything. They looked at each other with their eyes and kept silent. Yamazaki regretted that he hadn't talked much, and heard the screaming blood that pushed his heart.
In the room, about 20 guns and a pistol crawling in a box are placed beside the pile of old shoes. On one white wall, there is a poster in which Giichi Tanaka, who has stepped on a map of Japan and Korea on both feet, tries to grasp Manchuria, Mongolia, and the Shandong region with his long hands with devilish claws. , Two sheets are pasted together.
"Chinese" Tungoren ", Asymmetric Heart" Butishin ", Japanese Demon" Ribenkui ", Tatsunoshin" Chinkeesin "."
It is written next to it.
On the wall above the other window, there is a cartoon of Zhang Saku Kasumi who robs and rapes the people and sells the country, and a poster calling the Communist Party and Soviet Russia "Communist Party" and "Red Imperialism". Behind the shadow of the rape, it was lined up with Bonyari. This is something I've already seen around Shanghai.
The United States is already wearing this ambition too much. Looking at the poster, Yamazaki felt.
In Manchuria, Mongolia and Shandong, if this is not taken, the United States will take it instead. Americans are looking at China, which has almost no organization, with labor wages similar to animals, and unlimited raw materials. I'm trying to bring a big factory and a big bank. I'm trying to make all Chinese slaves into wage slaves.
"Did you come here to buy a girl so late?" A Chinese man with a humorous face, who had a low blame, laughed with his eyes down.
Yamazaki answered with a laugh from here as well, and asked Chen Chozai how about going around to Mr. Taft. Then
"Mr. Taft, Mr. Taft!" Repeated one young man with long hair. "You guys, do you have something to do with Taft-sensei?"
"I have an appointment to visit you tonight."
Yamazaki hesitated / \ spoke the word.
"Hmm, mu. It's time for Otsuke-sensei to come from the second floor."
"Well, that's why I just came to that place."
He was too good at speaking Chinese, and he spoke the opposite, which he didn't even have in mind. He didn't know Taft. The most troublesome thing is that Taft can come to this place.
Chen, along with the Chinese people there, sat down and asked how many people came from Nanjing together, how many people are expected to come later tonight, and how much monthly salary they are getting.
Yamazaki put out a front gate 《Chenmen Pai》 (name of cigarette) and played a match. ――If this one burns, let's pull it up. He was happy. It takes five minutes for one front gate to disappear. In the meantime, he felt that Taft hadn't arrived yet. The rationale for a cigarette as a safe time came entirely from superstition. But once it was decided, it was done. Yamazaki was such a person.
When he lit his cigarette, he put out a bag of front gates with his mouth cut in front of those who were there, but no one except Chen was willing to get it. The long-haired man, from his toes to the hair on his head, glared relentlessly, and once again asked Taft-sensei what he was doing.
While feeling hostile, Yamazaki exhaled the smoke he had inhaled into the story, as if he had been deprived of the story of Chen Chozai, who had been dispatched to Japan. I took. No matter how much the Japanese army came, he laughed that he was heading for the cow car [# "Toro" as an emphasis mark] in front of the upcoming Northern Expedition Army.
"No matter where that demon came, I wouldn't go home without eating people." Ina [# "Ina" is a side point] The young-headed guy hatefully said.
"No, that ... (I tried to call it a demon, but I couldn't call myself a demon) The Japanese army is strong only when it comes to the army in regular clothes. No matter how much the Japanese army can handle us, Yamazaki asked. No one suspiciously agreed.
Cigarettes are running low. While casually laughing and speaking, his ears often worked morbidly towards the sound of shoes coming from the corridor Taft. He seems to jump up to the sound of Chinese people fluttering / \ walking.
"Now, let's pull it up." I thought about the cigarette, which was about five minutes, while erasing it with my feet.
Chen quietly pulled out the story of Chiang Kai-shek receiving 20 million yen from the United States. This time, there are only German military advisors, and it seems that Japanese people are not even allowed to visit, but it is true that the United States is hungry to pay more money to the Northern Expedition, 20 million yen. Aside from the poor Japanese, I started talking about how ugly it would be in America.
The 34 people who went to the dark corner whispered something suspiciously.
Yamazaki thought that he was not only suspected but also found out. He went to the entrance, feeling that Chen would stop talking or stop talking, feeling that one minute was about ten hours long.
He listened to the footsteps of the dark corridor. Far away, from the second floor, I heard the sound of shoes coming down the ladder. Chen is still laughing and talking laughingly. Apparently the shoes are coming over here.
He went out to the corridor, saying something to Tachen, with almost no time to think about anything. In ten seconds, my feet jumped in the air to the corner for about fifteen. There he stopped. Chen didn't seem to come out.
Yamazaki is chased by Chinese people. As expected, I waited for a while. Chen finally came out, laughing intimately and funny. Then, the Chinese people collapsed with Doya / \. He was relieved. There was a roaring sound somewhere.
Five seconds later, it was known that a truck loaded with weapons had arrived at the schoolyard.
The people who were on the bonfire and those who were in the room put in the weapons that were taken down from the car.
Chen and Yamazaki were standing on the grass with dark night dew and watching it. Taft-like, blameless, nasal, Americans were using Chinese to give some instructions.
Weapons were loaded on a large truck.
"Hey, hey, I don't have a stake. It's okay. You guys come and help me."
Suddenly, a man with a high nose found two school uniforms and called out to them.
"Okay."
Chen jumped out casually.
Yamazaki was funny, and while laughing, he became smaller and pulled back.
"This is a war anyway!" He whispered to Chen on his way home. "But tonight, I'm grateful to you. Now I'm completely credited ... what a nice little boy!"
"Kin no Kota, can't you forget it?"
Chen was excited and calm.
"Um, hey, I'll forget it. I'm sure it's going to be sick, but anyway, this has to be a war ..." he thought. "This is not a war between the Confederates and the Japanese. This is a war between Japan and the United States."
[# 5 indentation] 15 [# "15" is the middle heading]
This place was crushed to fall sooner or later.
The so-called "economic foundation pioneered after the hardships" will be attributed to the blisters. Residents were made to think that the house, the comfort chair, the decorated table, the gramophone, the antiques, and the safe would all be overrun by the looting of the Narazu South soldiers. There are many cruel communists among the South soldiers. There was a rumor that the good people were skewered and they were leaving the graves along the way.
The stop was crowded with evacuees to Qingdao who carried as much luggage as they could carry.
A seven or eight boy had a large trunk that would allow his body to crawl into it. A pregnant woman wears a double-folded Yanagi Gouri, which is more bulging than her belly, to a Chinese boy, one on her shoulder, one on her shoulder, and on her shoulder. I was out of breath and came over. The carriages of the inferior gentlemen, who piled up boxes and bags like a pile, will be sought after later.
Prices reflected the movements of society in detail.
Their upset and the state of the city were clearly told by prices. The Bank of Communications, which had maintained the market price of 12.30 yen in gold votes against 10 yuan, and the Bank of China's Ocean "Taian" banknotes fell into disrepair. From eight yen to seven yen and five yen, foreigners (including Japanese) no longer receive Chinese banknotes. The Shandong Provincial Bank of Zhang Zongchang has collapsed. Handguns, gold, silver, gold votes, groceries, carriages, and car fare have risen steadily. Some even bought and sold a pistol for 858 yen. Expensive chairs, tables, mirrors, and silk fabrics are no longer given to anyone.
At the same time, the turmoil of society was reflected in the actions of countless workers. Factory workers-male and female-no fear of street hardships or 340,000 beggars with the director's whip and pistol. The policeman with a gun and sword is Scarecrow.
The factory owner kept the workers together by continuing the tactic of slightly non-paying wages (at any factory). That was finally. The workers crawl into a state of neglect.
Around the same time as the courier corps, Communist Party members sneaked into the city. The rumor that ―― has become noisy. There were rumors that he was trying to riot by distributing weapons to the workers.
The rules and orders decided by the factory owner were not made into a tender problem.
At such times, the craftsmen will be provided with favorable conditions for demonstrating their great power by themselves. I felt that way.
The match factory workers were already drowned as much as they could. I was more patient than I could be.
One evening, five representatives were given. Requested immediate, full payment of salary.
Wang Hongkichi 《Wankouchi》 was also the representative. The twisted Yuirison, who has a bad head, was also the representative. The king did not hear from his wife or old mother who gave birth.
The lack of news made him even more anxious.
The workers were trampled by being ridiculed for a long time.
Some or dozens of people were poisoned by the most violent yellow phosphorus and rotted their lower jaw.
Seven or eight childhood workers rotted their soft bodies in less than a year.
And, just with the salary, it was put out.
A child bought by a trader for 10 yuan or 8 yuan could not even get a salary.
They worked.
I had to work and have my parents and wife both.
They were afraid of whips, like castrated bulls.
However, to be afraid of whips forever is to be a slave forever.
The boy worker who missed his parents' house escaped in the dark one night without getting a salary. The child, who had been bought forever, had no house to escape. At the dormitory, I was lonely and silent with tears.
Five people, including Wang Hongkichi, crawl into the office in the evening.
I had to get my salary no matter what. That's natural!
Treasurer Iwai and employee Koyama refused from the head, "What's up!" They played a savage eater. The manager does not run away, leaving the worker unskilled in his salary. Until I receive it, I will devote myself to my work as if I were flattering. --I didn't change my view of Hirao.
For Chinese people, money is more important than life. If you give me money, I'll do it on my neck. This was his way of thinking.
The five representatives pulled up. The two dormitories were full of terrible stigma. A meeting was also started there.
The craftsman planned a stalemate (if Koyama's words were used as they were). From the dormitory, the metallic, angry voice of the craftsman leaked loudly toward the office.
"What are you doing / \ making noise?"
When the boy in the company house, who had been searching for the situation, returned, Koyama screamed as if the boy was irresistible.
"If you can't get wages, you can't get wages." Liu, who has been used by Japanese people for eight years and can speak Japanese, screamed as if he had done something wrong.
"So what do you do?"
"That's why I can't go.-I can't go, I'm a worker, I have an idea." The workers were planning to occupy and manage the factory by violence. Sell ​​the product and get the monthly salary from it. The Japanese knock out from the gate. The policeman who protects the Japanese even though he is a Chinese is beaten to death!
"Don't be stupid!"
Koyama screamed. Liu jumped / \.
"Let's do nothing, eat rice from the factory, and get rid of it.-Beggars and parents can get rid of them, raw radishes, carrots ass. It's okay to take it! Although it's a beggar-like life, it's intimidating! "
The worker was worried that he would run away if he handed over the wages. And after that, there is no substitute for skilled workers.
In order to appease his minions, Lee Ranpo 《Relamp》 of the handle 《Batou》 who spoke enough words was pulled up.
"This is absolutely useless. There is nothing I can do about it," Lee said. "I was paying only half of it. Otherwise, I wouldn't be able to get rid of it. At this time, they wouldn't be able to buy anything unless they had cash at the time."
"Damage! You too will be around with them."
"Mr. Koyama, I don't want to be misunderstood." Lee interrupted in a hurry. "I don't want to be misunderstood!"
"Yagare! Shiyagare!" Koyama screamed.
"I don't know what you're cheeky!"
He looked back at the pistol hung on the wall.
The manager decided that there was no specification under any circumstances. When it comes to it, I just rely on weapons. The wife and children in the company house rushed to the KS club by car after 11 o'clock in the evening.
The workers were instinctively united. Maybe he joined the riot.
The city is not limited to the invasion, looting, and destruction of the Confederates. I don't know what terrible things the Union Army will do to abandon this and retreat.
They were looting and raping from Hirao like work. This time, the rest is Siri-eating Kannon. I will do what I want.
Foreigners sometimes saw the faces of human beings in their own country, which made them feel reassured.
Because they have the same language as the nation, in this turmoil, no matter what difficulties they face or what attacks they face, will they work together to endure? There must be. They were seduced by the sentimental feudal feelings of their compatriots. "Ah, I hope that the soldiers in khaki-colored military uniforms will come and go!" They simply didn't think about what and for whom the military would come. I thought that if the army came, I would be able to rescue them from the predicament.
It was late.
The military has begun to arrive.
The smell of sweat and leather was pungent. The resident, who was so lonely as if he was left alone on a remote island, could not hide his nostalgia. Above all, I missed the Japanese with a dialect that came from the mainland.
On the 26th, before dawn, a certain regiment arrived at the station.
There was a deep fog.
Chinese houses painted in rich vermilion and blue, dust-bited streets / ″ \, open-air shops lined up, Chinese people screaming in a tongue-in-cheek voice, those things are blocked by darkness and fog I couldn't tell it apart. Annoyingly stimulating spring, the flowers of Acacia are scented in the air through the fog.
Soldiers lowered their backpacks with a fork gun in the square in front of the station. I waited for the building to be decided. They were already more angry with their words, actions, and temperament than when they were in the mainland.
"Ukichi Tsuan."
A woman from among the people welcoming her with countless small Hinomaru flags suddenly jumped out in front of the first-class graduate Kakimoto. She was a woman who dyed her middle-aged teeth black. She clung to Kakimoto's waist and burst into tears. …… "Ukichi Tsuan! You came, Ukichi Tsuan! ……"
"Isn't it the aunt of Nakanjo?" The first-class graduate made a confused look at his superior. But soon he said.
"Oh, oh ..." The woman cried aloud as if she was happy and moved. "... Did you come and go? ... Oh, oh ... I hope this will help me too. Oh, oh ..."
This feeling was infiltrated into every chest of the residents who were picked up, even if it was not expressed explicitly.
Soldiers started a bonfire. The flame burned up. Kakimoto saw the pale, angry, bony face of this woman who had crumbled on her knees. After all, only the familiar facial contours of the village remained. How scary and painful this aunt is. He remembered his old face in the village. From him, this lady was a cousin and another cousin. The year was different, just as I called her aunt. In the village, they are relatives who rarely crawl among their relatives. However, here, too, he also had a stingy feeling for this aunt, as if he were a close relative.
The lady felt him even more.
"Why don't we have a separate article?" Asked the woman.
"It's okay. Our division is coming to one division. It's got this much ammunition, and (he showed me a heavy ammunition sword.) The sword has a blade that cuts. I'm sorry. "
"Oh, oh ..."
The lady screamed again and cried without trying to hide her joy and nostalgia.
The soldiers had a department. The unit broke up. Some were directed to the egg flour factory. Some were directed to Fukutaka Hishiba Co., Ltd. "Furun Hosaicons". Some were directed to Specie Bank.
With guns and lines, they marched to their department under the command of their respective commanders.
Many residents stood up and saw off the troops leaving in a line in the opposite direction of their homes. The children happily waved the flag and followed.
However, the resident of the adult [# "adult" side point] went around to the resolution of the request for dispatch, collected the stamps one by one, issued a petition, and the nostalgic soldiers who came to us were their own. Didn't you feel indignant and surprised to go to the defense of a factory or a bank, far from a tiny house, as if you were hit by a scam?
[# 5 indentation] 16 [# "16" is the middle heading]
Three hours later, the factory was armed with a solid sandbag, a barbed wire, and a cheval de frize.
The machine gun was installed. Khaki clothes are on duty.
The yellow light foil [# "emphasis mark"] soil was dug up as Poka / \.
The sun, which is the continent's squeaky [# "emphasis mark"], was glaring at a glance from high on the city, humans, and factories. Thin, dusty. It's the heat of the fireplace.
The soldier's undershirt, who took off his coat, drew a map on his back with oily sweat. The dirt dust accumulated yellow and black on it. Jari / \.
"Don't take the oil as if you were in the camp! This is a genuine wartime." Lieutenant Shigefuji stared at his hexagonal eyes. "Hey, who's stretching his hips there!"
On the other hand, the loess to be dug up is packed in a jute bag "Maatai" by the hands of other soldiers.
The soldier had no time to wash his face. I took off my sturdy, 蟇 《Gama》 -like shoes, and put my feet in the air. As soon as I got to the department, the work started.
The jute bag, which is inflated in ocher, is spilled in front of the factory. Stacked one by one. The sandbag base was completed before I saw it. There was no five minute break.
Another corps struck a log that had been collected from somewhere and laid a quadruple wire fence outside the sandbag base.
On the street, thicker logs were combined to make a cheval de frize. Wire fences run along the distant streets from around the factory, crossing the streets, and at Bank S, a round, gas-tank-like sandbag was built.
Both the mill and Fukutaka Hishiba were escorted by sandbags, wire fences, and armed soldiers.
The manager, Uchikawa, used his skill as a company commander and a company officer. I also came to the soldiers who were working hard. While interfering with the work, I broke down trying to convey to the soldiers that I thought I had to be an army.
Next is defensive work in an area that has expanded the surrounding area. Sandbags are piled up from the side where they are made, like a wall, or to another place. No matter how much you make it, it's not enough. The number of people who will be on the alert patrol is decided. The picket is decided. The duty graduate is decided. The cooking duty is decided. A sleepless turn is decided.
"Oh, don't you know my coat?"
Kamikawa, who was working in the Kakimoto group, turned over the military uniform of another person, who was hung on the fork of Acacia like a cat, and started walking. A man called as one of the patrols. The undershirt had turned khaki in the dust of the loess. From the branches of Acacia, I asked the branches of Acacia, with the dirty sweat and the face of the soil facing up, in a mess. There is no. The sergeant, who was waiting for the soldiers to gather, poisoned Mr. / "\.
Kamikawa twisted the clothing symbol of another person once again with his dirty hands.
"Someone might be wearing my guy by mistake." I was even more annoyed. Say regret to lose.
"Where was the stuffed animal? Don't be vague."
"Where do you have something? Here."
"Because it's a mess. Life is now covered. There's no substitute for battlefields."
Those who are wielding a pickaxe have a pain in their backs. The deeper the soil, the harder it was to dig. The lieutenant, company commander, and special sergeant are watching the work. The guys in the jute bags chase afterwards.
"What's wrong? Did you lose something?" The manager screamed at the commotion.
"I can't see my coat. Maybe someone wore it by mistake. Even though my name was written on it." The company commander heard and was bitter and unheard of.
"I think I went all the way, Chankoro," said Uchikawa. "Isn't it just around here?"
I see, I was surprised.
"Don't be vague. When you come to Chankoro, you'll be covered in military uniform ... What's that?"
"Naka ​​/ \ They must be alert." The manager laughed happily as if to say.
From the first day they arrived, they remembered the taste of hitting Chinese people.
When two Chinese were pulled from the slums, Kamikawa raised his fist and jumped to the Chinese, as if to comfort his anxiety, anger, and chilled anger. It was. Later, the other soldiers also avalanche on top of the two beggars. Hitting, stepping on, kicking, poisoning in Japanese. However, no matter how much he did, Kamikawa's military uniform was not found.
Here too, the same military life as the military life in the mainland was immediately started. Their rice was cooked by them. They did all the cleaning of the room, the cleaning of the toilet, the care of clothes, the picket work, and the alert work. The distinction between first-year soldiers and second-year soldiers has disappeared somewhat. However, it still existed. Of course, the distinction between soldiers and juniors and the distinction between soldiers and officers existed strictly.
"Sleep, sleep! Sleep wins."
From the dormitory of the match factory, I drove the craftsman to another building, spread a blanket on the sorghum sorghum sorghum there, and lay down with a backpack or a person with a portable tent as a pillow. Indeed, for a long time, they didn't sleep and did a lot of work that I couldn't remember. For a week, more, more sleep and oblivion. I felt like I was saving time and continuing to work and change. Ten days, no, twenty days.
"Because there is no other suitable guy with a large house here, I'm just staying here," the officer on duty gave a sincere caution. "Don't make too much contact with the Chinese people in the factory here. Especially, there are women in the boxes of matches and in the dormitories of craftsmen, so even though I have no business, I'm afraid to go there. Don't go in and out of. "
"Yes!"
"Then, some Chinese people may have bad ideas, and paying attention to that, if we, who have the soul of Yamato, are reddened by such people, of course. Don't do that. I wouldn't be a Japanese soldier if that happened. "
"Yes!"
The soldiers did not wear their shoes, their military uniforms, their kyahan, and when they dropped their heads on the pillows of their backpacks, they were dragged into the abyss and were tempted to sleep relentlessly. I was left alone.
[# 5 indentation] 17 [# "17" is the middle heading]
The military only stayed in one of the dormitories and the ridge of the factory.
There was no interference with the craftsmen!
That was exactly what Ensign Bando was careful about.
Both the captain and the officer had a samurai | temperament. The military did not make a small effort to put a little bit into the labor conflict.
Despite this, from the day the army arrived, the worker's neglected state was pulled back to the original path like a horse with a whip.
The power of the director and the handle has doubled before.
Koyama, whose mandible was corroded and coughed around his torso, was conscious of the mighty forces behind him. That consciousness strengthened the club's violence three or four times.
The head of Li Ranpo 《Relamp》 is received from Uchikawa for only 23 sen a day than the Hira 《Hira》 craftsman. For that reason alone, this Chinese has a khaki army as his guardian, his power, and a grudge against his oak stick, as if he were Japanese. , I was enthusiastic about the unscrupulous people and the ones who were often enthusiastic about the "Hui / \" religious beliefs. It soothed, watermarked, and scared the craftsmen. He was also the spy for Uchikawa and Koyama. He was also the decoy.
The soldiers did not interfere with what the craftsmen did. I didn't mean to. Not only did he protect the workers. And I protected the factory. However, the craftsmen were still threatened without feeling asylum by the military.
The soldier worked on the defensive area. The streets were lined with barbed wire, like a spider's web. Tsuji's rugged cheval de frize did his best.
The brigade headquarters and the battalion headquarters were contacted by an emergency telephone. The battalion headquarters and the picket line were also in close contact. Under the command, the soldiers were immediately put with their weapons and ready for battle.
In Tsuji, the sentry scrutinized each and every Chinese person who came and went with a gun that was dressed up.
In just a day and a half, the city completely changed its wind bow. It's like putting your stomach on top of your normal clothes.
Cheval de frize is sticking two corners with Nyoki / \ in the middle of the street. The machine gun extends its arm over the sandbag base, like a sensitive antenna. Factories, fences, company housing, all are protected by stubborn thorny iron.
Chinese soldiers were not the only ones who were aware of the high labor efficiency of Japanese military personnel. The soldiers themselves were surprised at the results of their work, looking back at the continuous wire fence and the earthworks like the Great Wall of China. It was made to repel Chinese soldiers and to harden the bourgeois factory, but I was so happy to see the instrument I had made. I wish this was an armor to protect our factory!
Captain Hansai of the headquarters inspected the results of the sandbag base. I considered the direction in which the enemy was pushing. Even from the perfect ones, it is Hansai that I can't help but find Ara and say a word. The flaws of perfection and impeccableness were its perfection. The reason why something that can be completed too much is that it cannot be further developed because it can be completed.
"This is a single letter from Kaishu Station on the Tsuura Shinpo Line. First, we must see the Confederates rushing to this place with all their might." Came to the earthworks in the southwest corner with other officers and non-commissioned officers. "Lt. Suenaga, do you think you can support tens of thousands of enemies with this kind of sandbag [#" hihaku "side point]? Do you think it can support a thousand enemies? How is it? "
"Ha."
"The enemy is an enemy. It's safe to assume that the battle will come from the other side .... OK, start over! This is one and a half height, twice the width, three times the length, and twice the length. I need a machine gun. "
"Ha."
Beyond the earthworks on the southwest corner, there were grasslands, blue fields on the loess, acorns, oaks, and dotted forests of acacia. It looks hazy. There wasn't always a flock of goats hanging around. -The peasant must have been careful about looting. Even if the ranks are different, it is the military personnel who have to listen to the order [# "Iidakuku" as an emphasis mark]. Opinions were not allowed to be disclosed. Lieutenant Suenaga ordered the sergeant. The sergeant ordered the soldiers to graduate. The sandbag base was replaced by a quadruple wire fence.
"More, more, extend this far!"
Lieutenant Suenaga, while listening to Hansai's complexion, scratched the ground with his shoes. If you make this corner specially robust, the enemy's attack power will be concentrated on other parts that are not robust. And that will collapse. He thought.
"Take the soil from here! The acacia is a hindrance. Fold it! Check! Bring the refusal horse over here." I took command. "... Bring more, more, a spoon and a pickaxe. This is the only place I haven't been able to do it! Slow! Corporal Shake! Yes, don't do that!"
The guy who left the youth training center was happy to be on vacation in a year and six months. That is the dispatch of troops, and the return is postponed indefinitely. They worked with Sesse, yes / \ to the lieutenant's scolding command. The work style was conspicuous.
Takatori, a compensation soldier, was smiling. Kakimoto did it normally.
"Yes, everyone should follow the work of Kuraya and Kinugasa! Enough | Focus on the pickaxe!" The special sergeant pointed to a group of trainees. "Takatori! Fill the hemp bag more tightly!"
"Special Warrant Officer Master Sergeant! What do you do with the hole that the mouse in this bag ate? Should I roll the straw and put it in it?"
"Um, um, that's right."
The warrant officer, who had a chin, nodded satisfactorily to Matsushita from the same training center.
Also, the other person was on the other side, and something was sesame.
Takatori, who didn't hear it, was smiling repeatedly. (I can see it!)
After one hour and fifteen minutes, a huge fortification facility was completed as ordered. If this is the case, even a demon should come.
The soldiers turned into crap / \ and returned to the dormitory. I couldn't wash my muddy hands, nose, and neck. There was no water. Lunch roars. From the egg powder factory on the other side, it rang in response.
"It's still April in China, but it's as cheerful as July .... Oh, it's weak, it's hot, and my stomach is fluffy ...."
The rice that was divided into mess tins was squeezed in.
"The water bottle is always empty.-On duty! Hey, isn't there hot water? Isn't there hot water?"
The cooking duty was to put the chest hanging on the shirt and to make a tenteko. I don't have complete cooking utensils.
"It's hot water! Hey, it's hot water!"
"I'm in trouble because I don't even have water to wash the rice, let alone hot water."
"There was a lot of crap and a slapstick!"
"Chankoro sells hot water. A kettle, a squid."
Fukui who came to see talked.
"What is Igazuru?"
"Sora, it's like a bronze coin from China, that's a squid. It's probably two cents or so."
"Selling hot water-there is a stingy business."
Kuraya, who was from the training center and wanted to be elegant, laughed at Gyosan.
Takatori was suffering by the side of one wall. Tattered / \ It's a wall that peels off and falls. I asked Tamada, a noodle factory, why he is doing that.
"Did you have a problem with your work?
"It's not like that. They're the ones who don't have the specs. That's the sesame seeds like Kinugasa and Matsushita," Takatori said. "Because there are so many of them, Chinese people aren't drawn naked, they even grab the liver."
"They're um ... they're the rotten guys of a woman."
"Sanzan, while being squeezed by the factory owner and the landowner, he's still a slave who has to bow his head and shake his tail. Those guys." Takatori said, Sukehei. I looked back at Nishizaki. He is a man who has never tried to buy the same girl again by eating the first one.
"They are the most troublesome. They are abused, squeezed, and tormented by the bourgeoisie. Still, I don't know how to hate or rebel. I'm trying to do it. "
"That's a burn, well, yeah, isn't it? Their sesame seeds aren't the ones that started today." Nishizaki laughed obscenely.
"Nishizaki! You too crawl into their friends! I hope it suits you!"
A stubborn fist was about to pop out of Takatori's arm.
"No, no, no. I don't think so much here .... Look at Kinugasa's face, isn't it like wet mala? Well, really, wet mala. Isn't it like that? "
Nishizaki has missed the story. At the entrance on the other side, I didn't notice this story, and Kinugasa with thick lips poking the meat was really wet and mala. Tamada laughed. Nishizaki's Sukehei was famous. It's a funny leopard guy.
Since he came to China, he wanted to taste the taste of champy. It was a hope before coming. During the work, when a woman in brown or purple Chinese clothes with a sloping front of her foot passed by, she gently saw it. The hands and legs were very cute [# "emphasis mark"].
His heart was also drawn to the female worker in the factory.
It wasn't beautiful. It was dirty with dust, smoke, and phosphorus. However, it was different from the Japanese. I had something different.
The difference was a stimulus to him.
"I'm doing something, hey, the guy at the factory is doing something."
I ate rice and was resting for a while. One person noticed the commotion in the vicinity where the shaved timber was dried. The craftsman is being bullied to his heart's content.
"Lynch, Lynch!"
Kakimoto screamed like every one in the house.
"What?"
"Lynch, Lynch!"
Yuirison, an angry, ironic-faced craftsman with angry shoulders, is twisted under the arms of the two handles, like a rooster with his neck squeezed, and one leg steadily empties. I was kicking.
"The director is sticking a needle to the back of his nail."
The shell-shaped nails are firmly stuck to the meat of the fingertips. A cotton needle is attached between the meat and the nail. Starting with the little finger, the ring finger, middle finger, and index finger were attached with needles. The two hands were firmly entwined under the armpits by their handles so that they could not move.
The noise of the factory was depressing, and there was a groaning voice. The soldiers were terrified to remove their raw claws.
Utatemine was glared at by employees from Hirao. I had a bad head. No matter what the director or the handle is, he is lying. It was such a man. That's why I was especially glared at by Koyama.
Takatori knew that even at the egg powder factory, the workers were being threatened by soldiers and were freezing up. Employees were lynched there as well. The soldiers saw it. He said that if he did such a lynching, he would be exempt from the defense of the factory.
The company of the protein factory was a famous company in the mainland. It had a history of being wiped out in both the Sino-Japanese War and the Russo-Japanese War. Every year, in a couple of months, two or three people who are rehabilitated from active duty come in mysteriously. When the factory employees read the psychology of abusing the workers with the army in their hats, the soldiers in the company were unaware.
――Yes, the guys here also wear us in their hats. Takatori thought. Damn! Make a fool of people!
"You, during this time, try to be as intimidating as when you asked me to give you wages!" Koyama screamed.
"Why, cry and cry again, and try to speak arrogantly like that night!"
"Um, in China, I used to say that there was a guy who beat a craftsman to death, but after all I'm going to mess up."
The soldier approached the scene by sewing between the rugged, rugged, and the 蓆 that spread the shaft tree so as to approach the terrifying thing. They have been hit or beaten by slaps. However, this is the first time I've seen a needle stuck in my nail. Rusted needles even stuck to the white crescent moon at the base of the nail. Purple blood was bleeding under the translucent nails.
"Because there is a blue two-year-old who smiles like this, I'm afraid. (This is a dedication to Mikitaro.) You, the Communist Party's hand! -The factory can be occupied. Then, occupy it and see it! …… Here!
Koyama realized that the approaching soldiers were behind him.
His angry face broke into the soldiers with a slight smile.
However, towards Yui, it was distorted as it was immediately.
At work, the workers were working as if they had hit the water, listening carefully. Only the noise of the moving instruments continued.
Some people rested their hands to move the train, and quietly, from behind the window, Koyama pierced the other thumb of Yu with a needle so that it would not be discovered by employees. I was staring. After all, the weak boy who was looking at it turned away, feeling like he was being stabbed.
"You guys, are you still holding on to it ?!-Lee, this time, it's a wet-skinned whip, bring a wet-skinned whip!"
Oyama's voice was heard.
Even the craftsman who was working on the work with Nohohon was surprised this time. I stopped my hands and looked at each other. Yuritsumine, who became one of the representatives, struck a demand for wage payments, and was struck by the sword [# "Kataki" as an emphasis mark]. They knew it. At the same time, I knew the meaning of not only adding lynching to one person, but also hiding the whole craftsman. -If you don't even have Thai soldiers, we'll all stand up! Some people were crying with their hearts.
"How is it, why don't you give it a try?"
Said Kakimoto, a soldier watching.
The craftsmen saw the wet-skinned whip held in Koyama's bony hands, and drew a scene on the back of his eyes where he was struck by the naked body and sprayed so much that his muscles were torn apart.
It is a common scene for police torture.
U's scream and Koyama's biting voice were heard once. A wet whip wrapped around the object. Pissiri. Pissiri. It's a cutting sound.
At that time, a daring, rough soldier jumped out.
"Good luck! Con livestock! It's not good!"
The soldier struck the morbid side of Koyama. Koyama's bone-only hand, holding a wet-skinned whip, was twisted upside down with a strong soldier's arm.
"I don't know if we thought we'd come and rushed the craftsmen so badly! Hyottoko guy!"
Oyama was taken away.
"I'll beat you to death. Hyottoko guy!"
The soldier was Takatori.
[# 5 indentation] Ichihachi [# "Ichihachi" is a middle heading]
The latecomer unit has arrived. The dormitory has become smaller.
There was no bed, no straw futon, and a blanket was stretched out on the floor, and I slept in a mess. The sorghum ampera was about to tear. Bed bugs crawl out from below.
Bed bugs are ridiculous, perhaps instead of the morbid skin of sulfur, yellow phosphorus, and malnourished workers, suddenly feeling sweaty and fat-laden, lively skin. I would have made a face.
Takatori was not in contact with those who came later for a while. We talked to each other about the process during that time.
They were also picking up villas when boarding the boat from Moji. Some people folded it into their chest pockets and took care of it like a talisman.
"If we were walking down the pier, it would rain villas from heaven," he laughed.
"When I look up, Yasukawa of the union is about to pull his neck out of the window and try to withdraw.-Come on firmly! Then, hold your hand firmly with those guys!
Carefully made a high-pitched voice.
The chief sergeant was on the side. I came to call someone. He said, "I wonder if I'll hold my hand firmly with Champy."
I laughed loudly again.
His hand, which unknowingly squeezed the tearing Ampera chopsticks, was full of beans and was hard like a board.
"Kudo has finally been cleared up on the ship," whispered Kitani, paying attention to the special sergeant with his ass.
"I stopped because I couldn't be alone, but he's bloody, so I can't listen."
"This time, I'm quite sensitive to the opposition of the labor union and us." "It's a different era from the Japanese-German war and the Siberian intervention era. We also know that it was used as a bourgeois minion, but the bourgeoisie is also sensitive to our opposition to the dispatch. The arrest on March 15th will be done, the dissolution of the three left-wing groups on April 10th will be eaten. Then the troops will be dispatched. is not it."
"No matter what obstacles I push away, I think I have to occupy this place right away."
"Yes, yes, I think so to get China."
"But we'll try to get in the way as much as we can. Everyone sings when they say they're going to shoot a gun."
However, they still hated their rulers and opposed sending troops, but not everyone had the same opinion.
In this current holding place, it is impossible for us to immediately pull up the division to the inland and withdraw from China. It's a consultation that can't be done. But we have a job as us. No matter how the military is used to go against our eyes, we must not abandon our military service. We learn urban warfare for the day we are really born. Learn how to operate an armored car. Fight for the day.
Kitani spoke in a whisper. Takatori nodded half and shook half his head.
"For that day? That's right. But you're always long-suffering. But what about the Chinese workers who are now crushed by our hands in front of us? "
The two worked in the same factory before joining the company. Kitani was a senior soldier because of his persevering and lively nature.
Takatori finished his one-year job, and on the day he became a second-year soldier, he left the place where he was standing in the picket and chased a duck. Then he was sent to a court martial.
At dusk, he tried to stab a slow-moving mallard, who had become a lost child, with a gun with a sword. And I chased.
From the assault course to the inside of Shibayama at the foot of the old castle, about five towns chased the mallard and drove it. The mallard shook his rugged webbed leg, just torn. I couldn't kill him at last, so I crushed it with my shoes. He was relieved. Then he stood up with his long neck hanging on his leg. At that time, it was found by a patrol officer.
He didn't feel shy or close to becoming a compensation soldier. I liked using machines. I especially liked using a light machine gun. Even when shooting with a blank gun, I was slamming a lot of people with this gun, imagining that it would rain.
His slightly stupid, foolish nature fueled everyone's popularity.
Together, the testicles were squeezed out and inspected, and together they crawled into the dim barracks and ate red rice. We learned how to aim a gun together. I learned how to wear a sword and how to shoot. The Kudo was cleared up in the ship. I know why it was cleaned up, even if I didn't say it! He was a man who liked sweet sushi. His eyes were a fiery man. It has been killed!
It had to make the blood of the soldiers violent. In a dormitory with rough walls, a low roof, and a breathtaking dormitory, they indulged in their thoughts.
Next to Takatori, there was Nasu, who was struck to the inner pocket, found a villa, and was beaten by Lieutenant Shigefuji to the extent that his cheeks were torn off.
Nasu was silent without saying anything.
"No matter how much you pick up the villa and say noisy, you can't just drag it out to our brains!"
Someone said.
"That's right!" Nasu silently thought.
"No matter what I think or do, it's my own way!"
Acacia flowers like wisteria were smelling. Near that, Kakimoto was worried about what the aunt's family was doing.
There was no time to confirm the news.
Even if it is a distant blood relative, when you cross the sea and leave the inland, you feel like a very close parent or sibling.
He came to this place in a hurry, urgently urged to return to visit his aunt with appendicitis in the name of resident protection.
However, it is possible to directly protect or go to see the people who are scattered in the city, which is the closest to him, and who are living in small details and who are related to him. There wasn't.
He was protecting the factory.
For that reason, I worked sweaty.
I became sweaty and did defensive work.
The vicinity of the factory was covered with earthworks, cheval de frize, and barbed wire. With a gun full of live ammunition and a sword down, they defended it.
No defensive work was done in other places. Although Kakimoto came as a soldier, he could not leave the earthworks and the area surrounded by the horses.
Residents are coming into this defensive area.
And get protection in this area.
Then, for what reason did he come to this China? ......
"Hey, hey, the match here is a small box that is unusually yellow, even if you rub the board or the stone, if you have a shaft." I brought back one match at a time. Matsuoka, Motooka, and Tamada.
The three rubbed the pillars and floorboards and set them on fire.
"This is different from an inland match."
"I feel like we've seen such a match when we were kids. It's called a boss."
Nasu had a sunken face.
"This is a yellow phosphorus match," said the Chinese people there. I can say a little bit of Japanese, "said Tamada, who is still powdery at the noodle factory. "--This is very poisonous. I won't let you build a foreign factory. We'll get worse soon. This medicine, bad, very poisonous, bad, this guy ... This yellow phosphorus match is toxic and soon It's banned in every country because it causes a fire. I'm making it here. "
"This is very poisonous. People die," Tamada imitated the words of the Chinese. "There is no railroad, no powerful drug, countryside, this, suicide. A man and a woman, a couple, fighting. * [#" Woman + breath ", 4th level 2-5-70] Woman << Sheaf 》 (Woman) I want to die, this is the medicine for this shaft tree, and I'll take it off. There are ten boxes in this box. Die. Japan, Nekoirazu, Chinese Yellow Phosphorus Match ... "
"Hmm ... If you understand Japanese that much, you can talk." Takatori made a sensible voice.
"Let's talk about that Chinese person here. Isn't it interesting?"
[# 5 indentation] 19 [# "19" is the middle heading]
There was a night shift during the day.
There was a daytime shift at night. There is no time to sleep.
The soldiers became muddy with sweat and dirt. There is no water. Even if there is, there are very few. It was muddy, and it wasn't something that could be licked raw. Then the stomach and intestines will start to thunder.
They didn't take a bath for a long time. Seven days, no, more than fifteen days.
The day before leaving the mainland, I sweated and dusted at the bathing area next to the kitchen. That's it.
The dark Chinese-style dormitory without windows was filled with a sigh of men. The factory is protected by daily work, inconvenience, overwork, and suffering. Then, the bourgeoisie is planning to secure this material-rich Shandong region for himself. Soldiers are being irritated and abused inland, even when they come to China for the benefit of the bourgeoisie who exploits them. Inland workplaces also have hunger, abuse, and exploitation. There is unemployment hell. The same thing happens when you come to China. They are from workers and peasants, and they cannot escape from suffering at any time in any case. You cannot live without cutting your own life. "Yes, how can I cut off this heavy shackle that gets in the way!"
Takatori thought. He went in and out of the match factory workshop without anyone recommending him. A naked whirlpool that cools the muddy yellow phosphorus is spinning. A careless worker is likely to be cut off by the wings of a whirlpool.
The watch officer spent a few words on entering and exiting the workshop. The soldiers listened to it quietly. However, after a few days, I found myself in the workshop and in China. I didn't understand the words. Eyes talked to each other. The face and eyes expressed emotions.
The confrontation with the officer was deepening. Kudo has been cleaned up before landing. That made it even more difficult to approach the officer. That is the shape in front of us.
Bathing, meals, working hours, and sleeping beds were clearly distinguished. The soldier is barley rice. The officer was rice. It is only among the soldiers that they share the pain. They didn't take a bath for a long time. The officer set up a bath every day at the ice-making company "Chibincons". An employee of Ice Making Co., Ltd. treated me with beer, sweets, and tea, and told a long story like a cow's drool. The soldiers later decided to crawl in, but the cows were drooling for a long time and had no time to enter. By the time they entered, the evening was too late.
At one point, Kamikawa, who had lost his coat, returned with a wet hand towel and freshly lit cherry-colored skin from the bath. I sneaked in. It was fun.
"The wife of the ice-making company doesn't make a distinction because the gold streaks are shining and not shining. Even the furo is open, so I'm telling you to come in. Resident protection At that stage, even solid money and tantsubo wouldn't change the way they work .... Well, I'm the most disrespectful of the bath. "
"Did no one come yet?"
"Um, I haven't come."
"The wife of the ice company is a young wife."
"Um, I have a cute face."
"Okay, I'll go and remove the dirt."
"I will go too."
"I will go too."
They knew the fun of being a thief. I patted it into my shoes without tying my shoelaces. Fourteen people, with their sweaty washcloths and no soap, crossed the slum-filled plaza on the opposite side of the slums from the match factory. --There are too many chits. But if one was to quit, all fourteen had to quit. There is a huge water storage tank on the red roof. That is the ice making company.
Ichimachi was too far away.
It was closer to the company that went to the egg flour factory. Crawl through the gate. The pump was working.
Suddenly, from the red brick door, a clear voice rang like an officer. An acquaintance's first-class graduate turned bright red as if he had boiled an octopus, and started to swing his similar finger "Chinboko". Like pinching a cat, I was pinching a military uniform "Guniko" and a juban | undershirt "Koshita".
"What a company guy!" A screaming voice rang out from inside the door. "Don't you think about people's inconvenience! From now on, is there anyone who will cause trouble to people's homes?"
The ending of the word was raised.
"What's wrong?"
Takatori, who doesn't know the face of the regiment, casually came to the first grade of the naked body "Supadaka".
"I'm a brigade deputy."
"What's the lieutenant?"
Fourteen people stopped in front of the door. What is it?
The door was pushed open from the inside.
The aristocratic lieutenant's face, with the adjutant's emblem hanging over his shoulder, with a prominent nose, stood in front of the soldiers.
The lieutenant took off the sword hanging button and glared at the fourteen people who pushed him all the way-what a hell. I wonder why so many such brazen people came!
"Your Excellency is coming! Go home! Go home!"
He made a screaming voice.
"Unruly" Furachi "guy! Go home! Go home!"
Fourteen people were slashed by the clear voice.
"Check!"
Takatori was taken abruptly. Unfortunately, I looked at the bathroom in front of my eyes like a traveler who was refused to board the boat at the ferry. Then, I looked back at the weed square that I had passed through.
"Che! What's wrong?" He muttered in his mouth.
"Damn! If anyone is a human, sweat and dirt are slimy and unpleasant. The same thing! Chi! I wonder if I will be patient again."
The soldier who was crawling in the bath earlier than the officer was scolded and kicked out.
‥ …… Soon, the dirt floating in the hot water was scooped up cleanly. I adjusted the hot water. The entrance to the bathroom was protected by two bayonets. Acacia and roses are planted.
There was a sound of hot water coming from inside the door.
The hot water was pumped out, warmed, and filled with water. The graduate on duty sheds his back. I hit the beard.
When I think so, it doesn't sound for 20 minutes, about 30 minutes, or even the sound of the person.
The picket was upset and looked through the door to see if he had suffered from cerebral anemia. His Excellency, His Excellency, was taking a nap while shaking his head to the edge of the bathtub. A nice snoring snoring was faintly leaked.
The picket was bored and went back and forth in front of the door. The neckline was sweaty, dusty, unpleasant, and jerky. Stones are sticking out from the ground under my feet. With a prize of 150,000 yen, the two are guarding the neck of His Excellency, who is being targeted by the courier corps. I was bored and yawning.
The clock on the arm has passed one hour. Twenty minutes have passed since then. The old man of Yoyo Macho brought a new monkey mat with a respectful waist. I have a dry towel.
"It's only necessary for one night and one night, I want to wash off the dirt and sleep with a refreshing futon!"
"Don't let it go. I'm Nani Nuneno."
At the machine shop of the ice maker, soldiers hung their yellow dust-bitten 蟇 -like shoes on their leg full of beans, and the soldiers were numb and waited for their turn.
The dusk was approaching white.
[# 5 indentation] 20 [# "20" is the middle heading]
The canary in the basket was singing at the eaves.
The temperature of the continent drops sharply at night.
I feel uncomfortable because my skin is full of undershirts. The craftsman loved the little bird even if he couldn't eat it. It was a mysterious hobby.
"Hmm, I see, I see, it's interesting!" Takatori nodded.
"Do more, talk more!"
His voice seemed angry. I was still uncertain.
"Frequently" Hui / \ "people are bad. It's not good. Winter, the days are short. It gets dark early. There is no electricity. The factory is dark. . ”The stuffy nose worker spoke in Japanese that he couldn't understand. "Sometimes, people are ill-mannered, and while they are flirting, there are many match boxes that have a human [#" human "emphasis mark], and boxes that have their own claws. I have a lot of money. "
It is a craftsman named Shiirii. He is a man who looks pale and has thin bones, and looks like an old man [# "Oyaji" is an emphasis mark]. When I got older, I was 31 years old. Still young.
"Hmm, when it gets dark, the male and female workers get together. Taking advantage of the turmoil, the religious people often squeeze the matches that people have packed, as if they were packed. I see. It's funny, it's funny, "Nodded Takatori. "Do more, talk more!"
The craftsmen gradually became less afraid of soldiers Thailand. The soldiers drew a circle around the garlic, the fat, and the weird tobacco-smelling craftsman.
"That, before the barracks on the other side of the pit shelf, the hairnet factory of Toshito Eiji, my sister, the female worker there, every day, sucks only dandruff [#" dandruff "and trash]." The courtesy continued from time to time. "My sister, my hair, and my trash. My chest is bad. I have lung disease. Hairnet hair, country queuing hair, I cut it with three or four coins, and bring it to my middleman, Kaisha, for sale. Those who don't cut their hair, ask them to pay taxes. The hair brought by the company and the middleman will be discounted to 60% or 50%. The hair tax is taken. Relatives, I don't want to cut my hair. I come with a middleman and a police officer, and if I don't cut it, I will take a tax. There is no tax, but I can't get rid of my hair, I'm going to forcibly take the tax. Talked) …… Everyone, China, peasant, craftsman, suffering. We live. It's hard! "
"Ehen!"
Throat clearing like thunder. The sound of Guntō and shoes. Immediately, I got up behind the soldiers. Lieutenant Shigefuji came behind and stood unknowingly. I was surprised.
Tokiyori screamed like a mute. The lieutenant was staring at the time with his hexagonal eyes. Like a sinner, the Chinese stood up with a screaming "Shio / \". Then, I shrugged my shoulders without force and left without making a single acoustic "hiki".
"He'll come to you guys to advertise his thoughts. Even in the factory here, a red guy will crawl in. If he's advertised red, you'll have a face!"
"Lt. Lieutenant, I'm just talking about a leopard. I understand that chankoro, a little bit, Japanese," said Takatori.
"Don't lie! Listen and know!" The lieutenant's face suddenly became fragile. "I don't care if it's a leopard guy! Scatter! Scatter! Scatter and sleep! Be careful!"
"Yes, be careful."
The soldiers were fascinated by the story of gratitude. And gathered around it. The dormitory was always dark. The wall is likely to come off with a rag / \. It felt like a cave where only oppressed and annoyed humans gathered.
Soldiers and craftsmen, aren't they twins with the same fate? The irritating labor of the daytime puts both of them into extreme exhaustion [# "to exhaustion" to "to" to "hihai"]] There was.
We were bullying this Chinese craftsman, and in the end, we were squeezing our own neck. Oi Shoji is the only one who is happy that the workers have been bullied. No one else.
Takatori briefly talked about it. Some shook their heads quizzically. Takatori spoke again. I will supplement it. We've come this far and think we're doing our best for the country of Japan. I think it protects the interests of the country. As a result, what kind of policy will the fat bourgeoisie take? As a result, only the bourgeoisie gets fat. Make money and still squeeze the workers. I'll give money to the Dara trunk. But good workers can be squeezed / \ neck.
"What a stupid guy a soldier is," Takatori said with deep emotion. "I'm from a poor peasant or a worker, but I'm restraining the rebellion of the craftsmen and peasants by wearing tight-necked clothes. When I'm sent to the colony, I'm a bourgeoisie / \ I'm working hard to enrich myself. I don't know what I'm living for. Blindness is ours! I'm doing it! "
It made me feel like I couldn't help thinking about it.
"Patience!" Said Kitani in his heart. "You have to go under the caning and go from the bottom."
Here too, there was a similar, worse, painful life that they lived in inland factories and rural areas. They learned that the workers were not allowed to step outside the factory for another month. I didn't get a monthly salary. Among the childhood workers, there were seven youngest, six-year-olds. Up to five of them were ten or twelve yuan and were bought forever. Such a child was thin [# "emphasis mark"], had a chest where ribs could be seen, took off his coat, and stuffed the shaft tree into a small box. He had a small hand that couldn't hold the match box.
The blame did not reach the work table unless another table was placed under the stool.
"We also grew up being scolded by our relatives for work and work from the time of six or seven," he said. Tamada, a noodle maker, was thinking about his childhood. "But we didn't sell our bodies!"
Most of the workers are peasants in the country. It was a worker who quit the peasant family. The peasant was more miserable than the craftsman.
No matter how much the peasant cultivates, no matter how much he cultivates, he will be pushed by the imperialism of each country, and he will continue to cultivate the warlord's irritating demands, and the robbery of the earthen soldiers and the defeated soldiers. No matter how much livestock I had, I couldn't make any money for myself. There was a drought. There was an outbreak of locusts such as planthoppers. All the harvest has been taken up by those with weapons.
Some people sold their land, houses, and livestock and moved to the three provinces of East China. Many have emigrated. -In the middle of the migration, I was grabbed by a marching thug and picked up a small amount of road silver. And then I couldn't go away. Such a person was crawling in as a craftsman.
Some people left their families in the village and came to work. The remaining families were biting the roots of the trees and eating the leaves. Some died after eating stone powder.
"Oh, my mother, who remains in a house full of soot at the end of the field in my town, is finally eating a bun with gloves sewn," said Takatori, a carefree idiot. However, I felt sick.
"... I wonder if I was 63 years old .... There is also an old man who comes to visit my mother who is full of wrinkles! ! I wonder if I can eat full of rice just by sewing gloves. "
Soldiers compared the craftsmen here with their lives in the mainland.
In the village, some people thought that wheat would soon grow and wondered what was happening to their slightly blurred relatives.
"The wife of Wang Hongkichi, the girl, gave birth."
When I understood Japanese, I spoke to the soldiers, pointing to a disappointed, resentful king who was somewhat sullen in his face.
"Hmm, you gave birth."
The eyes of about 20 soldiers were focused on one king. The king had a weak expression, hiding.
"King, no Zeni, no wife Zeni. Foreman Zeni Wu."
"Hmm, I don't send wages. The factory."
"King's mother, carrying her older child, crying to the factory. Employees, mother, and the king do not match."
"HM."
"I can't do Zeni, I can't do Zeni."
"HM."
"My wife, I can't eat, I can't eat. I can't get out. The baby cries."
"HM."
"Aka-bo, I cried for six days. My wife, I'm hungry. I'm hungry, hot water, I'm not hungry. I'm blinded. On the tenth day, in the morning, I don't cry. Aka-bo, dead. Mom A, I flew to the factory. Still, I couldn't meet the policeman and the king. From the gap in the fence, I talked to him. King, I can't go home. Chief, I can't take a step out of the gate. "
"Hmm!"
Wang Hongkichi didn't understand Japanese. But he saw what Tokirei was telling the soldiers from the tense look of Tokirei with the soldiers.
"--The bought child is even worse," he said. "Work, work, I can't even write a sentence of Zeni. I can't get my hair | I can't buy a towel. I can't buy a towel. I can only get 15 sen for New Year. I work for a child, one year, two years, three years. I work forever. Only fifteen sen. I can't go out forever. Eighteen people who haven't come out of here for three years. I just work. I have no hope, no one. I despair. Nine or [# "Nine?" In the bottom line, "Kukka"] Ten children, I think it's better to die as a child. Yellow phosphorus, drink. Two dead children in February. Four dead children in March. Yellow phosphorus smoldering, burning in the belly. It's painful. The body of a thin, small child, only the skin and bones, and the legs were stiff ... Employees, foremen laugh. Chinese, sissy, dies on the face. Sissy……. "
"Hmm!"
The soldiers were suffocating and groaning.
[# 5 indentation] 21 [# "21" is the middle heading]
Mikitaro was deprived of the opportunity to come into contact with the workers.
The work was done at the immersion point, and the drying room was sent to the calculation staff in the office. He buried his neck in the books. From morning till night, I was only playing the abacus. This was a generous procedure.
The relatives haven't come out of the consular police detention center after ten days.
The body with a sharp hero was smoother than hell. In the shame and contempt of the police officer, he couldn't be ashamed and was groaning like aching.
At the factory, Mikitaro was glared at as having the shoulders of a disturbing worker. The manager, the foreman, and the old employees hated it. If you are a Chinese, your neck will be flying. It was overlooked by Japanese comrades.
A fan of the Sogyokai 《Song Kong Hoi》 system has infiltrated the city. It's not just a rumor. It is a fact. And the factory was important both inside and outside.
Before I knew it, the leaflet propaganda was sticky on the outer wall and the telephone pole.
The airborne leaflet with cartoons was sprinkled on the flour mill.
Hishiba Co., Ltd. 《Hosaikonsu》 was wary of the infiltration of agitators. Factory entry and exit has become extremely demanding. Not only did he keep the insiders out. No one outside was allowed inside. And the line between the inside and the outside was doubly protected by armed soldiers and hired police.
"Someday, my neck will jump soon!"
When I muttered this in my mouth, Mikitaro's expression became lonely.
He has witnessed Koyama adding lynching to lice to unpleasant craftsmen since the arrival of the army. For one, it hits him.
The craftsman was not only sprayed with a wet leather whip and stabbed with a needle on the back of his nails.
Someone was calling. From behind that, I was suddenly struck by a slapstick at the metal fittings of the transmitter. The phone on the wall rang. My nose got stuck in the transmitter like a bun. In the center of the face, the bridge of the nose broke from the center, and it was dented in a circular shape. A ball of blood drips. Some were tied from the trunk to the branches of the acacia, with their legs floating in the air, as if they were nailed to the cross.
"I'm a cheeky person, an oil seller, a side-dresser, a bad guy ... this is the show ... this is the show ..."
The craftsman tied to Acacia was forced to repeat 1,000 times while hanging on a branch. Under the tree, a tomato-like boy builder counted the number of times. The rope is biting into the limbs and torso. The more you struggle, the more you bite. The tree builder gasped for breathlessness.
"I was a cheeky person ... a bad guy ... I was ..." The craftsman spit out words with white bubbles, like a pant pant wind.
――This was done in anticipation of the absence of the dormitory for work since the soldiers found it. It was an order from the Chief Master Sergeant. The soldiers were busy arranging security for the news of the approaching Confederates.
The air in the factory avoided and avoided Mikitaro. Mikitaro himself couldn't help feeling it.
"After all, I'm a payment box! That attitude is that I should go out with Tot."
He thought while feeling the mysterious badness of the manager and Koyama.
"Before you become a neck, you should go out from yourself."
He knew that the cause was that he requested the wages of his relatives, Chinese hero, and Wang Hongkichi on behalf of him.
He sometimes slipped out of the office. I crawl into the workplace, like checking the volume of contract work. I observed the workers especially carefully.
Yuirison, who was screaming down and slamming the axles and planting the axles in the crate, was frightened and bowed his head.
"Don't be afraid."
"Yes, yes."
The arrogant and tsundere Yutate was completely transformed into a frightened child.
"After all, the medicine is good!"
Oyama's appreciation for the military station and his strength in his own way became more prominent day by day. As the lynching was repeated, the behavior of the workers became quieter. I bowed my head to the employees so that they would use their boobs.
"Burning! It's the craftsmen who have to work hard even if they're so subservient.-Animals! These are the gentle animals whose testicles have been pulled out!"
However, Mikitaro felt that he was a gentle animal that did not improve himself or his rebellion.
He said that his relatives couldn't leave the jail forever, that their homes weren't protected by anything, that the factories were just tightly protected, and that the inedible workers paid too much wages. All seemed to come from one principle, as well as the demands being rejected and, moreover, being beaten by one person.
It is that only the big guys get bloated at the expense of countless small things. A long time ago, my relatives tried to expose the village councilors who had spent the school construction costs on the geisha in the town. Because of that, I was pushed down from the top of the slope. And the fall began.
――If you don't fall to the point where there is no more stage to fall, you won't be aware of it! He thought. This is not the luck of life or the man. The big one is protected, so the small one falls. To that end, we all have to fall to Tokoton! However, one day, the time will come when a huge large building will collapse from the foundation stone due to rattling. I'm determined to come.
Like a radish namas, he passed through the carving department, where the base of Shirayo was chopped by a shaft carving machine to form a pile of shaft trees, and from the lumber yard, he took a short look at the dimly lit dormitory without soldiers. ..
The backpack, blanket, tent, and cloak were messed up and lined up in a mess. Cigarette butts are clogged like maggots in the open-mouthed sky. The smell of garlic and green onions of the craftsman, the sweat of the soldier and the smell of leather were mixed, and it seemed to be attached to the thick and heavy wall of the dormitory.
He walked with the knob of his shoes and passed through to the entrance with Acacia on the east side. There was something that touched my legs apart. When I saw it, it was a villa. While thinking awkwardly, I looked around there again. A piece of paper was sandwiched between the folds of the cloak, the blanket, and the tent, which were folded in a similar fashion. Some pieces of paper were hidden in the folds and could not be seen. However, there are also cases where the chopsticks can be seen from the folding eyes like a tongue. He took one of them and saw it.
It was a leaflet propaganda that was scared like a scorpion.
"Hey!" It was strange to Mikitaro when he passed through the extremely strict warning line and when such a leaflet propaganda was brought in.
The following was simply written in the biography. He read.
[# Indent from here]
Japanese soldiers
Japanese imperial bourgeoisie, you guys, guns, guns, rapid swordsman eastern territory. The military division of China, the beginning of the military division.
You guys, Japanese residents' life protection Sultameni came to Tano de Arca. Residents' property wo protection Rutameni coming Tano de Arca? No, no, no! Thinking, you guys, the current situation, the open ports scattered in the open ports, the poor cell residents, the life of the residents, the protection of the property, and the protection of the property. You guys, factories, banks, hospitals. Factory, bank, hospital, who owns Reno, Sulmono de Arca!
You guys! Workers and Farmers from Dear Soldiers! You, the residents, the protection of life property, the national flag, the dignity of the toyuga, the words, the lost wasaretehanaranu. You guys, Japan's domestic factory, rural factory, capitalist, landowner, Kara exploitation, Chinese bourgeoisie, bourgeoisie, tameni, life, blood, namagsai war. Huge Naru troop dispatch fee, who is a kid, a cigarette, a half loaf of sugar, a pair of sugar, a pair of sugar, a pair of gnosalls, and a must-have indirect tax withholding.
Chinese workers, peasants, national revolution movement, blood suffocation, suffocation, imperialism in each country, interference, land looting, and suffocation. Japanese imperialism, the first looting Sultameni advantageous Naru strategic situation, you guys come to the land. Japan Ha Shandong Womanshu no Nyoku, slave colony Toshiyo Toshitail Noda. Manchuria Railway Fushun Coal Mine Kara-kun Ha Ichibun Demonstration Profit Taka. Manchuria Railway Fushun Notameni Kimi no Kure Shigachit Demolacni Nattaka.
Manchuria Hatada large capitalist landowner Wota Raseldakeda. Both big capitalists, Suzufumi, Matsukoma no Nyoki, a class traitor, you guys, Karano exploitation, you guys, your wife, Yako, starvation, you guys Hard Kusuru Monodeal.
Meni repression sul for split senga ―― Corega China ni Kel imperialist co-policy deal. Both imperialists have already hated Mbeki's plan. Part 1 of the National Revolution vs. Sul Union Military Interference Niyotte Realization Sita. Shandong No Ori Army Occupation Ha, Cono Plan No. 2 Part No. Start Deal. Colonial Subdivision Notame Imperialist War Ga Outbreak Sul Possibility Ga Enough Niarnoda.
You guys, think! Shogun, dictator Tanaka Ha, you guys Shandong Nimade Yokosashi Metal Tanaka Ha you guys no class worst no enemy dearkotowo! He was inland, laborers and farmers were exploited, and he was a stumbling block. He's a brother, a father, a prison, a wife, a child, and a mother.
Japanese soldiers!
You guys have ordered the invasion of Shandong, and you can stop wearing clothes! Chinese people vs. shite, sword swinging Rikazasukotowo stop meyo! Srna, a Chinese worker, a farmer, a soldier, a handshake, a revolutionary solidarity, a handshake, Srnameniha, a sacrifice. Both sides of the counter-revolutionary front are broken. China Revolution Defender Notameni, You, China Workers, Farmers, Soldiers
[# End of indentation here]
"Hey, what's this? I'm going to poke something like this into my cloak."
This strange piece of paper caught my eye on the soldiers who came home after work.
I broke the kyahan and approached my backpack. Tamada, a noodle maker, also noticed the piece of paper. Nasu also picked up a piece of paper.
"Oh, I have to deliver this kind of thing."
"Wait, wait! Can you deliver it without knowing why!"
Takatori suppressed the training center with a wide voice.
It was dusk. In the dim dormitory, they read it. When I read it, I looked at each other. Then, I was hidden behind the scenes and smiled as if I was stealing.
"What's this ... there's a pretty funny guy."
"This is Chankoro's job. Choi!"
"What is this? I know this much!"
Nasu, a silent shop, was rereading it with all his heart.
"Don't make any sacrifices to reach a firm handshake of revolutionary solidarity," Takatori read aloud at the end. "Cut down the counter-revolutionary front from both sides. Join forces with Chinese workers, farmers and soldiers to defend the Chinese Revolution! -Yes, that's right!"
Soon, there was a big uproar in the dormitory and factory. The soldiers stood there. The manager, employees, company commander, Lieutenant Shigefuji, and Chief Master Sergeant Shigefuji, who were in a hurry, ran around all over the place.
The pocket was squeezed and the cheek was beaten. From the ampera, the blanket, the backpack, to my personal belongings, I've been completely overturned.
The route and source of the airborne leaflet propaganda were scrutinized. Two hundred and dozens of craftsmen were drawn to the naked body one by one. The female worker was also made naked.
Kusai [# "emphasis mark"] The craftsman was tied to a pillar like Christ. And the flat and dirty Chinese shoes on the bottom of the craftsmen were steadily stepping on the air.
The airborne leaflet was probably brought in by Sarutobi Sasuke. I couldn't find out who it was until I was tired of it.
The beaten cheeks of the soldiers were still spicy. In such a case, Takatori, who was always stared at first, had a bump like a horn on his head. I cleaned up after the mess and went to bed. Despite being squeezed, they are weird from the belly. Something I was dying to laugh at came up and I couldn't sleep easily. When I thought that I had laughed and calmed down, one person also said, "Fufufufufu." "Cut down the counter-revolutionary front from both sides!"
It made them cheerful and entertaining, because they didn't know who they were doing, the great people rushed out of their masks, and the criminals were never the soldiers themselves. Takatori repeatedly chewed the blanket and tried to sleep. But someone's words immediately distracted him. Also, childish laughter echoes in the cave-like dormitory. ......
It's past 11 o'clock. They weren't sleeping yet. Suddenly, a non-commissioned officer on duty rushed into the sound of his shoes.
"Get up! Get up! Get up everyone!"
"Is it an inspection again?"
"Idiot! Far from being inspected. The Confederates are crawling in. Zhang Zongchang has just opened the castle and ran away. Be wary all night!"
"Fufufufufufu."
The soldiers got up again, blowing out.
[# 5 indentation] 22 [# "22" is a middle heading]
Zhang Zongchang and Sun Chuanfang abandoned Taian without fighting. And he tried to support the moment by the line of Jieshou.
However, he was squeezed by Feng Yü-hsong's cavalry unit, which bypassed the Yellow River and squeezed here from the side, and Chen Diaoyuan's predominant unit, which sewed to the south of Taishan and appeared in the Ming plain, and did not fight. In the meantime, the leader and the line of the Yellow River were abandoned.
The defeated army struck an avalanche and retreated to this old city of Jinan.
Then, the iron bridge of the Yellow River was destroyed and the Tsuura Line was retreated toward Tianjin. Shandong soldiers, afraid to escape, fought earlier. I hung a ladder on the roof of the freight car and climbed up. I almost fell off. A soldier was laid on the roof.
Approximately six hours later, the third master of the Confederate Gu Zhutong, who spent the night at the Royal Toneri Villa, began to enter the castle at the same time as the dawn. Subsequently, Chen Diaoyuan's 13th and 22nd teachers entered the castle. Just a while ago, the stationmaster of the Tsuura Line stop, who had the convenience of an excellent locomotive for Zhang Zongchang, guided Gu Zhutong to the stop and the wireless telegraph station. Immediately it was occupied by the Gu Zhutong army.
One hour later, the unit of Kayoso arrived along the Tsuura line. Three hours later, Fang Zhenwu arrived from the side along the Yellow River. All of these troops would have been about 20,000.
It's night. Near midnight, the march column, the car, and the husband of Daiyuki Lee, who was carrying a pot kettle, arrived at the station.
Two boy soldiers with pistols stood on the left and right in one fine car, paying close attention and staring at them. Despite his hard work, the boy somehow managed to get his brain struck by relentless sleep, and when he stood, he was about to be dragged into another world.
The car was protected by cavalry in the front, back, left and right. Still, the car is still busy.
The corps was blocked by a horse on the street. Both the horse and the car slowed down and barely slipped through the gap. From the window of the car where the boy with a pistol was standing, suddenly, a long-faced, Sakhalin, and a cheeked face came out of his neck. "What is this?"
"This was built by the Japanese army."
"For what reason, I made something like this domineeringly," he said, looking at the neighborhood with his constantly moving eyes, saying, "There is also a sandbag base, and the wire fence. Isn't it all over the place? "
"Okay."
"A soldier tie is standing, even a machine gun is installed ... This is a work equivalent to taking hostile action against my revolutionary army! Why do you withdraw such a thing? Didn't you ask me to do it! "
"Ha ..."
The man on horseback near the car also seemed to be a staff member or a teacher.
"I have to make a strict protest to withdraw this kind of thing at all!"
After passing through the denial horse, the speed of the car was added. The boy soldier, who was about to squeeze, suddenly struck his head and opened his eyes. The corps rushed towards the castle.
This was from the son of Moscow in Moscow a year ago, "... you are now the enemy of the Chinese people. Father You are the hero of the counter-revolution and the head of the new bourgeoisie. You slaughter workers in Shanghai. In response, bourgeois around the world will of course call you with a welcome remark, the imperialists will bring numerous gifts, but that proletarian art is stubborn on one side. Dream, don't forget! Father, you became a hero of the world by the coup d'etat. But I believe your victory is temporary. Father! The conminists are ready for the fight day by day. I'm preparing ... "It was a party of the traitor, Bourgeoisie's military headquarters, who was struck by this tragic letter.
[# 5 indentation] A few [# "A few" is a middle heading]
A Chinese officer was moving his mouth with a melon in a group of demonstrations of Nakayama clothes. The city is a display of various airborne leaflets. On the stripped red gate, the blue sky with a white sun flag on an elongated rod is blowing a large wind.
Biko Nakatsu changed the cotton clothes of the Shandong Army to a large puppet 《Taakoal》. He left the castle. Then, instead of getting on the falling train of Zhang Zongchang, he stayed in an open port.
Recently, Zhang Zongchang twisted that thick neck to avoid his eyes from clicking. The Russian Milklov wasn't good either. I'm Saitosh, the younger brother of Mrs. Fifteenth. Nakatsu confirmed the intuition he had had for a long time since he left Suzhou for a while and went to Suzhou.
"After all, I didn't like me anymore."
Zhang didn't tell him anything. Even if I said that I had arrived, I just gave a nod.
"If you like it, you don't have to," he thought.
"Human feelings of good and bad can't be controlled by myself. That's what I have. It's a clear story."
Still, he got a little sick. It revealed the true nature of the past. Without consulting with Zhang adult, he shot and killed a general graduate who retreated at Rinjo with a pistol. Clean up the injured soldiers who are not expected to heal! I issued an order.
The injured soldiers to be buried are
"I feel sorry for you! We fought for adults and were injured.-Are you burying such a living person?"
I begged for pity.
"I'm injured for Zhang adult and buried for Zhang adult. You guys are stupid!" This was a good word for Nakatsu himself.
"That's pity! Isn't it pity!"
Wow / \ I cried out aloud.
The murderous rough work comforted his rough feelings.
Adults retreated to the old capital without any conspiracy and stubbornly. Then, he abandoned the public office, where he lived for two and a half years. If you throw it away, it's a complete downfall. The people's hearts are separated. From Zhang Zuolin, he is eating a reprimand. There is no other way than the downfall. Nakatsu was watching it.
"Damn! Now is the time to close the rotten relationship with him."
‥ …… He has turned into an old Ronin. As soon as he retreated from the front, he stood at Inokawa's house. Takesaburo is groaning at the detention center. There is no man injured at home except Mikitaro. This was also not in the daytime. This was a great convenience for him. For a while, being on the front line and not seeing Suzu aroused fifty passions, rather than diminishing his feelings.
His feelings for Suzu are that an old man loves his young daughter, who is his grandson, from the inseparable lust of old age. ――When you think that you feel like that, yeah, it's troublesome to have a loofah in love and to be elegant and still cool. Would you like to go with a rough treatment and disrespect it without permission? That is more interesting! And, I went back and forth between these two like a ride. He was happy to bite into his feelings for this bra.
It was fun to bite and fantasize about what to do before that.
Nakatsu's visit again, which did not scare him or Shun so much.
There was a river at the end of the city. The water from the fountain in the castle, which has been springing up since ancient times, did not make any noise. A Chinese soldier with a round waist pokes his head into it like a herd of hippos and becomes muddy.
On one side of the city, soldiers in Nakayama clothes of blue mice were crawling all over like ants. On the other side, khaki clothes were shining in the sandbags. It was like Shamo kicking each other, before that, first glaring and asking the other party's plow. Beggars and wanderers who had nothing to rob were strong.
Suzu, Shun, and mother all knew that their house was the only one in the group of ants in Nakayama clothes, beggars, and wanderers. And I was scared of it. Everybody else is Chinese.
At the time of retreat, the Shandong army stole money in several places and fired unnecessarily as an extra charge. Nakayama's eyes were hostile. Anxiety became worse / \.
The visit of Tsuwamono and Nakatsu, who went up the horsemen, became a slight subjective alleviation to this anxiety and fear. Nakatsu is good at pistols. Gaze. His presence reassured them.
A narrow street full of trash covered with stones, Eh [# "Emphasis mark"] Chinese people with unknown bodies come and go like dogs. Inokawa's house is a Chinese-style house with heavy stones and thick walls, but with windows cut into the walls and stone-built fences that are likely to be found in the countryside of Shikoku, China is immediately available. It was distinguishable from a human dwelling. When I saw the long, fluffy Chinese clothes, Suzu, Shun, and my mother felt like they had a pistol in their pockets, and it was creepy. And I felt anxiety similar to longing, like clinging to someone.
Nakatsu has a light and gorgeous Japanese girl's kimono, Japanese with a dialect of Shikoku, and a soft body like a youthful chicken breast. While enjoying the sight, he sympathized with the family's anxiety, made a worried look, and said something special and helpful.
For Sen, Nakatsu ate breakfast, ate lunch, ate dinner, and stayed until late at night, so he put on a small wallet and did not spare.
Shun was innocent.
Suzu was confused when he tried to go to Nakatsu with a familiar / \ attitude that he was not particular about, like other third parties. For some reason, my face was red and hot. Nakatsu has been robbed, murdered, raped, etc., and is hated and ridiculed by many as a terrifying scorpion. Nevertheless, in reality, he is still the owner of a humorous, funny, cheerful smile. This was bizarre and pleasant for Suzu. However, when Nakatsu came, from the moment he crawled into the front door, on his way home, he left the double-door gate, and until that time, he looked back once again, for twelve hours or fifteen hours, during that time. For a minute, I kept a scary eye, including a smile, on her face, neck and hands. It was cramped and stuffy for me.
The relentless gaze was still poured from here even when she was doing errands and not looking at him. She felt that.
Occasionally, she somehow licked Nakatsu's thick, hairy, sturdy arms, hugging herself from behind, and licking her neck like a bear [# "emphasis mark"]. I was worried about it. I was horrified.
Without my brother, this fear was still strong. When my mother was gone, I felt that fear and danger were more and more imminent.
Suzu felt like relying on her sister and her nephew who couldn't walk. Like a little bird, he was crouching in the corner.
Mikitaro felt two fears attacking this family. At the same time, both my sister and mother thought that the obsession with the violence of Chinese soldiers was terrifyingly strong, but the horror of Nakatsu was hardly conscious of the women. In particular, it was my mother who didn't care about it. That was his dissatisfaction. My mother seemed to deliberately pull Nakatsu home. He was in conflict with his mother. I didn't know that feeling / \, and my mother might have felt it in words.
One night, I was told that I would like to evacuate to the company house of the match factory with only the gold merchandise because I could get a six-mat storage room open for a while. My mother suddenly said that she didn't like Nakatsu and wasn't pulling her home. Mikitaro felt that sharp edge came to him.
"Why are you feeling awkward? Even if my mother A communicated with Nakatsu, did I ever get it?" Mikitaro wondered. "Stupid, misguided!"
He was silent in this case.
"If you don't like it, you don't have to go to the company housing."
He said briefly. I shut it up. My mother hysterically hasn't had a day without worrying about Takesaburo and you since she came to her wife. Who is the reason for coming to China and doing this kind of glamor! I went crazy with crying.
Weirdly, the mechanism inside the house became a tonchinkan.
The next night, Mikitaro was in the place where he had a younger sister.
"How long does Nakatsu-sensei stop without running away? I'll be a prisoner of war."
"I've stopped following Zhang Zongchang."
"Why?"
"I don't know why," Shun replied to his brother, who returned from the factory while doing what he was doing.
"I'm staying here all the time."
"When did you say that? When did you hear it?"
"I said that on the day I returned from Jieshou. Another week ago .-- Did you have to ask your brother?"
"What do I listen to! You, why did you hide it from me?" He also hysterically moaned.
"--He's staying here forever (while he's / \ irritating / \) he's gonna not put on a sword!"
"No." Even Shun suddenly turned red. "I'm not saying that."
"Idiot! Idiot! You guys would be happy that your relatives couldn't come out yet!" Somehow, even Mikitaro's mechanism went crazy. He stared at his two sisters and screamed as if to kick them. "Because I don't have a relative and I, that guy is going to get angry! I don't know that!"
"* [#" (Making of wrinkles-亠) / many ", 4th level 2-80-13] 呀" Teiya "! * [# "(Making of wrinkles-亠) / many", 4th level 2-80-13] 呀 << Teiya >>! "
Ichiro, who knows nothing, came by Mikitaro's knees.
[# 5 indentation] 24 [# "24" is the middle heading]
A street vendor was opened in a corner of the dusty street.
The Chinese were dusty in bronze, just like the street. The store is a property. Behind the stall, half-finished Chinese furniture was empty.
A flock of blue rat Nakayama clothes passed by. The bronze-colored seller, who was skeptical and cautious, was struck by Nakayama's clothes without any time to sneak up on the store. Screams, swearing, drowning deadly hand and leg struggles, and stall capsizes. …… The laughter shook my stomach, and Nakayama's clothes were scattered. There was neither a boiled egg left on the plate and the colander, nor a piece of pork boiled in oil.
Nakayama clothes jumped around the city / \ and mumbled cheerfully while walking. On the other side of the street, khaki clothes were pulling a wire with thorns to do the work. I was glaring at each other. This is glaring. The other side is glaring. The stone flew.
At that time, a Japanese man with a Chinese man was blamed for a bayonet sentry on a narrow street that was laid on a solid sandbag base that had been redone to triple resistance on the west side.
"You don't seem to be Japanese," the picket disciplined. "Isn't the Chinese language too good?"
"I'm Japanese."
"Is that so?" The dirty sentry was surprised.
"I'm really Japanese."
The man had his lower front teeth completely missing.
"What is that chankoro?"
"Kochu is an undeliverable worker who left the factory this morning, now ..." I was fluffy because I had no teeth, and I couldn't pronounce it well. .. Two swords are shining in the chest. Koyama wiped the sweat. On the contrary, it deepened the suspicion of the sentry. The military is very grateful. However, if one mistake is made, it is a horrifying thing. Koyama hurriedly explained that he was the foreman of the Rinsai factory, that he went to catch a worker who was trying to escape, and that he was staying at his factory as a soldier. It was muddy and muddy.
On the other hand, the picket with a firm look then went to the small sentry chief, and went to the cramped dark Chinese house just before the street. The suspicion of the sentry seems to be clear. Soldiers were wriggling in the light of Cantera.
"Sergeant! This may be a Confederate spy. His face and words are quite suspicious."
Koyama, who had become troublesome, felt something inconsistent while taking care of the military at the factory.
"Well, what's the matter?" A familiar voice called out from the dark corner.
"Ah, Mr. Yamazaki!" Koyama soon realized that he was a spy Yamazaki. Was saved!
He shook hands arrogantly, straddling the wriggling soldiers in an attempt to show his closeness to Yamazaki, especially in the face of the picket.
Yamazaki in black Chinese clothes, along with Nakatsu in similar Chinese clothes, was sitting on a long seat in front of a sleepy sergeant in one corner.
"What happened?"
"Thai soldiers here, this isn't that soldier Thai who sees trouble at the Wasshu factory." No matter what, soldiers and others who should stand in my wind! Koyama cut his mouth with a tone that couldn't be said. Early in the morning, he chased the fleeing craftsman and told him that he had caught a sword in the filth drying area behind the pile of filthy dry matter.
"That's it. That's it."
At the entrance, I pointed to the terrifying, dirty and blue Chinese while squinting my eyes. I was 21 years old. There were three bumps on the forehead. Just a while ago, the red blood was bleeding, which was a bump that was hit by him.
"There was also a stupid guy. Even Zhang Zongchang's soldier, Thailand, doesn't have a fool to run away and get caught," Nakatsu ridiculed. "Well, how about a man? It will be a unique medicine for other people."
Nakatsu's murderous eyes seemed to start even with a tongue lick.
Koyama squinted his eyes and did not oppose it. The soldier looked up and saw Nakatsu unusually.
There was a gunshot in the direction of glaring and flying stones. Everyone listened. Yamazaki and Nakatsu hurried out. Yamazaki once reminded me that he had told the sergeant from the very beginning.
"my mother."
The sergeant was bowing to his back in the dark.
On the street, a wanderer rushes in the direction of the gunshot. The foot binding escapes from that direction. There was also a gunshot. Soon, a gray armored car rushed through the corners of the machine gun, screaming, as if crushing one side of this small collision. The dog hangs around.
"Chie! I can't do this!"
Yamazaki was struck by the dust of the car from his head and shook his tongue so that his master would be dissatisfied with his disciple's missteps. He had a deep plan as him. He struggled for that. Anyone who could use it used it. Nakatsu was also a stock that was used.
"You can't do this kind of thing. If you want to win, lose first!"
He muttered to Nakatsu.
"Isn't it possible to win or lose? The ants there should bring a cannon and lick it all at once!"
"That's ... everything, if you don't have a cause for your work, even if you win, the one who wins loses."
"It's always a hassle to do what you guys do!"
Yamazaki liked Nakatsu's courage and the size of his face among the Chinese. It's a property available. However, this unsophisticated Gorotsuki was so absorbed in other fantasies that he refused to consult him. I didn't like it.
――Gu Zhutong occupies the Tsuura Line stop and the radio station. It was extremely dangerous. It bothered Yamazaki most badly. The coverage sent to his home country and around the world must be what he wants. For that purpose, it didn't matter if there was some fabrication. Gu Zhutong holds the communication agency. Then Chiang Kai-shek couldn't go any further towards Tianjin and Beijing. This is the worst thing to do to secure Manchuria. Therefore, something is needed for the cause. It can be said that it is a clue. The best way to make it is to use a gorotsuki like Nakatsu as a hand.
An officer jumped out of the side street.
The small squeeze has subsided. The two walked toward Tokoji, like a fool who saw only the peeping sign.
"Hey, don't give up on your childish daughter, and help me with my work," Yamazaki cut out like a joke.
Nakatsu was crazy about counting the beauty of his hands, legs, shoulders, nose, mouth, etc. while walking down the road. He was fantasizing about a plan to invite her. How humorous the plan is. I didn't think about what the result would be. He was thinking of taking his daughter out. And it was fun to plan and daydream it. Nakatsu broke down his plan while Yamazaki said that he was smiling and smiling.
"How many are you?" Asked Yamazaki.
"Fifty-three."
Apart from that, Nakatsu didn't wonder.
"That girl is as old as your child. Maybe only one-third of you are."
"That's right. You don't understand my feelings. That soft, kidish place is so irresistible. I'm until this year. I've never seen such a girl. What the hell ... I feel like I'm attracting all of us. "
"When you're old, say something like a young, azure young man!"
"It's not such a trivial matter. I can't stop this decision, no matter what you say."
"Fufufu," Yamazaki sneered. "Hey, it's a cute girl, but ... but if you're the one, that girl's mother, A, just brought it. If you're a married couple with that old lady, how about that relative being in the consulate in Hero? Why don't you get beaten up and turn your grandmother into one [# "thing" as an emphasis mark]? Then I'll help you too. "
"I'm not kidding.-That rotten old woman, Aki / \. After all, I have to be a virgin! The taste of a virgin is special again!" I won't get such a girl! "
Koyama eats feces for the soldiers of the Chinese house! I made a face like that and left there. The captured craftsman followed him.
[# 5 indentation] 25 [# "25" is the middle heading]
Takesaburo went to S Hospital from the consular police detention center.
He cut off the small toes of his feet at the edge of the Seto Hiki basin.
It was possible to get out of the detention center. A young foreign ministry police officer, fresh from the mainland, followed him to the hospital, watching him with a stern look.
At the match factory, the manager was more concerned than the army itself about the withdrawal of obstacles in the defensive area due to Chiang Kai-shek's protest, the danger of a collision between the Confederates and the Japanese army, etc. The employees were fidgety from the morning.
It is not always the case that the craftsmen do not deal with the radicals of the Northern Expedition. Around 10 o'clock, Mikitaro was informed that his relatives had gone to S Hospital.
Mother 《Fukuro》 and a Chinese man with a tight collar of Dabu / \ suddenly jumped into the office, overtaking the blaming police officer. He was surprised.
Mother was out of breath, looked like a child full of insects, and couldn't speak anything, as if she didn't know what to say. When Mikitaro saw it, he was immediately worried that he might have been taken care of.
"Early, S Hospital, left" Chui ". Your father, Tsuan, is injured. Japanese Tayu" Riventaifu ", medical examination", bleeding.
The Chinese, who seemed to be a good man with a tight collar, used Japanese and Chinese in a mess. I rush to tell Mikitaro about the story. Wrinkles were formed between the eyebrows at a distance. The more I rushed, the more Japanese became tangled at the tip of my tongue. After boiling the karma, I finally shouted in Chinese only. I understand.
Mikitaro turned his contemptuous eyes to the manager who was sneering at Koyama, suppressing the annoyance and saying a word. Immediately, I jumped out to the hospital. Soldiers were dragging the refusal horses to retreat into the city.
"Wait a minute," my mother called later.
"..."
Mikitaro didn't reply intentionally when he knew he was his mother.
"Wait a minute!" My mother repeated.
"What?" He made an angry voice.
"I have to take this with me." My mother, like a child full of bugs, stood in front of the police officer of the gate. "It's useless without this."
I took out a small paper box, Kobako, from between the obi. It's "Kwai Shan Kwai".
"Is the house okay?"
Mikitaro didn't want to say it, but Nakatsu was still anxious and said it.
Mother was silent because she couldn't understand what she was asked.
"Is the house all right with Shun?"
"Ah," my mother said innocently. "Now, the chief came to pass by. It's okay."
"Nakatsu is here! -You don't know what to do!"
"..."
"You should come back from here." Mikitaro thought he couldn't stick to the feelings of a small mess. I said flatly.
"What about my dad?" My mother hesitated.
"Soo and Shun must be alert to what they can do."
"But ..."
After all, my husband seemed to like it. What should I do! I couldn't force it any more. My mother followed him in a hurry to the hospital with a Chinese man with a tight collar.
He was faintly aware of Nakatsu's dangerous conspiracy. While fighting with my mother, I was still repeating the song "Enkyoku" so as not to leave my house. Nakatsu went home to pass by his mother. ――It was even imagined that Nakatsu had an obscene smile on his face. And the anxiety became stronger and stronger.
Takesaburo put up with the body that had run out of heroin as much as possible at the detention center of the consulate. However, I couldn't put up with the 29-day detention period. He snarled and scorned at the young police officer's contempt, snarling and dying, fluttering and physically suffering.
A long time ago, I became a member of the village council. I tried to catch the other bribery guys. The dashing face of that era has been completely lost. In the white bed of the surgical room, while being pressed by the nurses, Mikitaro first thought of it when he found a relative who looked like a yellowish, dying jaundice patient. Who decided to do this! We are not protected by anyone! The benefits of Japanese people are not valid for the poor!
A young, male, Chinese doctor wore a bandage around his right leg, which was full of bones. The relatives moaned while being rolled up.
At first glance, the doctor felt like a Japanese person. Red blood spilled from my relative's toe, Ashiyubi, after being wiped with gauze. The white bandage was dyed red from the soba noodles.
The guardian Chinese was standing beside him with a dumb face. As Mikitaro crawls in, the young police officer with a hat and a headband of shrimp tea, who came from the consulate, went out of the room with a little face to face. Mikitaro brought it to his relatives to give him "Kaijo Kai". So the policeman was distracted and left. ――That was immediately felt by Mikitaro.
The relative was like a starving corpse, the bones jumped up [# "emphasis mark"], the orbit was dented toward the back, and he was panting / \ moaning.
"At this time, it's better to put up with not giving the anesthetic again and break the bad habits!", The son thought.
The relatives had morbidly depressed eyes, and when they admitted their son, they could ask the police officer outside the door, and asked for "pleasure" like a difficult child.
"Che! It can't be helped!"
The medicine was given.
Takesaburo devoured himself, no matter what. In the meantime, I inhaled a small amount of anesthetic.
"I've been suffering, suffering, and finally doing this trick. I smashed my little toe with a washbasin.-Otherwise, I couldn't get out of the custody. No matter how much I was. The guy at the consulate laughs at me when I hit him around. "
Mother and a Chinese with a tight collar came over. Takesaburo, who had been given medicine, forgot about the pain in his leg. He frolicked at those who surrounded him, and even smiled like a man on his lips.
"I've become completely captivated by heroin!" Mikitaro thought. "I want to suck heroin even if I cut off my finger! Exchange finger and heroin! If I hadn't even come to China, that wouldn't have happened! Unless I was kicked out of that village, this would happen. I didn't become! "
He felt scared.
"Isn't there anymore .... Hey, let me smoke! Let me smoke!"
Relatives also started to scream like children.
There may be how many opium, morphine, and heroin prisoners of war in China, like this Takesaburo, brought in by foreigners! Because of opium, it is unknown how many humans will be destroyed as * [# "Yamaidare + Haya", 4th level 2-81-77]. ......
[# 5 indentation] 26 [# "26" is the middle heading]
A bald, shabby lame crawls into a cobblestone alley covered with heat and dust.
Hyuk / \, the appearance was a terrible way of walking. However, I walked lightly and quickly.
After a while, it came back from the cobbled cobblestone alley. It was lighter than before and seemed to fly with one chinba's leg. Eventually, when I called a Western car, I jumped on a pair.
"Do it fast!"
The Western car was sucked into the streets of dust and flame heat.
At one of the houses in the stone wall at the back of the alley, Suzu was sewing, loosening, and sewing dresses toward a cheap hand sewing machine. She doesn't like the stitches that don't go straight and parallel.
Tenmuki nose Ichiro looks like his eyes all over his face. My eyes were shining brightly. It's just like Toshiko. He crawled beside Shun. I tried to pull the villa that Shun was reading with a small hand.
The villa is a villa from Chiang Kai-shek. It's also a little different from the Hanben of the school's Chinese reading book. Shun couldn't read it easily.
"Well, wait."
She drove Ichiro who came to grab it by hand. Play a toy dog.
――The national government exempts the tax in full only in this region. ......
Ichiro gave a dog. Then, he spreads his hand again and grabs it. The villa becomes wrinkled. Shun stretched it out and read it again.
――Zhang Zuolin, Zhang Zongchang, robbery, rape, selling country …………
Suddenly, Ichiro knocked down the villa from her hand with both hands. The paper came off / \. It's still good.
Shun didn't think it was regrettable. She was thinking about something. Suzu is focusing his attention on the sewing machine. The needle moves up and down rapidly and regularly. The stitch is sent as Jari / \.
"Hey, that person was kind of weird today."
"What?"
Suzu was an empty reply.
"Something seemed to be a plot, with those angry eyes, I didn't just look at us all over the house. The way I laughed in my eyes and mouth. There was something scary. "
"Is that so."
Shun like a cat remembered Nakatsu's actions from the other day in Iro / \. There were signs of something terrifying for a few or forty-five days.
"Hey! Hey! ..."
Shun called his sister again [# "Shunha" is "Shunha" in the bottom line]. ......
In a room of Tokosan in China, Nakatsu's friends who were disguised and stayed in the city after Zhang Zongchang's retreat were gathered. Forty-five people. They liked the rough, unreasonable work more than rice. The low-pitched, chunky Tang was a man who grabbed an enemy sentry with his bare hands, ate up his throat whistle, and robbed him of his gun and sword. Everyone had the experience of holding a rich daughter and Hosono as hostages three or five times.
Floor 篦子 《Chianpaise》, Takuko 《Chiozu》, Desk 《Ooze》, Flower-patterned teapot, travel bag, pile of silver coins.
Nakatsu was at the stage of executing the plan of looting, which he had reworked several times with fantasy, and he was still at a loss. Let's do it from the ground up. It's good to love your granddaughter, just as you love your granddaughter. That may be better. I never got lost like this. But to his friends, it didn't burp. Anyway, I talked about how to do it. When I was driving in the defensive area of ​​the Japanese army, where my friends were divided into three cars, I told Yamazaki and negotiated with no one. This is because it is troublesome for the picket to find out that he is forcibly loading his daughter in kimono. When I approached the area where the Confederate Army was stationed, I set up the blue sky with a white sun flag that I had already obtained in my car. I decided to do that.
Two cars are flowing through the city. Nakatsu lures her daughter out and walks past it. The previous one makes a sudden stop. In a moment, the friends who jumped out kidnap their daughter into the car. Nakatsu gets in the car behind him and goes after him. It was decided like this. If my sister also has children, all three will be kidnapped. Then, from here to the coast of the Yellow River, which is about four miles away, * [# "Sanzui + Raku", 4th level 2-79-40] mouth "Ronko", take a breather and then fall toward Tianjin. That's right. It was such a plan. If Suzu didn't get on Nakatsu's sword, five people were going to break into the room. There was no choice but to abduct him for violence. Gold had 500 yuan of silver. Then there were 3,500 yuan banknotes that didn't pass.
Nakatsu still had to work for about 1,000 yen.
Yamazaki of the same inn frequently tried to discourage this riot. A stingy man. Nakatsu told me that it was because he hated lending money. It was at a critical point. And the more he was stopped, the more he became an Ikoji.
"Well, hey, that's ..." said Yamazaki. "If you're a kappa, you still know, but what do you do with a flirty girl who doesn't have a bitasen? Yeah, it's not a joke."
"Shut up!" Nakatsu tried to show that the closer the time was, the more upset he was and the calm his shit.
"If you're so enthusiastic from the core, why don't you just apply for marriage without doing anything? Why don't you officially get a daughter without doing barbaric violence? Then I agree with you. "
Nakatsu laughed, "Idiot!" "Even Zhang adults, on the way to Beijing's Dong'an Market" Tong Anshich ", immediately took a look at a different car and decided to go to a car, and we decided to apply for marriage. It doesn't suit my gender. It's far less annoying and fun to go for what you want without hesitation. "
Nakatsu's companion, Heifukui, nodded in favor while squinting his muddy eyes.
"After all, you guys can't get out of the bandit's habit."
Nakatsu laughed.
"It's only about that girl's older brother and you, who are logical. In this wide China."
"No. I'm serious. For you."
"I'm serious and sick! ... If you like it, you'll just make it a sword, and if you don't like it, you'll just sell it. Know! "
"It's going to grow a lot! I don't know how to pass the picket line."
"Fufufu .... If you don't know, you don't have to know. Instead, I'll break it up too--I've grabbed as much material as I can."
This was scary.
The five people who gathered took a liquor cup before departure. Compared to the five, Yamazaki still had a somewhat Japanese feel to it. Even if I squeezed Sakazuki, I couldn't get enough of it. The five pistols on his skin, all of which are filled with ammunition, are from the top of the big baby, two on the chest, two on both sides, and one on the right waist pocket. Was found out by. ――This kechin-bo has a hard time accumulating money and trying to lend it to others! Nakatsu thought terribly << now / \ >>. damn it! This guy isn't coming to China to enjoy a free-spirited life. I'm coming for a small amount of money! Check! Damn!
The car has arrived.
Once again, Nakatsu was officially married and loved like a grandchild!  I thought.
It was more peaceful and better. However, he was taking another step into the river. Anyway, I have to cross even a torrent!
"Well, let's go out." He stood up. I was also worried that I wouldn't have enough money.
"Boy, what happened to the blanket?" Said Heifukui, who squinted and agreed. "Put that Russian blanket on the car in front of you." Kaoru also squinted happily. "--When you pass through the city, if you don't wrap a woman from your head, it's a little difficult to work with today's martial law. Gagged in that khaki-clothed sentry. It's the last day when the fitted woman is found. "
The five people got dressed and went out to the corridor. From the window glass on the second floor, I saw a blue rat dress sticking my hand into the pocket of a passerby. The boy brought a blanket.
"That's not it. It's a Russian blanket."
赫 screamed loudly.
Nakatsu's way of sprinkling gold was rough. Another beautiful girl-like boy over there came out with a reddish-brown Russian blanket in his hand.
"Um, this is this." Kaoru received it at the stairs. It's an elaborate, thick, somewhat rugged blanket. 赫 twisted both hands for a moment. In an instant, I wrapped a beautiful boy in a blanket from my head.
"* [#" Mouth + love ", 3rd level 1-15-23] 呀" Aiya "! The boy was surprised at the surprise.
"How are you doing this?" Proudly looking at the others, Kaoru looked around at the way he had obtained.
"If you do this, you've already done it."
Nakatsu was laughing with satisfaction.
Yamazaki was seeing off these five Gorotsukis as if he wanted to get some change. Suddenly, he whispered something to Nakatsu's ear. Nakatsu nodded. --Some money was handed over to Nakatsu. ......
The car goes out from Taumaji "Tamar" to the weft "Ui" 4 | Road "Le" where the refusal horse and the wire fence are not working hard, and it is eternal at 7 | Umaji "Maru" * [# "thread +" Commission, Level 3 1-90-11] Turn toward the gate "Insuimen" and detour by choosing a line in the middle, which is neither the guard area of ​​the Japanese army nor the area where the Confederates are scattered. .. Nakatsu boarded the Ten Kings of Hell "Siwanten" in a Western car.
It is in the Tate station district that the lure daughter is kidnapped. The meeting had been completed.
Nakatsu was from a Western car. About an hour ago, I walked along the cobblestone alley that crawls in and out like a fly. Acacia green leaves were rustling in the wind. Below that, he went on.
While pulling a lame, with a healthy footstep like a young man. It seemed that my feet didn't touch the ground.
The gate was closed.
Nakatsu called Wang Jinhua << Wanchinfa >>. There is a sign of people inside. But I didn't get a reply. He also called.
After a few compulsive words, Kannuki [# "Kanuki" has an emphasis mark] was snapped off. A Chinese boy stood quietly inside.
"What happened!"
"Yes .... Welcome."
"What happened?"
Indoors, Suzu, who had been sewing until just a while ago, couldn't see the sewn dress as it was. There was neither Shun nor Ichiro.
"What happened?"
Nakatsu quickly made a round of the rooms that he knew what he was doing. There was a time when I ran away with only my body and nothing. ―― "I felt it! I was hiding somewhere. I ran away!"
I was wandering around for a while. Those who had been waiting in the car pushed me in a hurry.
They were the ones who liked looting and violence.
The Buddhist altar was repelled. The extract was removed. The pleasant and pleasant "Kwaishan Kwai" and the copper child "Tonzuru" ran down on the floor like crap.
A variety of well-decorated indoor items were thrown out from one side. What was remarkable was that five hands grabbed it and hurriedly screwed it into their pockets.
The looting of my daughter was replaced by the looting of household goods.
It was also very interesting to them.
[# 5 indentation] 27 [# "27" is the middle heading]
Mikitaro and his mother, Fukuro, tried to go home from the hospital. I got on a Western car.
From nowhere, I heard 56 rifle sounds.
I thought it was fireworks.
A group of Hyokan Mongolian cavalry flew southward like the wind, making sand smoke.
The soldiers in khaki clothes lowered their bayonets and appeared in pieces. The firing of rifles, like smashing beans, has become a rage for everyone. When I went to "Ui" 6 | Road "Ru", my husband was intimidated and squeezed.
"Do it fast! You have to go home!"
I came to the 5th road. Bullets fired from the second floor of the thick-walled Western-style building flew over the streets with Hiuhiu.
Soldiers run. A Japanese person runs barefoot in front of his shirt. A woman with bangs from the crimson satin runs like a fall.
From there, go through to the third road. Meanwhile, Mikitaro himself couldn't help feeling dangerous.
"Do you want to do it soon! What are you doing?"
"My husband, I'm sorry. Life is dangerous."
"Kamawan! Do it, do it!"
However, the hardship just stopped progressing.
This happened suddenly due to the looting of his house. In a house that is about to collapse, even if one wedge [# "emphasis mark" is removed], the huge backbone will collapse into roses / \ at once. A little touch on the sleeves is enough to buy a fight. That is quite a clue.
The looting of Nakatsu triggered the urban warfare. Seeing Nakatsu's violence, the blue clothes that were nearby / \ pushed me. The house was smashed. The khaki clothes that listened to it struck me. The shooting started immediately. Then, in a blink of an eye, it spread all over the city. It's like what you've been waiting for.
A fierce and famous urban warfare was triggered from now on.
The dirt floor of the KS club was filled with people who had escaped from their lives.
After that, the evacuees were still pushing.
A blue-rat-colored South soldier blocked the exit, broke the wall and escaped to the next house, rented Chinese clothes, pushed a Western car passing by, and escaped as a hardship. There was a man. I witnessed my wife being abducted by a South soldier, and there was a man who had escaped. Those who come with blankets and furoshiki wraps. A person who only has monkeys and undershirts. A small child with red eyes and crying that makes him feel sick, carried on his father's back.
"Well, Momo-chan is great. When I evacuate with me, if I get caught by the Confederate Army, what should I do? A razor with my mom. He said he would cut his throat and die. "The boss of the kimono shop, who had a razor on his belly, was proudly speaking loudly. "It's really great. This is a Japanese boy."
She lifted a ten-year-old flat-nosed child high and showed it to the people.
"Well, this is really a Japanese boy."
Looking at the face of a human who knew it, this fat hen proudly repeated this, regardless of the other party's worries.
Su and Shun were pushed by people in a corner of this dirt floor and became smaller and tsukubai. Ichiro has been taken by the Confederates! They remembered it for the first time when they saw a child with red eyes that was difficult on his father's back. Where did you lose it? I didn't have a clear memory.
It was a life-threatening event to go looking for it. She was full of power to protect herself.
――In addition, a large number of women jumped in with their socks barefoot. He was a whore of Eisenri. A Chinese soldier crawls into the Joroya district. The whore was completely in a hurry.
A man in a torn shirt and trousers couldn't even sit down on the ampera, standing by a window with a blanket hanging over a bullet, biting his lips, and sticking one hand in his pocket. I was staring forward with my shining eyes. An impatient man who couldn't stay still appeared all over his body. He had lost sight of his wife and children.
"Well, Mr. Koide! Please come. My momo-chan ..."
Also, the hen started to be noisy.
When Nakatsu and his colleagues broke into her house, Shun and Ichiro and the three of them were getting smaller under the floor 篦子 "Champaise" with the palm of the horse "Makanshi" next door. .. I remember it. Certainly there were three people. The strange smell of Chinese people permeated the bed, the bedding, and everything in the vicinity.
At home, a lot of rough footsteps, screaming screams, and the noise of destruction swirled. A bokin that peels off the board. The roaring sound of a cupboard, the sound of glass breaking, and the sound of a wall rustling.
Fearfully, she crawls out from under the floor and approaches the window. Then he looked out with only his eyes out. A lot of soldiers in blue rat clothes were moving in the eerie alley of the cobblestones.
There was a dirty man with her hand sewing machine on his side and disappearing into the alley on the other side. A bird cage of wire was crouching down.
It was often given to Mr. Ki no Tsurayuki next door.
Someone heard the sound of hitting the gate from the outside. I felt like I came to kill him. He also crawls under the floor and shrugs.
The rough footsteps were approaching. They stopped breathing and listened.
It's Ki no Tsurayuki.
"You are in danger here. Please come to the toilet as soon as possible."-Ki no Tsurayuki was kind.
I ran to the toilet.
It was easy to find there as well. I was in trouble. There was a gap in the Chinese house next door trying to stick to this toilet. Shun enthusiastically climbed a six-shaku fence. And in the meantime, I jumped. That was good. Suicide jumped afterwards.
The footsteps of 56 people are kicking chairs and boxes on the other side of the fence.
It seemed to come to the toilet. The fence was kicked. I listened. The voice is Chinese. Is it Nakatsu or a South soldier? Either way, if you find it, you will be killed or you will be drawn to the naked body.
The gap between the houses was open through the alley on the other side. In a hurry, I glanced at the escaping person's shadow from a narrow gap in the white socks | barefoot. The khaki clothes of the bayonet are coming. I had no time to think about anything. I jumped out into the alley.
And, Ichimoku-san ran toward the direction where people were running. Those who went forward with slow / \ pushed away and ran. Ichiro had forgotten what happened.
Evacuees pushed to the KS club as many times as they wanted. When did you get into such a big turmoil? They wondered. Her house triggered an urban warfare. I do not know that. The bad one is the South soldier. It made me think so. Many people, of course, thought so. The trigger for the incident is always created by a reactionary gorotsuki like Nakatsu as needed. Of course I didn't know that.
In the distance or near, the cannon and gunshots were cut off / ″ \, and it echoed again. Every time the cannon was fired, the glass window quivered. A person who was slashed came in. Hours passed.
A man went out and picked up rice.
When the rice was ready, the men distributed the rice only to those they knew and the girls, and the people on the other side were eating full. But I didn't get a drink for those I didn't know. Su and Shun were filled with lonely feelings that made them feel like they were outcasts. If you have an older brother, you will be able to eat. Suddenly, I thought about that. The prostitutes in red kimono were still forced to eat rice balls one by one, even though there were many.
Yoyo, the rest of the rice that the people on the other side ate came a little around the bottom of the chest. I found annoyance as if it had been treated differently. However, if I miss it, I don't know when I can eat it again.
Everyone tended to grab the rice in their dirty hands and pick it up. It was like a miserable postcard [# "emphasis mark"].
In the evening, people were ordered to move to the S Bank dormitory. It is said that it cannot be prevented here.
Suzu clasped Shun's hand firmly. I went out to the main street along the wall so that the bullets wouldn't hit me. The usually busy boulevard was empty and no dog cubs were passing by. From time to time, the gunshots burst out.
"Look at that! That ... Confederates, a lot of things are done."
A beard man, wearing a child and running, pointed to the premises of the post office while he was screaming.
"What is it?"
Suzu glanced at her face toward the pointed person.
Inside the fence with the wire fence, the disarmament soldiers in the dark blue rat Nakayama clothes were groaning and moaning like a beast with their hands tied behind them. Dozens of people? I don't know how many hundreds there are. Forty-five khaki soldiers stood apart with their bayonets.
Suddenly, when Shun shouted something, he pulled her hand heavily and slammed on the ground.
"What's wrong?"
Shun was struck by the bullet. Blood was bleeding on the white muslin.
"What's wrong?"
The consciousness of hitting the bullet, rather than the pain of the wound, completely deprived me of the tense feeling. Shun couldn't stand up. Others ran past them more and more.
Suzu stood up with her younger sister on her shoulder. Only two were left behind at the very end. Every time / \ I picked up my heavy sister. The blood I wanted to squeeze rushed to my calf, rushing to dodge.
‥ …… People spent the night on the goza in the S bank building. Thirteen families sit on two goza. There was no doctor. Suzu tore the handkerchief and squeezed the sung purple Shun's thighs.
The two did not even have a goza edge. I sat on the board.
"It will hurt there. Sit on this."
A small aunt with teeth spread her nightwear [# "Nemaki" as an emphasis mark] instead of Goza.
Suzu didn't know the aunt's face. However, on top of that, he stretched his legs swiftly, being careful not to pollute his nightwear with blood.
The two slept side by side on the aunt's nightwear.
"Oh, it's scary. I don't know how many people were killed or killed today."
The aunt sighed and chanted Namami Dabu.
"... I don't know how many people have completely lost their property ... I don't know how many people have lost their homes! ... Oh, I'm scared! Ta! "
Namu Amidabu.
Namu Amidabu.
The night was dandruff. Shun clenched his teeth and tried to control the pain, but the groan leaked from between his teeth by himself.
The cannon was still far away, breaking the tranquility and roaring. I can hear people snoring and dogs barking. Only the lamp was brighter / \. Military police shoes cracked in the hallway with cotton / \.
The next day, after noon, the two were taken to the hospital where their father and mother had injured legs.
There, Shun was treated.
[# 5 indentation] 28 [# "28" is the middle heading]
The military and the war are accompanied by slaughter and looting.
Whenever a war broke out, looting, requisition, and murder were carried out.
This is exaggeratedly reported according to interests. Also, depending on the interests, on the contrary, it ends up being silently killed.
The number of Japanese who were slaughtered on that day was 14 including the nine who were found in the soil two days later.
The Bull newspaper in the mainland reported that it was 280 people.
The newspaper wrote that he slaughtered the woman after a cruel swearing that she couldn't stand to say naked. The daughter was locally thrust into a stick, the bones of her arm were smashed with a club, and her eyes were hollowed out. I wrote.
In front of the correspondent, he informed that the corpse's brain miso, whose skull had been smashed, was spilling on the street of dust.
Similar reports were made regarding looting.
Not only valuables and clothes, but also floorboards, tatami mats, and ceiling boards were torn off, and even elementary school textbooks were covered. He was robbed of gold chains, gold watches, the ocean "Tayan" 240 yuan, and banknotes 380 yuan. The story of the victim was posted.
A person who reads it and does not hate the Confederates is doing something wrong. Something's wrong with humans who aren't angry that it's natural to annihilate the thugs.
The power of such exaggerated coverage was strong.
The public opinion, the enemies' hearts, the courage of the soldiers, the indignation, etc. were inevitably created from such reports.
Yamazaki understood this. And I used it.
On the third day, he found a buried murderous body under the newly piled earthen bun in the field in the northeastern part of the Tsuura Line guard.
The earthen bun with a clear after the new hoe was somehow suspicious.
I dug up.
One woman and two men lay down with a mellow, sour smell. In addition, six corpses were hidden in the vicinity of the sub-tank, which was slightly separated from it. The left and right ears were cut off, and one's belly was stuffed with stones and was bulging and stiff.
Many houses in both the Ten Kings and the Tateeki-gai were overturned and lost due to looting and destruction.
Yamazaki in Chinese clothes looked around there. -I have to let you know this. He thought. Soldiers, Japanese, and inland.
From a professional sense, he knew exactly what would happen if he knew this. This man was well aware of the great effect of 280 people inside and outside the ten. War cannot be done without inducing the people into a state of excitement and enthusiasm. You have to advertise your enemies to the villainy. You have to get the sympathy of a third party! He knew this well. ......
The house that his friend Nakatsu invaded and robbed was left in the Ten Kings as a dismembered skeleton. Fortunately for him, this was the catalyst. A beggar was crawling there. After the first looting, he stole broken chairs, amperas, and his daughter's umbrella with a broken handle, which had been thrown away and scattered. I used this opportunity very well.
"Yes, this is Inokawa's house," he muttered like someone else.
"It was the source of the war that the Confederates robbed us here! That's right. The non-Confederates are in the Confederates!"
This selfish man stopped before that. Begging was sneaking behind a broken thick wall.
"Hey Yamazaki-san!"
The voice with an unpleasant memory in my ears was behind me.
"Oh, Mr. Chen" Chinsensho "!"
Yamazaki was obsessed with something that was exciting.
I masqueraded as a student at S University. Since then, it has been Chen Chang Tsai, who has promised compensation but has not handed over a single unit several times.
"How is it? How is the economy?"
――Chen looked at Yamazaki with a complicated laugh.
"Ah, that guy-it's coming again, this crap isn't all right."
"Again? This time?" Chen repeated. "... I can't say that many times!" With whom, I was able to grasp the secrets of America concretely! Who helped you to make a credit! The eyes seemed to say so.
"A nasty guy came along!" Yamazaki thought.
"Better yet, let's get rid of this mess."
He started walking.
Chen followed later.
It followed like a tail forever. I went to the town of Koanichie at Tate Station. We came to the corner to turn to "Ui" 1 | Road "Le". Yamazaki's right hand went to the pocket of Taakoal, a big boy, thinking that he had looked back and forth and left and right.
The next moment, the sound of a pistol, like popping beans, occurred in the streets. Almost at the same time, a nickel-plated item flashed in the hands of Chen Chozai.
However, Chen didn't have the time to pull the pulling iron. He raised his hand with a pistol toward the broken roof and shook his torso, and fell down heavily on the city where the crap was scattered.
"I was sick!"
Yamazaki walked. With this one pistol, the 300 yuan to give to Chen fell into his pocket. I was thrilled when I thought about it.
He gave the corpse of a woman whose ears were cut off, the corpse of a man whose belly was stuffed with stones, to soldiers, refugees, and the masses in the mainland. I needed to let you know. I thought about that. I need to let the world know! ......
I came in front of the headquarters.
"Stop!"
The picket's voice did not come into his ears.
"Stop!"
After all, he was walking while thinking about something.
There was a strict clothing inspection and caution even before the Union Army retreated. Sun Chuanfang's car was also ordered to stop there.
The owner of the car was dragged down. The pocket was squeezed.
"I'm Sun Chuanfang!"
The bald father of the gold mall stepped on the sword and regretted it.
"I'm Sun Chuanfang! Rude!"
However, the sentry did not have either the commander of the Allied Forces of Naoru or Hettakure. Everything was the same. Just do the mission.
"Che! What's Sun Chuanfang! Wearing a nice, rugged gold mall outfit, where's the bone of the horse!"
It is this sentry line that Yamazaki passed by. The sentry blamed the Chinese man in Chinese clothes.
"Stop!"
Yamazaki had forgotten his Chinese clothes and was completely feeling good about Japanese people. I was crazy about the boiling situation that aroused the passion of the crowd with cruel information. I'll talk! I'll let you know! …… And I felt that it was another Chinese who would do what. I intended to do that.
"Stop!"
He didn't notice yet.
There was a gunshot.
Yamazaki, who had five pistols and a 8,000 yen passbook on his skin, turned over.
It was slammed. Finally!
[# 5 indentation] 29 [# "29" is the middle heading]
The plane jumped.
When it was over the city, it dropped black lumps [# "emphasis marks"] in quick succession, like a bird pooping. A line is drawn in the air and the bones and the earth echo. Dropped bomb!
There are three machines. It jumps at a distance in a dogleg shape. I drew a big circle over the city like an old nest and flew around. I came over the western end. One of them popped like a glass ball. Immediately, the sparks broke out. Then the aircraft spewed black smoke and became a flame, and Tsubasa broke in two and crashed straight toward the ground.
The city battle is over.
The soldiers got a rest for two and a half days. Liquor. I smoked a cigarette that I hadn't smoked for a week in two days.
Chinese corpses are rolling all over the street.
Sour odor! Countless roaring flies.
The bunched stray dog ​​and the beggar were licking their tongues, and happily, the stray dog ​​shook its tail and wandered between the corpses.
The antenna pillar of the blown-out radio station that pierced the sky was broken, tilted, and collapsed from halfway. There was no one to look back. There was no one to fix it. A human like black soil was scraping brain miso into a bucket from the skull lying beneath it.
Suddenly dispatched!
At 4:00 am, my fatigue had healed and my sexual desire was about to hit my head. The soldiers were suddenly beaten up.
Kakimoto scraped the shin on the other side when he jumped in from the stone window of the China factory. After applying Wo Ding, the hakama became purulent, and the hakama that was tied to the kyahan was scratched. I joined the lineup while pulling a kid. The eastern sky has just begun to turn white. It attacks the walls of four heights, seven widths, and three ri surroundings. The command of the cold company commander with Rin [# "Rin" as an emphasis mark]. Invisible face. Lieutenant Shigefuji grabbed a Guntō and walked. The soldiers marched along the utility pole from a narrow exit on one side, rolling the wire fence.
The road was dew and moist. It's quiet. Only the sound of the shoes in step with each other was sucked into the dark sky with Zack Zack. On the west side of S Hospital, artillery laid a line of artillery by loosening the gacha / \ vehicle under a low-powered command. The soldiers proceeded silently. The bluish clouds were dyed in lilac and moved slowly at the red sunrise coming from the east. It gets brighter.
The private house whose ridge was folded by the crashed plane was crouching like a crab with its shell crouched. Only soldiers. The house is not popular. The grass was trampled by humans and disappeared.
Dan / \ Takatori, Kitani, Nasu, etc. have come to be clearly distinguishable. He was walking with a gun on his back and a backpack with a mess tin on his back, like a big boy.
Besides the fear of war, Kakimoto was crumpled because he was worried that Nakanjo's aunt had his child killed, his house was completely robbed, and he had no accommodation or food from tomorrow. Even though I was coming, I couldn't do anything! There was also a reason why Takatori and his colleagues were walking like a fool of Deku [# "Dekuno"]. I'm obedient.
The company crawls into the destroyed city. Window glass, doors, walls, roofs, everything is messed up. A wicker woman's clogs were thrown out on one leg and hit her shoes. The soldiers went out into a wide, devastated, grassy field, roaming a sturdy, stone-built house and fence. I crossed there. And again, he crawls into the destroyed house garbage. I bent a narrow road like sewing.
The sun brilliantly emerged from between the broken roofs of Giza / \. The sharp clouds scattered around the people in the sky have disappeared somewhere. It gets hot again! Everything that was messy was strongly illuminated.
The company went out to the main street. It is a straight line to the outer gate of the wall. In the building above the outer gate, the Blue Sky with a White Sun flag was seen as a fluttering / \.
Somewhere, it seemed that I could hear some signal. The gunshot roared from the area where the gun deck was laid far behind. Tsuku. It roars in the sky and explodes in front. Gunshots broke out in a row in the opposite east, as if to respond. In Kakimoto, the calf was named Piku / \ and Piku / \. And I got sick with my whole body.
At that time. The company column was shot from the side, without a doubt. The company commander noticed a few gunshots crackling just above his ears. From the second floor of T Hospital. Kakimoto also listened to it. The gunshot was gone.
"Ah, I'm eating a surprise from such a place!"
The Chief Master Sergeant made a sloppy voice and lay down to hide behind Acacia. The soldiers looked at each other. A bitter smile came out by himself. At the same time, they ordered the company commander's dismissal, which seemed to be ridiculous.
"Sora, I'm going to rush here again."
Takatori laughed meaningfully and said to Tamada. I heard that in Kakimoto.
"Why don't you have anything?"
Tamada raised his neck and looked around the two-story hospital. Before that was over, Lieutenant Shigefuji took the lead, smashing the open door, sticking out the bayonet gun, and plunging into the cresol-like room. Then the soldier avalanche with Doya / \. There was a nurse in white clothes. There was a sick person in the bed. Pleurisy, nephritis, gastric ulcer [# "emphasis mark"], valvular heart disease-internal medicine and surgery were separate. The doors that separated many rooms were slammed one after another. Mud shoes jumped up on the bed. The thick glass on the operating table was cracked.
According to the record at that time, "As soon as the XXX Regiment traced the dark nights and approached the castle gate, it was dangerous because the Chinese soldiers were shot from the T hospital on the north side. Although it reached the limit, due to the nature of the building as a hospital, it was temporarily difficult to take measures. Captain N had to take it, so he ousted it with a part of his troops. At that time, as a measure in case of an emergency, he had no choice but to stop at Makoto. " is there.
Approximately thirty minutes later, the soldiers pulled up the hospital with unpleasant memories clinging to their brains. I couldn't remember the unpleasant memory all day long. The next day, I couldn't get it. Kakimoto seemed uncomfortable and acted reluctantly. And I indulged in something that I didn't understand. ―― "A sick child stabbed me in the wall. Then, I blew blood from my chest and shook it underneath. It's okay to do that! "Monka!" I suffered from something like regret. "That blue-colored woman opened her mouth and slept in bed knowing nothing .... There was a small triangular hole in the blanket, and she woke up forever. I would have slept without a break .... My hand was struck at that time. The power suddenly fell out of my arm! Yes, we were forced to do that! "
They fixed the corps and headed for the castle gate. The siege battle was already in full swing. Tara! Ta, ta, ta, ta, ta, tatta! The machine gun responded from inside and outside the castle gate, and swiftly spread over to Tsuke-sama. When I think I've cut it a little, I'll go back again. A grenade was exploding on the wall.
When I saw Takatori, Tamada, Matsushita, etc., they looked moody and ate insects. Even Kuraya from the training center was thinking about something with an unfamiliar face. ――Kakimoto thought, "Yes, they are all squeezed by unpleasant memories!"
The lowest class people who hold the sword directly and kill each other cannot judge who the killing is for. It seemed to be obsessed with someone.
A Japanese compatriot was murdered. I was robbed. Even one board behind the ceiling was stripped off. They only questioned that phenomenon. And I felt anger, passion, and revenge that I couldn't help but double the killing of one person.
It was not disputed that the wrath, the passion, and the revenge were the most important factors in defeating the so-called "enemy".
With this passion, they kicked the corpse, which had given the blood festival about 15 times as many Chinese as the Japanese killed in urban warfare.
What did you do it for! For whom did you do it!
[# 5 indentation] 30 [# "30" is the middle heading]
The next morning, 6 o'clock.
The scorching day of the continent had already begun.
Soldiers lined up in a corner of the white sardine yard at the match factory.
Sensitive Lieutenant Shigefuji paid attention to the eyes of soldiers who avoided looking directly at his superiors. He saw upset, morale mourning, and unsuccessful behavior, no / \. He felt the terrible air that had been brewed during his graduation from before. Immediately, someone is hiding behind me and doing something!  I thought.
Brave, simple, and emotional, Shigeto had the keen talent to intuitively see the demands of the soldiers he was dealing with and his instincts.
He knew that, due to his feelings, the soldiers were doing something without the eyes of their superiors. Are bad. Apparently I don't believe in it anymore. Takatori beat the foreman and paid the entire salary to the workers by violence. Since then, it has been indistinguishable whether at least 56 Thai soldiers are on the road for the nation or are coming together with the workers to do the unreachable and extreme things. He paid the most attention to Takatori, among others. Many soldiers are also attracted to Takatori's discourse. I understand that too. There must be a reason for that!
The Chief Master Sergeant, who is in charge of human resources, was also aware of this. The special sergeant was serious about plotting something with the Communist Party members in China. However, Shigeto said that in that respect, it was a soldier's job, and no matter how much he could do, he couldn't do much.
When he saw the agitation, anxiety, and a certain nastyness in the eyes of the soldiers lined up, he immediately attributed the cause to / \. And I lose only on such a day. I thought. There are countless injured people. Do a big mess! He frowned.
At the very end, Takatori was trying to rewind the kyahan, drag the shoes, and join the lineup. He rushed to Takatori. I hit my cheek from the side. Deliberately, the soldiers did it where they could see.
"Hey, Takatori, don't be lazy!"
"..."
"Do you hate working for the country? That guy is a rebellious person." And he hit three more.
"Did you understand?"
"..."
Takatori's eyes were burning as if they were popping out of the orbit and rushing forward. I didn't understand why I was suddenly killed.
The lieutenant didn't like Takatori's eyes. I wasn't satisfied with my pompous attitude.
"Come on! If you're not serious, it's not for you!" He screamed.
"What's wrong?"
"Come on! Stop Takatori!" He snapped his Guntō. "I'm looking inside your belly. I know everything you do. You're scared of what you're doing yourself. I don't know. "
"Nothing is going on."
Takatori was a little confused. But soon he stared at the lieutenant with his shining eyes.
"Yose!" Shigeto said in a hurry. "I know everything!"
"Yes, what?"
He became a compensation soldier and has been beaten several times. I was kicked. The command sword was distorted. He has sneaked it many times. Others didn't make much difference.
"Thus, what are we actually being forced to do as a result of this? Tie your own neck! Nothing else! Absent."
Soldiers hit Takatori not by hitting Takatori alone. Hit them all! I felt it. I'm scared. They changed their complexion.
Sensitive Shigeto immediately noticed it, like an accurate barometer. I noticed that the soldiers were colored and strangely upset. If you hit it any more, it will become a bush snake. For the entire unit. I was conscious of it, but the intonation of the tone betrayed my consciousness. Takatori turned up and tried to say something. The lieutenant blocked it.
"What on earth are you thinking about? Yeah? What on earth are you thinking about?"
"We don't want to work because we are suffering."
"Hmm ... I don't want to be distressed. (I deliberately cheated the other person's words.) ... Then listen carefully to the command! All you have to do is listen to the command."
"..."
Shigeto didn't go any further. Fearless, he was scared before many. He saw the soldiers' complexions and cut his words. However, from the experience of dealing with soldiers, never raise the suspicion that the command you said may not be executed. Your command is sure to be executed. I believe it. Show it to the soldiers. I knew it was necessary. And I took that attitude. Takatori's attitude was far from satisfying him. However, he renewed his body and turned to a line-up of soldiers, saying that he was no longer careful.
[# 5 indentation] Sanichi [# "Sanichi" is the middle heading]
The soldier fell down like a straw doll.
Fang Zhenwu stubbornly stopped in the castle.
No matter what kind of obstruction he resisted, he showed his willingness to go to Tianjin and Beijing without attacking. The castle gate was hard and could not be broken easily. The walls were thick. The Blue Sky with a White Sun flag was forever energetic and fluttering in it. Not weak. Weapons are also new.
Chiang Kai-shek can accept any request from Japan, so let's pass through here and attack Tianjin and Beijing! Proposed. I couldn't put it in. The commander knew that Manchuria would be threatened. There, the Chinese soldiers became stubborn.
As the other units occupied the northwest corner, Tai'an Gate, and Shinkenmon, the Kakimoto unit's executives finally attacked their own yard. Many people will fall down. The merits and competitiveness of the executives were designed to weigh the soldiers. Kakimoto et al. Also noticed it. There is no time to break the winding leg bond. It became / \. It's hard and irresistible. While aiming the gun, I took a nap.
The comrades were confused and confused before they knew where and what they were doing. The city is as hot as burning chopsticks.
The green leaves of Acacia were blown off by the yellow wind 《Huangfeng》, and they flew through the city like a blindfold, mixed with dirt smoke. That night, the blue rat clothes stopped shooting. The soldiers went back to the factory and stretched their legs. Around 2 am, they had a terrifying dream. At the same time, about 200 people in the dormitory's tsuwamono [# "tsuwamono" as an emphasis mark] stopped breathing, groaned, and stood up at the present "Utsu". In a painful manner, I messed up the air with both hands.
This is an inland, a fast-paced march, a first-year soldier whose shin [# "shin" side point] does not grow, is struck by an instructor and hangs his neck on a pine branch of an old castle and dies But it was the same phenomenon that happened that night. Even then, the entire company was breathless. I groaned. And at the same time, I woke up. I don't know what you're explaining.
"This is something ominous happening."
"I think I was killed .... I was so tired that I couldn't breathe."
"Someone is actually doing it! It's impossible, it's being done illegally!"
When they realized it, they said.
"Is there Takatori? Takagi! Is there Takatori? I don't feel like Takatori came to the front of my eyes with someone!"
Kakimoto still looked like he was looking at an illusion.
I felt cold and dragged into the deep bottom.
The next morning, I found out that Takatori, Nasu, Okamoto, Matsushita, and Tamada had not returned. Everyone, wondering, said nothing when they said it. I said things with my eyes. Kitani and Kakimoto examined the injured in the hospital and the corpse of the corpse room. Not in. It's evening. I haven't returned yet. It was the morning after next. I haven't returned yet. The picket, who was replaced, turned blue due to lack of sleep and night dew, and crawled into the dormitory. There is no news.
Lieutenant Shigefuji, the conductor of Takatori et al., Came back from somewhere with a face that looked like a monkey licking his cheeks. Kitani and Kakimoto in the corner of the room noticed the lieutenant's way of laughing, as if he had a flaw in his body, but he was forced to hide it and laugh.
Kitani's intuition was tightly tied to that laughter. He felt like he could get the lieutenant's state of mind.
"How is it, today is the attack of * [#" Sanzui + Kin ", Level 3 1-87-35] Genmon" Rakugenmon "... "
"Is that so."
Kitani replied with a calm, unfriendly voice to the sullen face of the other party approaching in a good mood.
"Today, if you guys get angry, you'll fall."
"That's right.-Lieutenant! What's wrong with Takatori? I haven't returned since yesterday. I can't find it anywhere."
"What do you do when you ask it! Kitani! What do you have for Takatori?"
Suddenly, Lieutenant Shigefuji squeezed into Kitani with his rugged eyes and screaming voice. Kitani was also a curtain that could be shot dead.
"I have something to do. It's natural to notice what happened to my comrades!" Kakimoto, watching the exchange between the lieutenant and Kitani, showed his determination and anger between his eyebrows. , I grabbed my gun and stood up.
The soldiers who were wrapping the kyahan and smoking cigarettes were also nervous. Even in the other corner, when I picked up the gun and stood up, there was a person who snapped the breech bolt and put a bullet in it.
"Hey, Kakimoto, what do you do with that?" Said the lieutenant.
"No matter what you do, you don't have to say."
Lieutenant Shigefuji saw a genuine conflict between power and power. The lieutenant intended to have the power to command a platoon. But now he was just one creature in front of the one-soldier Kakimoto's gun. Just like the day before yesterday, Takatori, Nasu, and Okamoto, who picked up weapons, were only one weak creature. So he also, in a hurry, put out a cunning back hand. When he pulls 56 steps from Kakimoto,
"Well, line up! Line up! Take everyone's guns and go outside!"
While shouting, I ran away to escape from the dormitory.
"Damage! It's like a poop on the face of an officer!"
The soldiers were indignant and cursed.
Kakimoto was a little stupid and thought of a rough Takatori. Where did the funny guy who broke that bamboo go? It seemed like an idiot, and in reality it was never an idiot. It was also Takatori who approached the workers and went out. And I became friends with the worker like a friend. Soldiers gave their lives to the Russo-Japanese War and the Sino-Japanese War. Now, he is putting his life into protecting the life property of the residents. However, all of them are bright red lies. It was also Takatori who said it earlier.
"Actually, we're only going to beat the Chinese," Takatori said. Then, I asked Kakimoto what happened to the aunt's house outside Furimon with a friendly and sympathetic attitude.
At that time, Kakimoto still did not know that her aunt had evacuated to Bank S, literally wearing only clothes, and her five daughters had been killed. Even the silver coins that I put in the secret room in the basement disappeared when I went home later. I didn't know that either.
"Isn't Furimon the most damaged area?"
"That's right. I can't even go see it yet." "What are we coming here for? -Come and protect even your immediate family. I can't even see it ... I wish I could be safe with just my body. "
"Um, I don't care about it!"
"Even if we bother to come this far and have a real parent, we can't even protect that parent .... This is the truth. This is the current location of us / \. It's the true picture of the place where you are. Only those who have a lot of money can be protected. Therefore, I don't think that sacrificing us is a sacrifice. "." Said Takatori. "Here, while protecting the factory, the workers bully. The Confederates are chasing. Manchuria's profits are properly grasped with this. Manchuria But it's the most important thing for them. We only get a salary of seven yen or so a month. And life is just thrown out openly. What is the profit? There is no such thing. If you go back to the inland, you will not be able to make money unless you earn money. Even if you become a barrier in Manchuria, you can play and eat it for the rest of your life. Then why would you put it in a dormitory where the Confederate bugs of such an inconvenient and messy match factory are bullied? Elementary schools, residents' groups, KS clubs, there are many cleaner and larger buildings. That's more convenient. Where can I find a reason to put it in the factory other than to put pressure on the workers and to protect the factory? "
Kakimoto did not resemble Takatori's daring speech, and had a stain / ″ \ feeling.
"The more we interfere with the movements of craftsmen and peasants by being used to beat China, the harder it is for us to live in the mainland." Takatori also said. .. "Only the rich man is smiling at suppressing China. The rich man will make money again .... If he makes money, he will use that money to entangle us inland from his hands. I'm pushing. Either way, we can't be the only ones to get better. If we don't want the Chinese guys to do a lot, it's hard to do our inland work too! "
The high take was gone.
Kakimoto didn't understand the meaning of the last word yet.
The executives were more concerned about Sarutobi Sasuke's airborne leaflet propaganda and Takatori than the Confederates working hard in the castle, and the reddening of the soldiers who became one with the workers. I was most scared of it.
It was not contested.
[# 5 indentation] 32 [# "32" is the middle heading]
On this day, another deadly and ferocious attack was attempted.
At 3:00 pm, Kakimoto was struck by a bullet that came flying from behind the wall in the garbage. I was swayed by a truck and came to the hospital with a group of injured people.
The injured soldiers were full in every hospital room. Those who can walk on a stretcher will be packed into the hospital room at a density that allows them to crawl on / \ later. The surgical ward was packed. Injured people were also crawling in parts of the internal medicine ward and the infectious ward.
Kakimoto was put in the hospital room where the Chinese were expelled and treated for the Chinese. An iron bed with bald white paint, a straw mattress full of stains, and a pus blanket. There was no mattress or futon cover. It was worse than a normal room.
The dryness of the roasted throat, the wounds killing life, the fight against it, the pain, etc., caused the hospital room to respond with a cage-like scream.
The baldness of the battle in each department was completely expressed by the number of injured people and their unreserved injuries.
"The artillery shrapnel is killing the pawns near the gate, because they're messed up even though they're aiming wrong, because their bullets are exploding on their heads. "
The stretcher graduate who carried the injured muttered at the side of the bed.
"Isn't it using the Confederate abandoned bullets?"
"Hmm, maybe. That's why the landing goes crazy and your artillery kills your infantry."
"Che! That might be the case. It's a war, even if it's originally fragile!"
When the injured one truck was each taken to bed and the noise of the stretcher's rattling in and out of the shoes disappeared, the surgeon's wounds were still less than one-third of everyone's hands. Then the next truck roared into the sickroom. In addition, a stretcher graduate flutters his shoes and crawls in with a seriously injured person.
"There are many people who can do □ × first prize. There are already nine killed in action.-Mr. Lian [#" Emphasis mark "is a side point] is rushing to give the name of the omission. The stretcher graduate who came to the bed near Kakimoto was speaking to the injured person who brought him [# "to the injured person" is "to the elephant injured person"] in a thick low voice. "The merits of the executives have the property that they cannot be achieved without using us as a stepping stone! The corpse was piled up even in the Siege of Port Arthur. So, one general should be worshiped by God! "
Kakimoto was thin.
□ × was his regiment. Looking at it, it is Kuroiwa of the company that has been moved to the bed. The sling, which I took off my pants and attached to my leg, was stiff in red and black. They were forced to make unreasonable assaults and advance due to the captain's merits and competitiveness with other units. See, see, hurt, fall down. XX Battalion □□ Occupy! Mr. △△ company seized somewhere! It was the person with the "chief" who was burned by this notification.
"Because I can't do it. I'll try to show what no one can do with a breath!"
Kuroiwa spoke in a nervous manner rather than feeling the pain of the wound.
"Isn't every unit exerting the maximum amount of horsepower in the soldier Thailand?"
Kakimoto suddenly said from the side.
The stretcher graduate looked at him mysteriously in silence. When Kuroiwa learned that it was Kakimoto, he had a laugh in his mouth.
"Maybe."
"Yeah, that's right! This number of injured people .-- The war is a competition for the captain's merits. That's how it's done. We're slammed. We're struck by the captain's stepping stones and drop his hands and legs. Haha, the captain is the captain, and his merits are swayed from above. It's called a medal.
"Isn't we at the bottom?"
"Um, if a heavy stone is on top of us, triple or quadruple! Damn it!"
A carefree surgeon treats the soldiers with pain, screaming, and drowning, so that he can't help but flutter his limbs. I was sick. I cut a shirt stuck with blood glue with scissors.
"Is it a general success?
He overheard the complaints of Thai soldiers, and he hummed lightly in the tone of Shigin.
Kakimoto was treated by the army surgeon. And I wore a new white patient gown.
The wall fell the next day in the morning. Sitting in bed he heard it. The pain in the wound was getting less and less. Shoulder injuries made no difference in walking. On the third day, Kitani and Yamashita came to visit us.
"Hey, Kakimoto, how are you?" Kitani shouted in a masculine, astringent voice. "Takatori was killed! All five were eaten by dogs on the banks of the Yellow River and had skeletons."
I felt that it would probably have happened. However, when I heard it in reality, Kakimoto's heart was pierced.
"Well, that's right. It wasn't a joke that I was struck by the una [#" una "that night!" "
"Now, all five are carrying to the corpse room."
"Who was killed by that guy!" Kuroiwa said. "Who did it? Do you know the culprit?"
"Shut up! It's no use listening to it." Kitani waved with a solemn gesture. "I know I didn't say it. That's him!"
"Hey?"
"Hey!"
They were silent for a while.
Kakimoto walked to the corpse room with Kitani et al., Hanging one arm hanging from his injured shoulder like a toy around his neck with a sling. Kuroiwa, whose thigh bone was broken, could not move. The city seen from the garden was devastated. The grass, trampled and covered in mud, was still trying to lift its head. Acacia was even more lush, despite the wind. In the corpse room, nurses, patients, soldiers, and people in the city were clamoring for the entrance and outside the windows, like Kuroyama. Five people are standing up to see the remains of the dog sucked.
Takatori and his friends were already rotten due to the heat. The smell of carrion, which does not have a sour nose, and the smoke of incense sticks were entwined and struck my senses. I don't know which one is Takatori, Nasu or Tamada. It was covered with a white cloth. He was left alone until he was killed. Until the search team went, the hairy stray dogs gathered and sucked while licking their tongues.
"Their black hands were so terrifying!" Yamashita muttered. "But from where in this body did you come to una [#" una "as an emphasis mark]? "
Yamashita asked me quizzically [# "Kita" is "Kitai" in the bottom line].
"Well, I don't know what I'm talking about," Kitani said. "But they took the initiative because they were afraid that our weapons would poke at them! At the expense of everything to protect their interests. I don't want to go back! "
The three went over the bank of the lawn to the grass field with a trench. A crematorium was built behind the large acacia.
"We might have been killed if we made a mistake," Kitani whispered across the trench. "They're scared of us, but the next day we have a sword, we won't be the first move. First, we have to skewer their hearts!"
[# 5 indentation] Sansan [# "Sansan" is the middle heading]
[# Two letters up from the ground] ――Postscript――
The five soldiers who had only half the meat were said to be "killed in action in honor".
Their bodies, which were placed in the casket and sprinkled with oil, disappeared as smoke in the cremation box.
Their parents in the mainland would really think they were killed in action by the hateful Chankoro bullet. But the soldiers burned a new hatred of all the officers for that.
As a result of the dispatch of troops, the anti-imperialist movement was rather strongly crowded in China. It was completely destroyed * [# "Sanzui + 欒", 3rd level 1-87-35] At the source gate, "Oath Snow Konohaji" "* [#" Ninben + 爾 ", 3rd level 1 -14-45] Ninben * [# Missing in the upper right corner of "Public" instead of "Hair" in "Fu", Level 4 2-94-57] "Show Kankenma"? "* [#" Ninben + 爾 ", 3rd level 1-14-45] Note * [# Missing upper right of" public "instead of" hair "of" 麾 ", 4th level 2-94 -57] "Show Kitokuma"? "I'm igniting the hearts of the people. [# "." Is "," in the bottom line] The Japanese bourgeoisie almost achieved the goal of "securing the Manchurian colony" at the beginning of the troop dispatch, even temporarily. Due to the bombing of Zhang Zuolin, the inedible man, and the shooting of Yang Uka, who is tied to Chiang Kai-shek, the Japanese bourgeoisie has to seize Manchuria and completely occupy it, even by force. To that end, all power is devoted to it.
The workers of Fukutaka Hishiba Co., Ltd. 《Furun Hosaikonsu》 then shook hands with the soldiers and stood up. The wives of the company housing also fled to the KS club by car someday. And they never returned to the company housing. The power of the craftsman was strong. Uchikawa et al. Combined the capital of Mizunori, who is planning to unify the match industry worldwide. The craftsmen also faced a strong enemy.
Then, finally, Mikitaro Inokawa lost his house, work, and children completely due to this screaming noise. He turned the match factory into a neck.
Ichiro didn't know where and how it was lost. Perhaps the Chinese people killed the knob. He was sorry for that. I lost a child who looked a lot like Toshiko. That was regrettable. However, on the other hand, I also thought that if I was killed, I would have been killed.
However, one day.
He was walking around the area near the Ten Kings of his former residence. It hadn't recovered after the destruction. The city was even more messy and dusty. A Chinese man was biting the butt of a raw radish.
"* [#" (Making of wrinkles-亠) / many ", 4th level 2-80-13] 呀" Teiya "! * [# "(Making wrinkles-亠) / many", 4th level 2-80-13] 呀! "
Suddenly, there was a person approaching his feet. He was a child in dirty Chinese clothes. The head was shaved with bangs and albacore like a Chinese child.
"* [#" (Making of wrinkles-亠) / many ", 4th level 2-80-13] 呀! * [# "(Making wrinkles-亠) / many", 4th level 2-80-13] 呀! "
Yochi / \ and his child walked away from other children playing.
When I saw it, it was Ichiro.
Ki no Tsurayuki 《Makanshi》 was standing at Acacia, where the branches of Tsuji were torn. He involuntarily picked up the child.
Ichiro was helped by Ki no Tsurayuki.
[# Raise one character from the ground] (November 1945)
Bottom book: "Chikuma Shobo, 38, Takiji Kobayashi, Denji Kuroshima, Sunao Tokunaga"
December 20, 1978 (Showa 53) First edition first edition issued
Input: Yutaka Ono
Proofreading: Saiko Harada
Published August 14, 2001
Revised October 9, 2011
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were involved in the input, proofreading, and production.
