Until the establishment of physical space
(Kant's theory of space)
Jun Tosaka
-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]
"":ruby
(Example) Grab
[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Numbers are JIS X 0213 area area number or Unicode, base page and number of lines)
(Example) * [# Roman numeral 6, 1-13-26]
[]: Enclose the accent-decomposed European language
(Example) That part [Ra: ume]
Please refer to the following URL for details on accent decomposition.
http://www.aozora.gr.jp/accent_separation.html
-------------------------------------------------- -----
[# 3 indentation] 1 [# "1" is the middle heading]
I depart from Kant. At the same time, the relationship between the concepts used in Kant's theory of space is by no means clear. I would like to summarize them in advance. According to the first criticism "metaphysical examination of the concept of space", space is neither an empirical concept nor a "quantitative so-called general concept of relations of things in general". The concept is represented as having the representation Menge below it [# "emphasis mark" below] unter sich, but never within it [# "emphasis mark" below] in sich. Is unthinkable. However, space includes that part [Ra: ume] in sich. Therefore space must be intuition, not concept. However, since space is "an a priori inevitable representation that lies on the basis of all external intuition," space must be a priori intuition rather than empirical intuition from this point of view. This is called pure intuition [# "pure intuition" is an emphasis mark]. Next, we can represent space without objects in space, but we cannot represent that there is no space. That is, space is "considered as a possible condition for a phenomenon (which should be corrected as an external phenomenon)". Meaning that space does not belong to the thing itself, but to our [Gemu: t] subjective Beschaffenheit, in this sense it belongs to the intuitional form [# the emphasis mark in the "intuitive form"]. is there. Therefore, we got two conceptual contents about the space. Pure intuition and intuition form. It goes without saying that even though these two conceptual contents are the same conceptual contents as space, at least they are not immediately the same as the conceptual contents. Then, what kind of relationship do they have directly other than the fact that they are the same conceptual contents of the same space? Kant refers to "a priori examination of the concept of space". Space is seen as a principle that enables a priori comprehensive cognition (such as geometry) as well as when the concept is seen as given to a priori (in the case of metaphysical scrutiny) (a priori scrutiny). In the case of) First of all, it must be intuitive, not a concept. And it must be pure intuition in that it precedes all perceptions. That is, it refers to the same thing as pure intuition in the previous case. However, such pure intuition can live in our [Gemu: t] ([dem Gemu: te beiwohnen]) as a subjective formal Beschaffenheit, that is, as a "general form of appearance", that is, an intuition form. It is said that it depends on occupying a seat in the subjectivity. In other words, when pure intuition is considered to occupy a seat in the subjectivity, it is an intuition form. Therefore, it is the so-called pure intuition while it is still unthinkable that pure intuition occupies the seat in the subjectivity, and as long as pure intuition is considered to occupy the seat in the subjectivity, it is the intuition form. Now, this shows that two things that are different from the concept of pure intuition are included at the same time. That is, pure intuition as so-called pure intuition and pure intuition as an intuition form. Pure intuition, which is not an intuition form, and pure intuition as an intuition form. In other words, in the former case, pure intuition and intuition form are distinguished as in the case of metaphysical examination, and in the latter case, the two cannot be distinguished. And, in fact, we find something equivalent to the case after this at the beginning of "Kansei theory". According to it, the thing corresponding to the sense in the phenomenon is called Materie, and the thing that holds that "the variety of the phenomenon is ordered in a certain relationship" is called the form of the phenomenon. This form is called "pure form of sensibility intuition [#" pure form "emphasis mark]" because the representation that does not contain anything that is sensational is called pure [# "emphasis mark" in "pure"]. It should be. This is an intuitional form [# an emphasis on "intuitive form"]. In such a pure form, "all of the various phenomena are instinctively in a certain relationship [#" intuition "is an emphasis mark]". Therefore, for the reason of intuition, this form of intuition is also [# "emphasis mark" to "mata"] itself pure intuition [# "emphasis mark to" pure intuition "]. That is, the intuition form is immediately pure intuition. Thus, the apparent contradiction that pure intuition is distinguished from intuition and at the same time equated with yuki is the distinction between two different contents of the concept of pure intuition and these two different contents. It is nothing more than an indication that the content can also be called pure intuition at the same time according to some special relationship (I distinguish the pure intuition of the one that is hereafter distinguished from the intuition form, the first one). The one that is not done is called the second one).
Then, what does this distinction between the first and second pure intuition actually appear? To see it, I look at what Kant's intuitional or purely intuitional space might look like from other perspectives. Even if space is called an intuitive form, Kant's meaning must not be a frame-work like a stile or a box, but it must act on its own. It is also clear that the Beschaffenheit of Subjekt and [Gemu: t] should not be called the invariant structural Organism of Subjekt and [Gemu: t]. The most appropriate form of intuition is the "foundation" of intuition, the "possibility of phenomena", and the "constraint" of sensibility. At the same time, the basic constraint does not mean that it precedes something in time or in the history of development. In this sense, it can be thought of as a logical precedent for something. At the same time, this word is correct as long as it simply means that being logically preceded is not merely psychologically preceding, but it means the reason for a reason-related relationship in a purely logical sense. Then it makes no sense in this case. It is generally meaningless in this case that the relationship between what is constrained and what is constrained is in the world of logic. The fact that the intuition form interpreted in this way is, for example, pure intuition cannot come from anywhere in any sense. Therefore, what is left to us must be the "foundation" or "constraint" of a place that is neither a temporal order nor a so-called logical time order. It would be said to be an a priori logical conjecture in the sense that something given would not be possible without it. At the same time, it does not immediately mean that the constraint itself belongs to the world of Logos. Indeed, it may be thought that those who are constrained by the world of logos are the first to be established by this logos. At the same time, no matter how I try to deduce the space from Logos, I think that the final thing that can be obtained is at most a form of simultaneous existence. It cannot even be called [Ra: umlichkeit]. Complex numbers are not immediately the plane of geometry. Of course, it would not be unreasonable in itself that coexistence can still be called a constraint. At the same time, it is, in short, a form of thought, not the form of intuition required in this case. Needless to say, simultaneous existence is not the space itself. If the space itself (which is not the concept of space) cannot be deduced from Logos, then such a pan-logicist interpretation is useless in this case. Then, how should the so-called logical foundations, grounds, and expectations be interpreted in the case of Kant's space? I would like to take a moment to think about what spatial consciousness is like in general. At the very least, vision, as it is called Gesichtsraum, establishes the consciousness of space. If the visual object is divided into color and shape, it is considered that the two have completely different properties in relation to each other. As it is said, we cannot represent intangible colors. Of course, it would be possible to represent a color without a certain shape, but it would be impossible without a general shape. Contrary to this, we can say that we can represent the spread without color. Even if a shape is made only by the boundary between colors, the two colors are already made up on the spread, so the color only helps to spread and capture a certain shape. Is. The spread itself does not depend on color. When we say that we are looking at an object now, we are probably looking at the surface of an object that is limited to a certain shape by color, but in that case we instinctively "see the surface" as Fichte says. It is an intuition of Sehen itself, which is [# an emphasis on "intuition"]. In this case, what is seen [# "emphasis mark"] is the surface of the object, but what is intuitive [# "emphasis mark"] is a pure image of the surface of the object [# "pure shape" It means that it is an emphasis mark on the "image". That is space (Fichte, Bestimmung des Menschen.). That is, a pure image (shape, spread) is an intuition of Sehen itself. The space as a pure image does not include color, as it is said that red vision is not red. The surface of the object seen must be thought of as adding a sense of color to this purely intuition of form. In this way, it seems that what is intuition is visual and space, but the general characteristic of intuition is that intuition is immediately intuition. Must be on the point. Even if the vision is intuition, the intuition does not stand outside the vision, the intuition of space must still be within the vision, and it must be something that goes beyond mere vision. No. Intuitive vision means intuition [# "emphasis mark"]. And as a pair, the space is instinctively [# "emphasis mark"], but it is nothing but. There may also be a question of how we can immediately call it an intuition of space simply because the vision is intuition, but we are not deducing the space now, but as an intuition of space. I'm just scrutinizing the characteristics of. Space is expected from the beginning. The intuition of space transcends the senses on this basis, and is outside the place where the intuition is established by intuition of Sehensakt itself (because intuition is intuition). It doesn't become. Therefore this must be called [a: ussere Anschauung] (Fichte, Lotze and others) or Hinschauen (Fichte) rather than just Anschauen. Needless to say, this relationship of spatial intuition is not limited to vision. It must be at least tactile. At the same time, what does this common [# "emphasis mark" mean] originally mean? That means that both the visual space and the tactile space must eventually fall into the same space. If they do not fit into the same space, it cannot be said to be space intuition. Because it can be thought that the two spaces are different, as psychology teaches, only when the space is still considered as a sense or perception. Thus, to meet the same thing means that spatial intuition transcends the senses, so at least that possibility must be obtained. At the same time, that alone is not yet realized. In order for that to be realized, normativeness [# "normativeness" is an emphasis] must be expected in spatial intuition. The consciousness of space cannot be completely interpreted as mere immanence. It is the consciousness of going beyond consciousness. It must be an objective sense of reality. It must be a norm of reality recognition. I think that there is a radical characteristic of space where the consciousness of space cannot be deduced from mere consciousness. Space is a norm that establishes the outside world that cannot be internalized forever. The uniqueness of the objective world is guaranteed only by this. I think that this normativeness allows any spatial representation to be linked to a unique spatial intuition. And only by this normativeness, spatial intuition is distinguished from general intuition in principle. Hinschauen is nothing but based on this. The a priori nature that Kant gave to space should be interpreted as this normative, as one might say. I think that the true meaning of "basics" and "constraints" must also be taken into consideration. At the same time, it should be noted that if this normativeness is a real consciousness [# aside from the "real consciousness"], such as a space intuition where the space transcends the senses and is based on the action itself. That's what I was able to do. At least in the present case, it is absolutely impossible to think that norms such as spatiality depart from the consciousness of reality and stand on their own. The normativeness of space [# the emphasis on "normativeness"] is exactly the situation that it is the intuition of space. The norm itself is the intuition of space. Where it must be a norm of representation and also a representation of a norm, there is a space-likeness that distinguishes space from everything else. Space is firstly intuitive and secondly normative.
Now, let's first clarify that spatial consciousness is spatial intuition in this sense, and then look at the distinction between the first and second pure intuition as to whether it was our first problem. As already mentioned, intuition must have both the direction of what is generally intuition and the direction of what is intuition. Therefore, spatial intuition must have an objective side and a subjective side that has not yet been objectiveized. Pure intuition, which is now the second form of intuition, must precede this intuition in a certain sense, as long as it is a form of intuition and as long as intuition cannot be established without it. .. However, this is nothing but the nature of the non-objective side of the intuition of space mentioned earlier [# "yet" as an emphasis mark]. Therefore, the second pure intuition is the intuition [# "emphasis mark" side] side, and therefore the first pure intuition is the intuition [# "do" side point] side. In fact, Kant always draws an example of a geometrically objectified space when it comes to the first pure intuition. Only after thinking this way, it must be said that both of them inevitably have to be called pure intuition at the same time due to this characteristic of spatial intuition, which can be called dialectic. And to be aware of the confrontation between intuition and pure intuition in this sense, Kant will leave the sensibility theory and enter the spatial theory of the "preliminary logic". ..
Kant said in "deduction" as follows. The space that is "a mere form of intuition that becomes externally sensitive [# an emphasis on" mere form "] is not yet recognized at all. The space merely gives a variety of a priori intuitions to some possible perceptions. At the same time, in order to recognize something, for example, a line in space, I have to draw the line. The various constant bonds thus given must be comprehensively established. Thus, the unification of this procedure is at the same time the unification of consciousness (the concept of a certain line). And for the first time, the object (a certain space [# "emphasis mark in a certain space") is recognized. " According to him, the space as a mere form, which was initially said to be "not recognized at all", is an intuitive form in the sense of ours, and the "constant space" that Kant distinguished from him. Therefore, it can be considered that what is clearly nothing but pure intuition in the first sense. In fact, when Kant says, "Space is represented not simply as a form of sensibility, but as intuition itself [# an emphasis on" intuition itself "" (Kritik der reinen Vernunft, 2 Aufl. S. 160), with this intuition itself. As it must be understood that means something that is particularly intuitional, it is thought that the previous "constant space" is clearly nothing but pure intuition in the first sense. That is to say, Kant must be considered to stand in the conflict between the first pure intuition and the intuition form, as I pointed out earlier. However, with this confrontation, Kant is thought to be giving his husband a conversion at the same time. For, according to Kant's words, space is represented as "the intuition itself of a place containing a variety [# an emphasis on" the intuition itself "], that is, [# an emphasis on" that "] this variety within this intuition. Although it is said that "represented a priori by the provision of unification" (S. 160), "represented as intuition itself" does not have a legitimate meaning other than being still intuition. Kant is also said to unify into intuitive representations [# "intuitive representations" as emphasis marks]. Therefore, intuition and intuition itself in the sense that they are represented as intuition itself must be distinguished again. While the former has the provision of various unification [# "emphasis mark"], the latter is not considered to have it. Whereas the latter is simply intuition, that is, pure intuition in the first sense, the former, in Kant's words, has the provision of unification of the place that "zusammenfassen diversity into one intuitive representation". Must be intuitive. That is, in the previous case, it can no longer be considered to be exactly the same as pure intuition in the first sense. Kant specifically calls him formal intuition [# an emphasis on "formal intuition"]. At the same time, Kant does not seem to make any particular statement about the difference between this formal intuition and pure intuition. I'll go in a little more and interpret the 茲. What does it mean that formal intuition has the property of unity? Needless to say, my husband has no choice but to establish formal intuition by this unification. That is, formal intuition is the result of unification. If we try to solve this unification into two parts, one that unifies and one that unifies, it is not this formal intuition that corresponds to what is unified in this case. After all, formal intuition is already a unified [# "emphasis mark"]. Therefore, what is sought must correspond to the intuition of a place that is not yet unified. That is, it is nothing but the first pure intuition. But obviously there is no such thing as simply unifying or simply unifying, it is unified. That is, there is no mere pure intuition, and there is only a formal intuition in which pure intuition is unified. Therefore, to put it correctly, pure intuition is established only by unification of formal intuition [# "Pure intuition is established only by unification of formal intuition"]. In other words, the first pure intuition reveals the face of spatial intuition only when it is considered a component of formal intuition. Pure intuition must actually be a formal intuition [# "emphasis mark"]. As Kant himself says, space is "given" for the first time as intuition by unifying formal intuition (S. 161). We have now started from the conflict between pure intuition and intuition form, but if pure intuition is attributed to formal intuition, what kind of relationship does it have with such intuition form? "The form of intuition gives mere variety, and on the contrary, formal intuition gives the unity of representation" (S. 160). Therefore, formal intuition must be considered more than just a form of intuition. Also, "when space is represented as an object [# an emphasis mark when it is represented as an object" (which is actually necessary in geometry), it includes more than just a form of intuition "(ibid.) ). From this point of view, formal intuition must actually be seen as already targeted. So what is the untargeted part of formal intuition? As long as it is intuitive, it must be something that takes. What is it? It clearly cannot be in this intuitive form. Because depending on the situation, mere variety is given. At the same time, as long as the first pure intuition is attributed to formal intuition (objectified) in the sense mentioned above, the contradictory intuition form is also attributed to formal intuition (not objectified). There is no. The intuition form can be thought of as being attributed to the formal intuition [# "actually in this sense"] in this sense. There is no form of intuition that gives mere diversity [# "emphasis mark" to "diversity"], some is only an intuition form that gives unification to [# "emphasis mark" to "unification of diversity"] intuitive representation. is there. Therefore, the conflict between pure intuition and intuition [# aside from "pure intuition and intuition"] is a targeted formal intuition and an untargeted formal intuition [# "targeted formal intuition". And the formal intuition that has not yet been targeted. Kant did not fix this transition from the "deduction" [# horizontal composition] * [# lower right double quotation mark, U + 201E, 370-bottom-20] [Analytik der Grundsa: tze] "[ I think it means moving to the spatial theory of #end of horizontal composition].
The unification of this representation of this representation of formal intuition to be seen as targeted is, according to Kant, "combining the diversity of given intuition in general into the fundamental consciousness according to the category [#" combining into the fundamental consciousness according to the category. It is nothing but unification to "side" (S. 161). How is this possible? According to Kant, this unification anticipates a synthesis that does not belong to Sinn, where the "concepts of space alle Begriffe" are first made possible. That is, there must be a certain synthesis behind the unification of this representation. What reveals this synthesis is nothing but the "axiom of intuition." In order for all phenomena to be incorporated into empirical consciousness (which means realistic consciousness), one must inevitably rely on the union of das Gleichartige and the consciousness of a diverse and comprehensive unity of this kind. .. However, the diverse consciousness of this similar thing is intuitively a concept of quantity. But we have to say, "Any short line and sword must be drawn in our hearts in Gedanken zu ziehen, that is, we must gradually produce all parts from one point and only show the intuition of a line. It cannot be represented. " We call the representation of a part based on the representation of the whole and precede it by the amount of extension. Therefore, the space is nothing but the amount of extension. According to the "principle" of the axiom of intuition, "all intuition is the amount of extension". Intuition unified as the amount of extension is made possible by the sequential synthesis of the parts described above. The intuition of the space unified as the amount of extension must be the targeted formal intuition in terms of including the targeted unity. So what is the sequential synthesis of the parts that were thought to be based on this objectified formal intuition? According to Kant, produktive Einbildungskraft is the one that sequentially integrates the parts in the consciousness of space. In general, it is this productive imagination that brings about a sense of reality. Regel, whose productive creativity establishes spatial intuition, is nothing less than this sequential synthesis. This Regel is the unification of the representation of space itself. And the Produkt produced by this Regel, that is, the figure as a "schematic", is the objectified formal intuition. Therefore, this sequential synthesis of productive creativity must correspond to a formal intuition that is still correct or not yet targeted. I think we have to think more than when we understand space as a concrete formal intuition of space, not just as an objective one. The conflict between the formal intuition that is targeted and the formal intuition that is not yet targeted must be directly linked by the formal intuition as a conceptual power. I think that the reason why space is intuition appears as such formal intuition in Kant. And again, formal intuition has already been interpreted as imaginative power, but according to Kant, imaginative power must be tied to a category. Regel, which is a sequential synthesis of imaginative power, means that imaginative power follows the category. That is, formal intuition can be called categorical to that extent. However, the category is nothing but the norm of cognition, as people say. Formal intuition must be normative. The a priori that Kant admitted to the space is, in fact, nothing but this normativeness. Intuition space is a norm [# "Intuition space is a norm" is an emphasis].
[# 3 indentation] Two [# "two" is a middle heading]
Assuming that Kant's space can be interpreted in this way, I would like to take a closer look at the relationship between geometry and this intuitional space. It is conceivable that Kant's knowledge was probably three-dimensional Euclidean geometry. Of course, Kant's words cannot be heard as to whether the intuition of space itself is Euclidean or has no such provision yet. At the same time, according to Kant, Euclidean geometry is based on such intuition, and since it is imagined that Euclidean geometry was the only geometry, we made Kant's intuition space Euclidean. It would be natural to imagine that. Then it must be said that so-called non-Euclidean geometry cannot be based on Kant's intuitional space because it is incompatible with Euclidean geometry. In fact, refutation of Kant's theory of space in this regard is commonplace. Medicus defends according to Kant's spirit against the criticism that Kant's intuition space was now Euclidean, and therefore it would not be able to base non-Euclidean geometry ([Kants transzendentale]. A: stetik und Nichteuklidische Geometrien. Kantstudien 3.]). Kant's space should be interpreted as a phenomenon or experience constraint [# "emphasis mark"] until we get tired of it. Therefore, it must be said that it is essentially meaningless that the space as such a constraint is Euclidean or non-Euclidean. The Euclidean nature of space, its flatness, cannot be deduced as an inevitable constraint of experience [# an emphasis on "necessary constraints"]. It is a feature that the intuition of space has gained from experience, and is therefore not necessarily valid, but merely valid in nature. It cannot have more than cosmological value at most. Space is the principle of spatial relations [# "emphasis mark"] that cannot be considered as planar or non-planar. Although this principle provides the basis for Euclidean or non-Euclidean geometry as a spatial relationship itself, such a general law of spatial synthesis despite the various geometrical distinctions [# "general" Aside from the "law"] itself must be considered to be one person. At the same time, of course, people nevertheless believe that the space of intuition is flat [# "believe" as an emphasis mark]. According to this belief, people can also represent non-Euclidean spaces. That is, Euclidean geometry has the meaning of all other geometric norms [# "emphasis marks" to "norms"], so its planar space looks like it is given directly [# "emphasis marks to" see "]. is there. At the same time, this normative meaning is also only a psychological and subjective thing derived from experience, so it is different from a priori [# "emphasis mark"]. Even if we believe in the flatness of the intuitional space [# "believe" as an emphasis mark], we have no reason to a priori deny the possibility that it can be non-planar. Regardless of the pros and cons of this conclusion, it seems that there are still difficulties in its grounds. It goes without saying that space is not just an experience constraint, but a special "space", even though it is called an experience constraint [# a side point to the "constraint"] and a spatial relationship principle [# a side point to the "spatial relationship principle"]. It is a "experience constraint", not just a principle, but a "spatial relationship" principle. Therefore, it has nothing to do with space even if it says about the general "experience constraint" and "principle" that removes the things peculiar to space. We must know why space is a constraint and principle of experience [# "why" is an emphasis mark]. From Kant's point of view, as already mentioned, if the space is a formal intuition, then there is no other reason to think of it as an "experience constraint" or a "principle". If we can think of it as an "experience constraint" even if it is not formal intuition, then the space is no different from Kant's own category. Space-time, which forgets that space belongs to intuition (even if it does not hold true without regard to category), must end up as an empty concept. Kant himself "In the study of the pure elements of human cognition, I was able to reliably distinguish and separate the pure elements of sensibility (space and time) from those of intuition only after many years of contemplation. As I confessed ([# horizontal composition] Prolegomena, § 39 [# horizontal composition end]), it is inseparable to think of space as a constraint and as a principle and to think that it belongs to intuition. Must have a constitutive characteristic of space. If space can be interpreted as formal intuition until it gets tired, it is tentative whether this is a priori [# "emphasis mark"] flat or a priori still unthinkable. I think it can be a problem. Therefore, it must be acknowledged that the flatness may be deduced as an "inevitable constraint". Of course, it may be criticized that it is because the space is still considered in a simple and symmetrical manner, but as mentioned earlier, the intuition of space is intuition and intuition. There must be a place to connect immediately, so intuition, that is, the space that can be called the principle, and the objective space must be connected immediately. It may be said that what is intuitive is not necessarily objective, but if you do so, the space will end up with no difference from the inner feeling. There must be somewhere that is considered to be the stile of the outside world, as it is said that the space remains in Kant and the like. Only when the principle as an inner force cannot be found in this stile is it an idea that must be criticized. Also, Medics says that the flatness of the intuitional space is our psychological belief and is only a norm based on experience, but what does it mean that such a belief or norm is derived from experience? If we look at this meaning, it is nothing but that the flatness of space has been proved by experience. However, the flatness proved by experience as the result of my paper itself is actually that of physical space, not that of intuitional space. However, we believe that the intuitional space is flat. Therefore, this "belief" is no longer empirical and psychological in the above sense. Therefore, it is nothing but a "belief" that is unique to the intuition space itself. Isn't this "belief" of flatness belonging to the essence of intuition space [# "emphasis mark"]? It is becoming more and more necessary to question whether the space-time to be considered in this way is a priori flat. And, as long as there is a reason to imagine Kant's space to be flat, the criticism that Kant cannot base non-Euclidean geometry is still likely to be repeated.
At the same time, is the intuition space originally Euclidean? If so, in what sense is it so? O. Becker ([Beitra: ge zur pha: nomenologischen Begru: ndung der Geometrie und ihren physikalischen Anwendungen, Jahrbuch] [# horizontal writing] * [# Roman numeral 6, 1-13-26] [# horizontal writing end]) Phenomenologically distinguish the following three types of spatial representations. The first [pra: spatiale od. Ausbreitungsfelder] represents the territory of sight and hearing and the territory of the movement of the eye muscles and the tentacles, and the second orientierter Raum has a depth of establishment in the relationship between the self and the outside world. .. In this space, the central point of self becomes a singular point, but when this singularity is reversed [# "emphasis mark"], it becomes the third homogener Raum. It is clear that our so-called intuitional space is not outside this third one. Now, Becker distinguishes the Euclidean property from the fact that the value K of the spatial curvature is zero and the connection Connexus is infinite offen (unified einfach). It is a fundamental concept of position analysis Analysis situs, Topologie that deals with whether or not to have, or how many times the evolute is rotated to separate the image into two-the degree of coupling-and so on. Spatial curvature is metric. As a fundamental concept of topology). The third homogeneous space must first have K = 0. A group of purposeful movements (rigid movements) in order to be able to rebel [# "emphasis mark"], which was thought to distinguish between orientierter Raum and orientational space in the first place. Must include a group of transitional translations as Untergruppe, so it is inevitable that K = 0, as Lee says. Secondly, a homogeneous space can be divided into a large number of congruent images (for example, by a sphere of the same size and a large number of gaps of a certain shape between the spheres). It can be satisfied (see Einstein, Geometrie und Erfahrung, etc.). However, when K = 0, it would be impossible. Thirdly, in this space, the proposition of similarity holds and the direction depends on the position. It does not change. This indirectly proves that K = 0. Therefore, the curvature of the homogeneous space must be zero. Next, the homogeneous space is outside one of the Principium individuationis. Therefore, it does not have the legality that limits the freedom of spatial contents such as periodicity [Periodizita: t] (think of it as the degree of coupling above). A unified form must be chosen that is aperiodic (ie, neither excludes nor gives it [# "neither excludes nor gives it"]), that is, Euclidean space. It is a unified and infinite combination. "Thus, the homogeneous space is the infinite offen. Therefore, the intuition space seems to have to be Einstein. At the same time, the principle of relativity is a non-Euclidean space. If we demand the existence of [# "existence" as a side point], that is, its validity in spatial intuition, we will be struck by the contradiction that spatial intuition is both eucredible and non-eclectic. How can contradictions be avoided? Becker aptly distinguishes between the Konstitution of space and its Struktur, saying that the intuitional space Phantomraum by the former can be Euclidean, but the quantitative space by the latter can be non-Euclidean. (Ibid., S. 151). Since the measurement or measurement is phenomenologically based on the second orientierter Raum, the intuitional space, which is the third homogeneous space, is not inconsistent with the quantitative space. When we measure [# "measure" side point], we do not just measure by eye (which is the case with orientierter Raum), it is physically [# "physically" side point]. ] Is the only way to determine the quantity. However, it is only possible to physically determine the quantity by giving it to a so-called homogeneous space. The structure of the space [# "Structure" Side point] and the sphere are also homogeneous sky You would have to stand on the composition between [# "emphasis marks"]. I think that structure and composition are not two positions but a distinction between the stages of regulation in one position. Therefore contradictions are not ruled out by this distinction.
It is said that the intuition space considered as Euclidean space is infinite of fen, but it actually means [# "emphasis mark"] weekliness, that is, independence from connection. Therefore, it must be said that it cannot be considered as infinite offen or finite geschlossen. Isn't this the case with curvature? That is, the intuition space is neither K = 0 nor K ≠ 0. As long as it is thought that the original space [# "emphasis mark" in "space"] and the combination of the person [# "emphasis mark" in "coupling"] can be a problem only based on the curvature of space [# "emphasis mark in" curvature "]. In this sense, it must be said that the connection of the space itself is also quantitative in this sense. I will pursue this point. I think Lotze was the one who most directly pointed out the inner side of the intuitional space. Intuitive space in Lotze is considered to be the basis of geometry. "By comparing yuki with others on the line, we distinguish between length and direction, but the simplest propositions and swords about both are never true unless we learn from intuition." (Metaphysik) , S. 223-4). Comprehensive judgment in geometry is possible only by intuition of space. If so, what is Lotze's intuitional space? The relationship r between the two elements instinctively in the shape of the line and the relationship w between the two elements in the shape of the angle are combined to form our intuitional space. The so-called Raumoid, which is supposed to hold when r and w form a different connection than in our intuitional space, is originally impossible (ibid., S. 241). That is, the intuition space must be unique. Next, we can think of a straight line as the limit of a curve, but "it is not possible to make a series of this curve without using some intuition of the straight line in its regulation and metric" (ibid. S). . 246). A straight line that can be regressed as a circle with an infinite diameter is nothing more than a logical barbarian [# an emphasis on "logical barbarian"]. It is not permissible to say that parallel lines intersect at infinity, as opposed to the fact that parallel lines do not intersect forever. We cannot determine the problem of parallel lines by argument. After all, there is no reason for intuition to be a problem. Since the existence of parallel lines is based on "a completely clear fact of intuition", if there is a case in which the sum of angles of a triangle is separated from two right angles in a physical phenomenon, in that case, We must interpret that there was a special physical cause that bent the rays. And the spatial relationship itself must remain unchanged until we get tired of it (S. 246-9, ibid.), That is, the intuitional space is considered to be Euclidean. At the same time, according to Lotze, when a curve is considered for a straight line, the principle that makes it possible [# "emphasis mark"] acts as the linearity of the intuitional space. The Euclidean nature of the intuitional space is nothing but the principle of linearity. Then what should we consider such linearity? It is usually said that a straight line has no curvature, but I call it "no curvature [#" no "emphasis mark]" and "the curvature is zero [#" zero "emphasis mark]". I think it is necessary to distinguish between that and that. We say that projective geometry has no curvature, and metric geometry has curvature. And we consider that the curvature is zero only in the latter of Euclidean geometry. Therefore, the above distinction is not just a classification of words. When we say that a straight line is the principle, I think it must mean that the curvature is not considered in the 茲, that is, there is no curvature [# "emphasis mark"]. If zero is considered to be one number and the curvature is zero, it should be on an equal footing with the case where it is not zero, so the former is the principle based on the latter. Is something that cannot come out from now on unless you give zero a special meaning. The principle of linearity does not mean the special case where the curvature is zero, but it must be that there is no curvature [# "emphasis mark"]. In non-Euclidean geometry, the so-called straight line [# a side point on the "straight line"] and the sword also have curvature, but in spite of this, the straight line is uniquely distinguished from other curves. Doesn't it mean that linearity does not depend on curvature? I think that linearity as a principle is a principle that is consistent with all geometry. Poincaré says that projective geometry predicts straight lines and that straight lines are quantitative, so projective geometry is also quantitative ([Dernie`res Pense'es, p. 58]] [# "[Dernie`res Pense'es". , P. 58] "is" [Dernie'res Pense`es, p. 58] "]) in the original, and originally there is no straight line based on such a metric in projective geometry. A simple line is enough. As Poincaré said, we cannot have any reason to think of this line as a curve, that is, we must still think of it as a straight line in a sense. A distinction must be made between a quantitative [# "quantitative" emphasis mark] straight line and a qualitative [# "qualitative" emphasis mark] straight line. The principle of linearity is manifested by this qualitative [# "qualitatively" emphasis mark] straight line. Projective geometry is qualitative [# "qualitative" emphasis mark]. Therefore, if you go into Lotze's intuition space and pursue it, you can say that the intuition space is qualitatively Euclid [# aside from "qualitatively Euclid"]. And since non-Euclidean is a quantitative [# "quantitative" emphasis mark] rule of K ≠ 0, it will not be inconsistent with qualitative Euclidean. When insisting on the a priori nature of Euclidean space [# aside from "a priori"] like Jonas and Korn (J. Cohn, Voraussetzungen und Ziele des Erkennens, S. 249) Apart from that, it will be even more apparent if Euclidean space is qualitatively a priori. If Kant's space is understood as Euclidean, it can be understood as such qualitative flatness (straightness). And only by understanding this will we be able to grasp the qualitative nature of the intuition of space. I think we can keep the possibility that fears can be based on non-Euclidean geometry, while allowing the intuition of space to be Euclidean. Then, what happens to the finite infinity of the space that seems to be connected with the flatness? In ordinary space, we distinguish between metric [# "emphasis mark"] Metrik and bond [# "emphasis mark"] Connexus, situs. Of course, there is no doubt about this for individual objects of geometry, that is, for any image in space [# "emphasis mark"]. At the same time, only the connection of the space itself [# the emphasis mark on the "connection of the space itself"] cannot be considered to be independent of the metric. The result is that the space-time of K = 0 or K <0 is always infinite offen, and the space-time of K> 0 is always finite geschlossen. That is, the connection of the space itself [# the emphasis mark on the "connection of the space itself"] is actually the result of its quantitative regulation. Then, is it completely meaningless to distinguish between coupling and metric in space? We think that we could represent Lehman's space by representing the sphere in the intuitional space where Lehman's space is finite and by analogizing it to the next dimension. At the same time, since the sphere represented as the plane of Riemannian space is already represented only in three dimensions, not in two dimensions, it must be said that the representation of three-dimensional Riemannian space requires four dimensions. .. At the same time, in fact, we cannot have such a four-dimensional representation. You can only promise yourself that the image of a sphere in the space [# "emphasis mark"] actually means the space of Lehman [# "emphasis mark"]. Only by this promise that the space itself is expressed as an image in the space, the concept of the connection of spaces [# "emphasis mark in the connection of spaces"] is established, and to that extent it is considered independently of the metric of space. It's just done. The so-called position analysis centered on the concept of connection must be said to be a special geometry that deals with the definition of the image in space, not the regulation of the space itself. Lotze criticizes Riemann's finite space and says that it confuses space with its interior and image (Metaphysik). Representing space as a representation within space represents Riemannian space as it is. It was not something that was done, but was represented by this promise of representation [# a side point to "promise"]. Of course, this is not a criticism of Riemannian geometry. At the same time, I think it points out the fallacy of thinking that the connection of spaces [# "emphasis mark to the connection of spaces"] can be essentially established without relying on the promise. Therefore, it is inherently impossible to try to classify spaces by their connections. It seems that it can be done only because the bond is actually considered as a consequence of the metric, that is, a bond that is indistinguishable from the metric. The Clifford surface may be considered as a space Raumform, but just as the sphere is an expression of Euclidean space in Euclidean space, I rather use it as an expression of Euclidean space in Euclidean space. I think it can be considered as one of the images of. The combination of images in space should not be considered as the connection of space itself. There is no qualitative [# "qualitative" emphasis mark] connection in the sense that it is independent of the pure or metric of the space itself. Some are just quantitative [# "quantitative" emphasis mark] bonds, which in essence are metric. As Lehman distinguished the infinite Unbegrenztheit of space from its infinite Unendlichkeit, the former was an extension and the latter was a metric [# "emphasis mark"] (Ueber die Hypothesen, welche der Geometrie zugrunde liegen). In fact, finite infinity is not the connection of space itself, but the connection by its metric. Space can be called offen or geschlossen only by a certain promise to express space in the image within it. Now, I have previously shown that the intuition space is Euclidean even without the inclusion of metric, so such intuition space is not a forgiveness that does not allow the concept of qualitative connection, but a quantitative connection by metric. There is no need to include. The concept of intuitional space connection generally does not hold. Space can therefore not generally be called a finite geschlossen or an infinite offen. However, as Lehman says [# horizontal composition] * [# lower right double quote, U + 201E, 377-bottom-20] eine unbegrenzt ausgedehnte Mannigfaltigkeit "[# horizontal composition end], it is generally endless [#" It is considered to be an emphasis mark]. Such an infinite space should be considered finite or infinite. The endless space that we represent can be considered to be finite as it is. Because he is in quality and this is in quantity (Kerry, System einer Theorie der Grenzbegriffe, S. 88). Kant is one of the antinomy of the fact that the world is said to be finite or infinite with respect to space (first criticism, prolegomena) and space itself (prolegomena). It is said that it is because it stands. That is because it sees the infinite Prozess Reihe itself as if it had been given to enlightenment. This is because, in Lotze's words, the space itself is mistaken for an image within the space. The concept of space connection [# "emphasis mark to space connection"] does not hold from the beginning. The concept of "infinite [#" infinite "emphasis mark] space" pointed out by Kant does not hold as Kant says as long as infinity is understood as the meaning of offen. If you understand the meaning of Lehman's unbegrenzt, the space is [# horizontal composition] * [# lower right double quotation mark, U + 201E, 378-top-12] das unendlich Gegebene “[# horizontal composition End] (K. dr VS 39) (Kant, of course, uses unendlich and unbegrenzt interchangeably, but I divide them into unendlich and unbegrenzt in a new sense through both). Now, I understand why infinity and infinity are easily confused. I think that the fact that there is no curvature is directly linked to K = 0, which contradicts K ≠ 0 but contradicts it. As you can see, infinity is considered to be directly linked to infinity, which is incompatible with it, even though it can contain finiteness. Therefore, in this sense, space is qualitatively infinite [# "qualitatively infinite". The word "side point" is also allowed. And finally, in correspondence with the infinity of Euclidean space in metric geometry, qualitative flatness and this qualitative infinity are linked. The inevitability lies within the intuition of space itself. In this sense, even though space is Euclidean, the fact that it cannot provide a basis for non-Euclidean geometry therefore does not come from anywhere.
I thought about flatness as above, but what do you think about 3D? Kant even counts the three dimensions of space as an inevitable proposition of geometry. Then, can Kant's space not be the basis of n-dimensional geometry? As with the flatness of Medics, the three-dimensionality of space is not deduced as an inevitable constraint of experience, but is merely so, so it is difficult to do anything about this point. I defend that there is no such thing. At the same time, the three-dimensionality of the intuitional space is "unquestionable" compared to its flatness (above paper). As I have already mentioned, Kant's space must be considered as an intuition, so this "unquestionable" must be taken into consideration as a rule of this intuition. Of course it would not have a rational necessity. The reason why the dimension of space should be 3 is a place that does not teach any reason. In that sense, it would not be an inevitable [# "inevitable" emphasis mark] constraint of experience. What can be considered at the same time is not the space itself, but the spatiality at most. There may not be a reason that spatiality should be three-dimensional, and at the same time, space must be three-dimensional by intuition. As Kant thought, it must be said to be "inevitable." It must be said that the intuition space is established only with this necessity. And because of this intuitional space, there is also a reason why space is said to be a constraint on experience. The person who preaches the inevitability of the three-dimensionality of the intuitional space [# the emphasis on "necessity"] is Lotze again. If Helmholtz has an intelligent creature like us where he can only have two-dimensional consciousness, the space conscious of that creature is like the sphere of Euclidean space corresponding to the Riemannian geometric plane. It could be something ([Popula: re wissenschaftliche Vortra: ge] [# horizontal composition] * [# Roman number 3, 1-13-23] [# horizontal composition end]), but Lotze said It is said that a creature that has only two-dimensional consciousness cannot be established by refuting it. When we think that this creature leaves a point A on the sphere and goes around the sphere according to the longitude, how does this creature become the same as the previous A [# "emphasis mark"] even if it returns to the previous A? Can you know it as a point? You just think that the feeling of A, which is exactly the same [# "emphasis mark" as well], repeats again. If we are conscious of the spatial relationship, it will only happen that the same situation A occurs at a certain interval on an infinitely extended straight line. At the same time, if we can know by some means that we have returned to the same point A, this creature should find a contradiction in the concept of a straight line. This is because, according to Lotze, a straight line is nothing more than a distance, so in this case the maximum distance means that there is no distance. Organisms are therefore logically forced to avoid this contradiction, aside from perception. Therefore, it is compelled to predict the three-dimensionality of space. That is, if an organism has a spatial representation, the two dimensions assumed to have it must inevitably be extended to three dimensions (Metaphysik, S. 249-252). At the same time, the sphere is not the plane itself of Riemannian space, but merely an expression in its Euclidean space as already mentioned. Since Lotze misunderstands the expression as the space itself, it must be said that this criticism is not the criticism itself. At the same time, what Lotze says is that the intuitional space must inevitably be three-dimensional. According to Lotze, the British intelligent creatures are forced to move from 2D to 3D in this way, and at the same time, they can do it, but in the same way, we move from 3D to 4D. Not said. The inevitability of moving from 2D to 3D came from one contradiction, but we cannot find such a contradiction in 3D, and we also have a 4D intuition. Because it cannot be done (S. 252-257, ibid.). The intuitional space would have to be three-dimensional. As long as Kant's space is approved as intuition, even if the space is made up of the conceptual power linked to the category [# "emphasis mark"], it is defined as intuition [# "emphasis mark"]. There is no reason to think that it is out of this three-dimensionality. Space is not a category itself even if it is connected to a category. It must be considered that it imposes space-specific restrictions on category A while following the category ([den kategorien gema: ss]). Even though Kant says in Gedanken ziehen, we cannot have a concept [# "emphasis mark"] to draw a line in four dimensions. Of course, even if the objective intuition space is three-dimensional, it may be said that the sequential synthesis of the imaginative power itself is not three-dimensional, but in other words, this sequential synthesis itself is rather. It should be considered as having no dimension. The sequential synthesis of imaginative power itself must not have a dimension but rather give birth to a dimension. What is born at the same time is nothing but three-dimensional. Therefore, this sequential synthesis must produce three dimensions, if not three dimensions. Also, as the intuition of space itself, the dimension cannot be determined, and it may be said that it becomes three-dimensional only by reflection in a sense, but what is reflected and becomes three-dimensional must be three-dimensional from the beginning. I have to. Then, can Kant's space not be the basis of n-dimensional geometry?
Therefore, I have to take a closer look at the relationship between geometry and intuition that Kant thought about. "On top of this sequential synthesis of productive imagination in the production of figures, the axiom of extension (geometry) is based on that axiom, which expresses the a priori constraint of Kansei intuition" (K. In Kant, the object of geometry and the intuition space are immediately considered to be one, as in dr VS 204), but the intuition itself and the axiom of intuition must be considered to be different. Must be. It is no different from axioms in that all propositions must be intuitive, even if other propositions result from the law of noncontradiction. However, according to Kant, the axiom is "directly certain." At the same time, whether or not intuition is directly certain is a judgment of intuition, not the position of intuition itself. All intuition itself must be direct. The content of the theorem, which requires the most complicated proof, is by no means indirect. The "directness" of being "directly certain" is not the "directness" of intuition itself, but that of intuition's judgment. There is no difference in intuition itself. It is only in the "argument". Axioms are the starting point for such an argument. Therefore, the axiom can only be said to be established only when a certain content is drawn from intuition as something that is particularly "direct". There is an axiom not by intuition but by intuition. So what does it mean that intuition becomes an axiom of intuition? It must be intuition linked to thought. At the same time, the intuition referred to as a cloud is a formal intuition that is interpreted as a productive intuition, so as long as the intuition must be linked to a category rather than just a so-called intuition, that is especially thought. It may be said that it is unreasonable to say "connect". At the same time, the imaginative power is clearly not in the category. Nor does the imaginative power envelop the category at all. Conceptual power (it is sensibility) must be out of the category. And it must also "follow" the category. Therefore, formal intuition as a conceptual power is not tied to the concept from the beginning, but actually has the possibility of being tied to it. Thoughts must be reunited with intuition. And there is a characteristic of intuition of space where it can be truly connected to thought. What can be associated with empirical intuition is only an empirical concept. Only in the intuition of space can pure thought fully exert its demonstrativ power. It can be said that the axiom of intuition is a thoughtful intuition. The intuition of space can define its own content with the help of the thought itself by connecting it to free thought (axiom), and the free thought is based on the intuition of space by connecting it to the intuition of space (axiom). You can freely surpass it without denying it. The axiom of n-dimensional space can only be established in this way. For the thought itself, extending the 3rd dimension to the 4th dimension does not involve any contradiction, even if it is sensuously unsuccessful. If you think of space as a diagram, you can say that it has its sensibility where it must be three-dimensional, and it is intelligent where it goes beyond it without contradiction. And there must be a reason for formal intuition where there is such a possibility. If not, space would have no choice but to be mere empirical intuition. When understood as above, Kant's position does not include any difficulty. If we do not accept this freedom that thought has for spatial intuition, that is, if spatial intuition is tied to thought from the beginning, the concept of n-dimensional space alone is impossible. Rather, we do not understand how we can think of various geometric spaces that stand on different axioms. And this is the difficulty where Kant probably fell. Kant's unreasonably intimate connection between spatial intuition and thought into an immovable relationship meant that the axiom had to be the reverse side of intuition and be constant. From Kant's point of view, if the intuitional space has a qualitative [# "qualitatively" contradiction] plane as I mentioned earlier, it also means the parallel postulate and therefore non-Euclidean geometry. Will have to contradict with. The only way out of this difficulty must be to abandon the axioms to be immovable, that is, to allow the freedom of thought to the intuition of space. It is nothing more than a distinction between intuition and the axiom of intuition. That is, "intuitive space [# side point in" intuition space "]" is an object of geometry [# side point in "is an object of geometry"] "geometric space [# side point in" geometric space "" ] ”Must be distinguished both in the comprehension and extension of the concept [#“ and must be distinguished in the comprehension and extension of the concept ”. ] It will be. We discover a spot of that distinction in the three-dimensional nature of the intuitional space.
[# 3 indentation] 3 [# "3" is the middle heading]
If we reiterate what we have done so far, one is that the intuition space has normativeness, and the other is that the intuition space is different from the object of geometry. Let's just decide and think about how physical space works. Needless to say, the term physical space is commonly used, but its existence of independence may not necessarily be acknowledged. "There is no basis for the distinction between geometric and physical space, but for mathematicians space is an abstract spatial image of a physical object, whereas for physicists it is. It is a physical object, and the spatial image is just that form. " "This distinction is merely from the perspective of our subjectivity, that is, observation, and the space itself is an indistinguishable person" (L. Nelson, Kant und Nichteuklidische Geometrie, S. 26 ff.). Won't you? Thus, the physical space will, in essence, be submerged in the geometric space. At the same time, I think I can answer this question with or without it. The fact that two spaces must be the same in some sense must be the starting point rather than the result of consideration. After all, if there is no direct connection between the two, it would be meaningless for us to call them both "spaces". At the same time, even if space must eventually be tied to a single thing, we have no reason to think that space must therefore be just one type. As I have already pointed out the distinction between geometric space and intuitional space, the former is based on the latter, but in the end it must be distinguished from the latter, so the space is regarded as only one kind. This is because it is casual unless it is arbitrary. We must allow essentially different spaces to be possible. The so-called "observation viewpoint" is the meaning of the existence of these various spaces. If we were to find something positive in Nelson's words, it would be an inherently close relationship between geometry and physics. Due to this uniqueness, it may be presumed that the geometric space and the physical space are indistinguishable. At the same time, when considering the possibilities of various spaces, this relationship should help clarify the reason why the physical space becomes independent instead of reaching the conclusion that denies the independence of the physical space. is there. In a sense, Helmholtz's space should be the opposite of the view that attempts to deny the distinction between geometric space and physical space, while reaching the same conclusion. I think you can find it in the theory. According to Helmholtz, measurements in geometry are based on the "congruence principle", which is also based on the possibility of completely free movement of rigid bodies [# "emphasis marks"] [# "emphasis marks"]. (Ueber die Ursprung und die Bedeutung der geometrischen Axiome.). And the fact that this congruence is performed regardless of the position and direction of the figure and the path of motion is a fact [# "emphasis mark"] Tatsache that enables measurement of space (Ueber die Tatsache, welche der Geometrie zugrunde liegen.). The question of how geometric axioms can be applied to physics can only be understood when geometry is thought to rest on such facts [# "emphasis marks"]. If the amount of space in which the same physical phenomenon occurs under the same conditions and the same elapsed time is called "physically equivalent", the equal amount of space is the motion of a rigid body, for example, a compass. And defined by a ruler. Only the fact of this physical equivalence [# "emphasis mark"] is an objectively unique property in which the amount of space is completely determined. Therefore, geometry based on such facts [# "emphasis marks" on "facts"] should actually be called physical geometry [# emphasis marks on "physical geometry"]. .. Since the geometry applied to physics is this physical geometry, the possibility of its application is doubtful as a matter of course. Level 2-13-28] There is no room left (Die Tatsache in der Wahrnehmung, Beilagen.). This physical geometry, which includes the content of the facts, realer Inhalt, whose axioms are determined not by the mere form of representation but by the relationships of the real world reale Welt, is a space as Kant thought, according to Helmholtz. It must be clearly distinguished from pure geometry [# aside from "pure geometry"], which consists of immanuel Kant's intuitional form and its axioms (ibid.). It is only a coincidence that such pure geometry is applied to physics, it does not represent only the "spatial relationship [# a side point to the" spatial relationship "], but just the motion of a rigid body. It has nothing to do with the physical geometry of the place where only the mechanical relationship [# a side point to the "mechanical relationship"] is expressed. " Now, since physical geometry targets the space as Riemann's "n-th order variety" as Helmholtz himself says, the object is on the other hand geometric space [# "geometric space" as an emphasis mark. ] Must mean. At the same time, and at the same time, it must mean the physical space [# "emphasis mark" in "physical space"] as it expresses only the mechanical relationship. In the case of 茲, the distinction between the two will be denied as in Nelson. On the other hand, if the possibility of so-called Kant's pure geometry is allowed, it must be said that the geometric space as the object and both of the above are completely independent. In this sense, it must be said that the geometric space and the physical space are not only distinguished, but the relationship between them is completely cut off. At the same time, it is very difficult to obtain the sympathy of many scientists and philosophers who believe in the planned harmony between mathematics and physics, and the inevitable application of mathematics to physics. Deaf (see A. Kneser, Mathematik und Physik). Not only that, in a sense, Helmholtz's ideas about geometry and space, which insist on their reciprocity and, in a sense, result in complete negotiations between the two, harbor common difficulties in empiricism. There is. That is, the question is how to find apodiktische Geltung in geometry from an idea like Helmholtz. Needless to say, Kant's theory of space is the only way out of this difficulty. Therefore, the physical space will find the root of its formation legitimately only in Kant's theory of space.
The first criticism, dritte Analogie, says that "all entities are in perfect interaction in space as long as they are perceived at the same time [# in space" as a side point], but this space is Kant himself. From the point of view without any explanation, it seems natural to interpret this as the intuitional space that I have found in Kant. If so, it seems that the physical space has no clue to be distinguished from the intuitional space in the sense that it becomes a field of interaction of such physical entities. If Kant's intuitional space is called an absolute space as is usually said, it may be called a physical absolute space in this case as well. On the other hand, Kant denies the existence of all absolute movements, so all physical space [# horizontal composition] * [# lower right double quotes, U + 201E, 383-bottom-11] empirischer Raum “ [# End of horizontal composition] claims to be relative. Anything that includes relative space and relative space must also be relative space. Ultimately any possible relative space Absolute space is only required as the idea [# "idea" is a side point] that was thought to be wrapped in ([Metaphysische Anfangsgru: nde der Naturwissenschaft. Phoronomie.]). If the absolute space of the third criticism at the beginning and the absolute space as the later idea are the same, there should be no contradiction in the 茲. At the same time, in that case, how the first absolute space, which was considered to be an intuitional space, relates to the later physical relative space becomes an immediate problem. We come to the question of how intuitional space becomes physical space. If the absolute space before and the absolute space as the idea after are not immediately considered to be the same, then the physical space must be considered absolute and at the same time all physical spaces must be relative. By claiming no, it seems to fall into a contradiction. Now the only way out of this contradiction is to note two different meanings, either absolutely or relative. That is, the former physical space is considered to be an intuition space [# a side point to the "intuitive space"], and the latter physical space is considered to be a motor system [# a side point to the "motor system"]. Must be relative in that sense. At the same time, in this case as well, we come to the question of how what can be thought of as a physical space can change from an intuitional space to a kinetic space. Therefore, in any case, in Kant, the physical space must be given the root of its formation only by being related to the intuitional space.
In Kant, pure intuition is considered to be the limit of empirical intuition. When a certain amount of sensation in empirical intuition gradually decreases to zero, it becomes pure intuition (K. d. R. V. S. 208). Intuitive space cannot lose its meaning as such an imaginary space leerer Raum on one side, as Kant thought. What do you think about the relationship between intuitional space and sensation or perception? We call it "preliminary for the phenomenon" because "pure rules" such as shape and quantity in space represent a priori what can always be given to a posteriori in experience. Is not impossible (S. 209). That is, the intuition space is considered to presage the senses. The sensation of crawling into the intuitional space must already be foreseen in it. Senses are just the content of intuition for the form of intuition. It is in a position to be subordinate to the intuition space itself in principle, and does not insist on its own special position with respect to the intuition space. If you think about it this way, you can say that the feeling in this case is completely negative. At the same time, when we think away from Kant, we come across a view that respects the weight of the senses in the factual spatial representation. What sees sensations more positively in spatial representation must be the concept of spatial perception [# "emphasis mark" in "spatial perception"], which is most often done in psychology. Instead of seeing space as intuition [# "intuition" as a side point] like Kant, space is seen as space perception [# "perception" as a side point], which can be said to be the sum of intuition and perception, so that is the only perception. It will be positive. If it is pointed out that psychology generally has difficulties that are difficult to immediately connect to our present problems due to its methodological constraints, and therefore it is argued that the discussion of spatial perception is useless. They may replace it with a phenomenology that observes consciousness from its own standpoint. Already earlier I quoted Becker to touch on the analysis of spatial perception. At the same time, as Becker shows, spatial perception must distinguish between various stages. However, this stage is not just a division, but an order. It means a class from the primitive to the most developed. That homogeneous space [# an emphasis on "homogeneous space"] was at the highest level of this class. That is, it must be considered as the end of the development of spatial perception. At the same time, what does this end of development originally mean? Not only on the other hand, it must be said that this homogeneous space has the property that it can include the space of the previous stage as its regulation. If you look back at orientierter Raum and Shizuku, you must be orientieren in a homogeneous space. So what does it originally mean to include all other spatial perceptions within? It clearly shows that homogeneous spaces have special value. Homogeneous space has value that can be the end and the basis of the development of all other spatial perceptions. Of course, it may not be possible to get out of the subject of phenomenology beyond Tokiyuki. At the same time, from the viewpoint of the validity of cognition [modalita: t], such a special value of the time-equal space is actually the norm of real cognition [# "norm" is an emphasis mark by my first decision. ] Must be said. Because of this norm, the so-called homogeneous space only appeared as a final thing in some sense. If you think about it in this way, there is no other choice but to say that so-called spatial perception is also wrapped in the space as a norm. Spatial perception itself has no normativeness. It is not guaranteed that the visual space, the tactile space, and the unique space by themselves are connected. It must be said that what makes this fit into a single space is the normativeness of space that is required outside of spatial perception. As already mentioned, Kant's intuitional space was just right. Therefore, spatial perception and 雖 do not leave the position of being subordinate to the intuition space itself as a norm in principle. I think there is no choice but to think that the authority of the senses that seemed to be recognized in spatial perception is still passive.
The sense cannot be truly positive because this normativeness, which can be said to be the uniqueness of the objective world, is always required in an intuition space that transcends the sense. If normativeness can be found in the sense or perception itself in some sense, then it will be possible to leave the position of intuitional space for the first time. At the same time, if what is found within oneself is the normativeness of the intuitional space itself, it is, in short, the normativeness of the intuitional space, not that of a positive sense or perception. Therefore, to be correct, in order for the senses to become independent, it is necessary to find within oneself not the normativeness of the intuitional space itself, but the normativeness that corresponds to it [# "emphasis mark"]. Of course, even if we can find such an independent normativeness, it does not mean that the senses are completely independent of the intuitional space. It creates a new territory that is independent of itself while being governed by the norms of intuitional space. Then, what is the normativeness corresponding to the intuitional space [# "emphasis mark to the equivalent normativeness"]? I have already pointed out the distinction between intuitional space and the object of geometry, but it must be said that the judgment of geometry or the proposition apodiktische Geltung holds where geometry derives from intuitional space. That is, it must be derived from the norm of reality recognition of the intuition space. Intuitive space is a priori in the sense that it precedes experience as a norm, and therefore geometry is a priori in the sense that it is valid independently of experience. Of course, the a priori validity of geometry itself is not directly this normative. It can have a normative meaning only when it is applied to the perception of reality. At the same time, it is clear that something that at least corresponds to the norm of intuitional space is geometry [# "emphasis mark". Therefore, if we still seek the normativeness that corresponds to the normativeness of intuitional space, it should hold true where geometry is applied. It goes without saying that the normativeness obtained in this way is not the norm of intuition space itself, since the distinction between intuition space and geometric space has been clarified. Only when geometry is applied to sensation or perception can it have an independent normativeness. The senses are truly positive. Only when a geometric relationship is established between sensations or perceptions does it have a meaning independent of the intuitional space. At the same time, in this case, if, as Kant thought, geometry becomes a "pure regulation" of intuitional space, its application to experience (figures as diagrams, etc. are not). For example, it is not outside the preparatory fee for the so-called phenomenon mentioned above, and no positive right of sensation can be found there. Kant's application to discuss the application to the experience of geometry without acknowledging the positive right of sensation is, in essence, something that is independent of the intuitional space, not outside the content definition of the intuitional space. The possibility that this will occur is completely cut off. If Kant's idea can be called a direct application of geometry, then in our case now we could call it an indirect application. Then, what should be called an indirect application to the experience of geometry, that is, what is meant to establish a geometrical relationship between sensations and perceptions? In other words, it is nothing but the establishment of measurement [# "emphasis mark"], which can be said to be the fundamental rule of physics. For physics, there can only be something that can be measured. I would like to make a strict distinction between measurement and measurement [# "emphasis mark on measurement and measurement"]. The principle of relativity is because the latter is a direct a priori correspondence between numbers and extensions, while the former means the result actually found by some empirical procedure. As taught by, the measurement of space inevitably includes the measurement of time, and the measurement of time is established only by physical factors such as light velocity. Moreover, measurement is impossible without predicting the existence of the measurer, that is, the origin of measurement, but this origin is not immediately the same as the origin of metric geometry. The possibility of relative motion must be allowed between the origins of the measurement. At the same time, it goes without saying that measurement is impossible without predicting measurement. Establishing a geometrical relationship between sensations and perceptions is, therefore, an application of metric geometry. I think that the most thorough application of geometry to experience must be in this case now. The system of measurements, or coordinate systems of measurements, thus applied will no longer be merely an object of metric geometry, nor will it be merely a definition of the content of intuitional space. It contains sensations. This must be the so-called "physical space".
There is no doubt that it is derived from the intuitional space as well as the physical space. At the same time, it is different from the intuitional space in that it includes the positiveness of the senses, which is considered to be negative in the intuitional space. Secondly, it had to inevitably incorporate the quantitative definition of time geometry, including sensory agitation, into its content as a measurement. However, such a quantitative regulation is not always essential in the intuitional space. Thirdly, since the quantitative definition of geometry goes beyond the three-dimensionality of intuitional space, there is not necessarily a reason why physical space is also limited to three-dimensionality. Minkovsky's four-dimensional world is one example. Of course, as people say, Minkovsky's world space is only a tentative one in that it does not fall within the content rules of intuitional space. At the same time, what is tentative with respect to the intuitional space is not tentative in all senses. Rather, I think this is one of the legitimate physical spaces. In order for the sensory content to be truly connected to space, it must be said that it is a crucial characteristic of physical space that the temporal change of things is added as another independent dimension. I think that what we usually call space is a simple thing of such a physical space. It should be said that the world of Minkovsky is the most refined achievement. Physical space must be distinguished from the intuition of space. Secondly, the physical space is clearly not the same as the geometric space. Even when the geometric space is considered to be the object of metric geometry by coordinates rather than being purely qualitative as the object of projective geometry, it is the coordinate system of the metric [# "measure" by the side point]. It is a system, and it is not yet a system of stance points of measurement [# "measurement" is a side point]. Physical space must be distinguished from geometric space. Therefore, the physical space is established as a kind of space with the meaning of independence. This will become even more pronounced when considering how physical space is a crucial foundation for physics.
[# Raise one character from the ground] (1924/11/20)
Bottom book: "Jun Tosaka Complete Works Volume 1" Keiso Shobo
Issued the first print on May 25, 1966 (Showa 41)
Issued the 3rd printing on May 15, 1967 (Showa 42)
First appearance: "Philosophy Study Vol. 10, No. 106"
Input: Masato Yano
Calibration: Juki
Created January 9, 2011
Revised October 28, 2013
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
