Miscellaneous notes during illness
Ryunosuke Akutagawa

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Between << Kan >>

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Nervousness | Angina << Kefushinshiyau >>

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) [# Raise one character from the ground] (February-March 1918)
-------------------------------------------------- -----

I. If I get sick for December every year, I often suffer from stomach damage, intestinal damage, and nervousness | angina pectoris. Shi. This year, I can't miss the example. If you hit the Kotatsu Kotatsu vaguely, you may wonder if it will take your heart before you get mad.

2. The most severe of my memory weakness is the end of the 10th year of the Taisho era. At that time, if I try to fall asleep, I feel like calling my name to someone, and I often jump up. Also, as you can see in old activity photographs, it often appears in front of a fragment of yellow light and is often thought of as "Oya". On New Year's Day of the 11th year, there was a person who suddenly met me and said, "There is a death phase," but you should really look like that.

Three: "One drop of ink", "Biyaushiyau" six shaku, "Sickness of brain disease" Naubiyau ", etc." Unun "should be a memory weakness. When I was little | Masaoka Shiki suffered from brain illness, and I wondered why he could make haiku. It's not just about people's remorse, saying, "It's a good thing to do the old days."

If you read the 5th volume of the complete works of Shiki on the pillow while regularly using Adarin of 0.75 for the insomnia of April Yo, you can see that it is outside of Shiki and Shiki. I often admire the critics Shiki for "others". The essay of "Utayomi ni Furusho" | Henon, like "Hachiku", doesn't wait for words. Even though I discuss novel drama | etc., there is something that is appropriate for us now. This is a place where not only me but Haruo Sato also has a strong theory.

There is almost nothing to see in Shiki's own novel. However, Shiki was made to be a long-term student, and he also wrote a novel, Sachio Ito, Sachio Ito, Takashi Nagatsuka, etc. 》 It ’s not something that stands. Not a few small items in "Bokuji Futoki" and "Biyaushiya 6 shaku" should already be known to people. In particular, I never get tired of reading the small items of the small lantern "Kojiya Uchin" in "Nakanzuku" and "Sickness Rokushaku".

Six: Even if you look at Shiki as a human being, you should be sick and sick, but you should be able to make a cry or commit suicide, but the star 菫 at that time. Seikin >> You should be closer to being a modern person than a poet. There is something new to see today, like the words that can be said to describe Nakae Chomin's "One Year | Arihan".

Seven, but it's amazing how Shiki's vitality overflows. Although Shiki lived in a sickbed for most of his life, he wrote new haiku, wrote new tanka poems, and pioneered a path to sketching. .. Moreover, without knowing the plight of Naho power, he discussed the need for girls' education, discussed the aesthetic value of Japanese clothing, and did not discuss the Ministry of Interior's milk control order. Most of them are not considered to be sick. However, the caries patients at that time should already have a brain disease. (January 9th)

Eight: There is a person who ironically asks me how to use the literary language. There is nothing pretending to use my literary language. Rather than using colloquialism, it takes more time and effort. This is probably the curse of the old-fashioned education that I received. I have been making colloquial sentences for ten years, and exceeding ten sheets a day (one sheet, twenty lines, two crosses) is only a few times. However, if you make a literary sentence, it will not be difficult to make 20 sheets a day. It is unavoidable for me to have the literary text of "Miscellaneous notes during illness".

Nine: My body is originally extremely strong, but especially for the past 34 years, I think I should be more vulnerable. One of the causes is obviously to smoke the cigarettes in the dark. When I was in my self-governing dormitory "Jichireu", Shigeru Fujino "Fujino Shigeru" in the same room, often "often" mocked me "Ihaku", "You are a literary school" Don't you know the taste of rolled cigarettes because of your habit? " Now that I know the taste of cigarettes too much, I try to cut off the smoke. If you show Fujino-kun of the year, you should have a little unrespectable ability to become a long-legged "chiya-soku" of my progress. By the way, Shigeru Fujino is a younger brother of Kohaku Fujino, a poet of the Meiji era who is a deceased person.

10. In the first letter, "Ihaku," "Abandon socialism," and in the second letter, "What should I do?" "Haku", "Immediate request for the manuscript." Then, in the third letter, "Ihaku", "I borrowed your name and attacked Mr. XXX. I don't think it's bad because I thought the name wouldn't work. "No one knows who can write the third letter. While reading this letter, I drink "Gen no Shiyauko" every day and want to quietly nourish my life. It should be natural to heal insomnia.

Eleventh I went into an antique shop last night in a dream of "Yube" and saw a suzuri-bako with a blue shell. The owner of the antique shop | Ihaku, "This is the castle of Azuchi." I | Ihaku, "There is something horizontal on the back of the lid." "There is." Master | "Ihaku", "This is the character called Jikitamin." The presents such as the castle of Azuchi should read "Spring of Azuchi". This is ridiculous, but the name of the medicine should be a little ephemeral.

Twelve: One of my daily routines is a walk. If you wander along the shore of the Fujiki River, Meng Zong will be yellow, plum blossoms will be white, and spring breeze will be almost on the surface. It's like playing "Omotenashi". By chance, a fly is caught by a large stone on the side of the road. I think that I see flies in my garden every year in early May, and I am stunned to watch over these flies. No.
[# Raise one letter from the ground] (February-March 1918)



Bottom book: "Complete Works of Chikuma, Ryunosuke Akutagawa, Volume 4", Chikuma Shobo
June 5, 1971 (Showa 46) First edition first edition issued
April 10, 1979 (Showa 54) First edition 11th edition issued
Input: Takashi Tsuchiya
Proofreading: Masatoshi Matsunaga
Created June 26, 2007
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
