Intelligence secret story
THE ROMANCE OF THE SECRET SERVICE FUND
Episode 1 Woman's Wisdom
NO I BY WOMAN'S WIT
Fred M. White
Translated by Okumasuo

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Death in agony << Gokumon Zess >>

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Nose | Glasses << Glasses >>

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) [# Illustration 1 (fig60548_01.png, width 565 x height 315) is included]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

[#Illustration 1 (fig60548_01.png, width 565 x height 315) is included]
[#New Page]

"Gokumonzeshi", Gokumonzeshi, Gokumonzeshi, Gokumonzeshi, Gokumonzeshi, Bride and Bride, Bride and Groom , Prison death, prison death, prison death, prison death, bride and groom, bride and groom "
The reason why such crazy remarks stuck to Newton Moore's brain was because of the long-distance railroad that rushed. A bright golden and crimson train wrapped in steam and slamming on silver rails-the railroad of fire, people call it the Southeastern European Express.
The sound of a huge double engine whispered to Newton Moore. In fact, he was dying. But my wife is no longer a bride, right? It was the director's order that Newton Moore, the most talented and trusted official in the British intelligence department, kissed his wife's lips and turned the white face 《Hakumen》 to the east.
Sir Gresham Welby, the director, told Moore.
"It's the most difficult case ever. No matter what, you have to know the truth of the case. Otherwise, you're destined to be the same as Rigby, Long, Mercer, and so on. No restrictions, you have all the resources of the intelligence department. Can be used "
Moore trembled. Always obsessed with strong delusions, I was afraid of invisible fear. But once faced with danger, they are determined to face challenges. He called himself a coward, but he was courageous for his humility. I sensed the invisible danger with delusions, and wonderful wisdom came out, and I cut through accurately.
"Can you bear the mission?"
Sir Gresham, the director, suddenly asked.
This is because Moore looked pale. Moore's nose | From the glasses, I feel calm.
Moore replied.
"There will be no one who can handle this case. It's unusual. Three of the highest intelligence agents in our department have died. I haven't even got a clue to the solution so far. And the truth is still almost there. I do not understand"
"I agree, Moore. Well, I can assure you that Grand Duke Boris of Contigua is sincere. I also know that the Russians used court power to instigate a rebellion at the Indian border and Mankunis. If you don't stop it, you'll soon face a serious situation in India. In the precursors, the Contigua people are rebelling against Grand Duke Boris. But then Russia will mercilessly invade and annex the nations, and you, like me, will know what happens. "
Moore answered,
"Yes. I know that country very well. My latest novel, Setcho, was Contigua politics. Princess Natalie was very pleased. She will surely be on our side."
Sir Gresham was told.
"You're a weird guy. Expect your delusions and solve the problem. I'm sorry for the tragedy again. There are no restrictions. Tell me who is doing the wrong thing. I won't ask for more. For the time being, you are the de facto boss of the intelligence department. "
*
Thus Moore was arriving at his destination. The British government can't blame anyone helplessly when a brave man of a colleague disappears and dies in the same mission.
It was just before arriving at Tenedos, the capital of Contigua, that it was attacked one after another. On the contrary, the same fate is ambushed thirty kilometers away.
It ’s very scary now. Whenever I'm in danger, I'm depressed. I tremble with delusions. The food doesn't go through my throat and I just smoke a little.
Eventually, a long train painted in red and gold stopped suddenly. Upon arriving at the border, the troublesome customs procedures are carried out. It had nothing to do with Moore. Because I sent my baggage two days ago. I hurried off the passenger car and entered the soot-filled break room. There was nothing but coffee and biscuits.
"I have to eat something. I haven't eaten anything for thirty hours. I wonder if biscuits will pass through my throat."
Soliloquy.
There is one waiter. I brought a cup of coffee and two large flat biscuits on a platter. I picked up a thin wheat biscuit, but somehow I was curious about another one. I crushed it casually. Something foreign-paper-falls on the platter.
Moore didn't understand why and was ready. An insensitive man might have ordered a replacement biscuit. However, it was a pinch. When I smoothed out the wrinkles on the paper, a message was written.
[# Illustration 2 (fig60548_02.png, width 376 x height 510) is included]
[# Bold from here]
"Don't go to the capital Tenedos. Do it well. Tailor Hayauma in this village and go to your destination. Depart after 6 o'clock in the evening. Then you will reach Tenedos, the capital, in the middle of the night. Like going to a big inn on Bana Street. "
[# End in bold here]

There is no decision time. This paper may have come from an ally or an enemy. Moore's decision is intuitive and rarely mistaken. I got off here.
Moore can speak multiple languages. In an hour, I was able to safely enter the large inn on Bana Street. Later on the day, it was also found that two Hayauma could be procured to the capital Tenedos.
Moore was a little skeptical, but the fat owner with a silver helix doesn't seem to be surprised at the arrival of the visitor. The attitude of the big host was fidgety, and he constantly chased Moore with his narrow eyes.
"Do you want a private room?"
It's a push sale.
Moore nodded casually. I'm going to bargain as instructed. A large room with a low ceiling, a dull outer wall, dark lighting, and a brass candlestick with two candles. The atmosphere is gloomy and heavy. Shortly after Moore turned the key and closed it, another door opened and a woman came in.
Moore tweeted.
"Princess Natalie. Did you come to see me?"
[# Illustration 3 (fig60548_03.png, horizontal 482 x vertical 460) is included]
The Grand Duke is standing in front of you. The brown beauty is inspiring and throbbing. Adorable, venerable, bold, hates Russia, and loves his poor homeland.
"Thank you. I knew your entry, but more importantly, others also knew. If I went to the capital city of Tenedos on time, I would have been dead in the morning. My warning Thank you for listening to me. "
"His Princess, it seemed to grab the clouds."
"I couldn't conclude. You know the reality of the intelligence. I'm disturbed. I have a traitor in my group who controls the court. I completely round the Grand Duke and use my position. I'm doing something shameless. Worst of all, I'm a Russian intelligence agent. "
Moore is going to listen to it. I came to this country as an intelligence officer, and my job is to expose Russian spies. They are in charge of wrongdoing. If you find out, the mission is complete. However, at the same time, I am fully aware of the danger of lying in front of me.
"It is dangerous for Her Royal Highness to come here."
"Somewhat, but I happened to know that you were selected as a British intelligence agent, and I decided it was an opportunity now. I held a hunting party near here today and managed to get out. The people here are loyal and serve me. I have to come back in a few minutes to attend the event. You have passed the train and have been assassinating for the time being. If you're on the street, you won't live until tomorrow night. When you reach the capital, Tenedos, rest quietly and report your arrival to the Grand Duke tomorrow afternoon, and you'll be invited to tomorrow's banquet. Everything else depends on your courage and courage. If you have the courage, you can not only get the core, but also save the country of Contigua. It's in your hands. I'll help you, and I'll be in charge of Zorov's wife. "
Even in the dim light, Princess Natalie's eyes were shining. Rather than patriotism, he is driven by intense jealousy. The hope is to take revenge on the woman who slanders herself.
Moore responded,
"Zorov is the god of the portable shrine. It's very cunning and shameless. It's rumored that Zorov's wife is unparalleled."
Approved by the Grand Duke,
"It's amazingly beautiful. I've captivated my husband with his beauty. I used to love me, no, I still love it, but if I could shake off the charm of that beautiful witch It's a story ... Zorov can direct Grand Duke Boris from the throne at will. "
"Isn't it holding the weakness of the Grand Duke?"
"That's right. It's better to confide everything. You remember, ten years ago, trying to integrate this peninsula into one kingdom failed. By force, three Grand Duke were abdicated. Zorov abdicated Russia. What Zorov grabbed is the abdication evidence of Grand Duke Boris. You can see why our position is weak. Every day, Grand Duke Boris's power diminishes, and Zorov becomes a revolutionary element. Inciting. A coup d'etat is planned tomorrow. If you screw down your enemies and drag them out to the masses from the front of the palace window, the Contigua nation will be saved and your mission will be completed. You can trust and know the habits of our people. The people still love me. I listen to whatever my orders are. At the same time, they are as disjointed as sheep without sheep dogs. Can you lend me a hand? "
The Grand Duke presented her trembling hands to Moore. Moore pushed it with both hands and lifted it on his lips.
"That is my duty and determination. It seems that Her Royal Highness has a plan in her heart. It is an unexpected joy to have the honor of trusting me."
The Grand Duke spoke clearly and quickly. Moore listened with interest and admiration. Moore's delusion ignited. The blood and flesh jump. Both eyes were shining brightly, and the pale cheeks were flushed like never before.
*
In the darkness, two sturdy horses, large and small, fluttered over the boulder of the capital Tenedos, snorting, and finally arrived at a large hotel in the capital. I had already made a reservation.
"Customers, how about dinner and drinks?"
The person in charge asked.
"I have a bottle of beer in my bedroom. The living room can stay dark. I don't need dinner. Leave me alone. Ring the bell when I have something to do."
Despite being late, many were still active. It's a restless atmosphere. There is no turmoil from the dim path below, just complaints and tweets, but there is a lot of dissatisfaction hidden in the darkness.
The people are about to make a noise. It doesn't matter if it's peaceful or fighting, as long as someone guides you. In Moore's experience, he makes so many mistakes that he misses the omen.
Driven by the urge to know more, I caught a heavy cloak, put on a hat deeply, and went out to the warm dark street. There are men talking on the pavement. I was enthusiastic about the discussion.
Hiding in the dark shadow of the spire, Moore listened.
The first one is
"Grand Duke Boris is different from the old Grand Duke. As long as Zorov is there, Contigua people will not be pleased."
The second person had a white nose,
"Well, Mrs. Zorov. It's the cause of all the conflict. You say the Grand Duke was horrified. If you wanted the jewel of Princess Kisaki, you did it. From the maid Marie. I heard. It's my wife's cousin. They'll hand over the Contigua country to a Russian girl. "
"You should put the old mountain tiger" Rouko "on the throne."
The first man gained wisdom.
The third person
"No, no, Taraz's old tiger is fine, but he's acting on the Russian side with a smuggling gun. You don't know, Zorov is standing up for Taraz's old tiger."
Everything is interesting to Moore. It turns out that Contigua is in a turmoil with plots, tricks and passions. Zorov also manipulates the old Taraz tiger like a puppet.
On the other hand, the old Taraz tiger is also colluding with Zorov and trying to take the throne. However, the sly mountain old tiger Taraz will be willing to kill Zorov if the rebellion is successful.
Everything is Moore's estimate, and it's great. The well-understood fact is that most Contigua people prefer Taraz old tigers, for the simple reason that there are more mountainous people than Russians.
Because the court and the country are very small, I heard that all the rumors and scandals leaked were eaten by the people of the capital Tenedos. The diamond case of the princess Kisaki became a delicious side dish for many days. What they don't know at all in the silly chatter is how important this is in the history of Contigua, and what the turmoil awaits.
The first man knew it,
"You'll understand tomorrow. Everyone tells us that tomorrow night, at the palace gate, the old Taraz tiger will replace Grand Duke Boris. There is no riot or bloodshed."
A big man in a thick cloak barked,
"There's both, before the old Taraz tiger robs power. I wouldn't have Zorov alive for an hour. Rumor has it that he's holding evidence of betrayal. If Grand Duke Boris says, the Tenedos. Everything rushes and tears the Russians into pieces. I don't know what the ruler will be. What happened to the usual Grand Duke? "
The first man sighed deeply,
"It's a long time ago. There's always a woman behind the case. A stupid goofy soul is pulled out by Mrs. Zorov."
"A woman who was in the choir of the Bucharest Theater. Master Peten. A woman who was avoided by her friends and dared to ignore. But they were all female puppets, and they came to dance if they were pulled. Why did the Princess appeal to us? Isn't it? Even though I know that I can do anything for the princess. Is there anyone who can help me? "
No one answered. Everyone is scared of the spies and shadows that are sneaking in.
Everything intoxicated the listener Moore. Moore was inspired by the complaints and dissatisfactions that made him lose his loyalty. The delusion burned. A self-portrait that liberates the people came to my mind. It's full of humor, and it's grinning. Pale-faced nose | Glasses It hurts on one side that Moore, the man, leads the soap opera crowd.
*
When Moore went to the palace the next morning, feelings of dissatisfaction and signs covered the capital like a cloud.
Grand Duke Boris smiled and welcomed this Englishman from the bottom of his heart. The dark and sensitive face was full of power and motivation, but the mouth was a little frivolous and amorous. And Grand Duke Boris was not alone.
There is a thin tall man beside him. The devil's black flames are burning on his sled face and both eyes. The sneer came to my face when I bowed to the Gentile Moore. You don't have to say who you are.
Zorov said with a good voice.
"It looks like it was a waste, but we have all the help. The climate in Tenedos, the capital, seems bad for the British, but you are very brave."
The last word is an unmistakable threat. I was driven by the urge to strangle the speaker Zorov. Under Zorov's frock coat, no one knows, there are many secrets, evidence documents that Moore has pursued for years.
Zorov is the leader of the plot and is so cunning that it cannot be revealed or proved, which is a threat. Once again, Moore hesitated because of the mischief of the goddess. If there was a gap, I might have jumped. That made Moore sick of the secret.
Moore responded.
"You look closely at the features, the nature you just said made Britain great. You can do it at any cost when it comes to things."
Zorov took the challenge lightly.
"It's a sight to see. As I said, the climate here is not good for you. If you know how to deal with it ..."
"There are ways to prevent infectious diseases."
Zorov is no longer laughing. On the contrary, it seems to be confused. I began to realize that an enemy comparable to Zorov's ruthlessness had emerged here.
Grand Duke Boris looked bad. If he was courteous to Zorov, he might have sent a rescue ship to save his chief adviser, Zorov. This adviser is the man who turns the Grand Duke into a puppet and flickers his armed forces in front of him.
The Grand Duke of Police was caught in his mouth,
"Don't worry about what your friend Zorov says. The joke is barefoot. Don't take it seriously."
Moore answered,
"As you say, Your Highness, if you are a wise man, you must take the remarks of Adviser Zorov seriously."
The Grand Duke was out of the question 、
"How about dinner at 7 o'clock tonight?"
Moore's long-awaited invitation, Kudan's invitation, has finally arrived. I was a little nervous because I knew that the attack would take place at the tip of the nose of the great conspirator Zorov.
"I am very happy and honored."
Moore replied.
At that time, another man came into the room. An old man who looks like an eagle. The fighting spirit shines in both eyes, and the brown hands are waving, which is peculiar to mountain people. He fluttered his white clothes and sat in a large chair incredibly gracefully. Although he was obedient, he was arrogant.
Grand Duke Boris briefly
"This is Taraz, a mountaineer. I'll see you again tonight."
The old Taraz tiger doesn't even look at Moore. Arrogance is the height of the Orient. Seeing the interview over, Moore went out. As I walked down the cobblestone corridor, Zorov followed me.
Moore looks at the Russian face head-on,
"I will accept the advice and leave Tenedos tomorrow."
*
Moore knew the place and dressed up properly. On the face of it, as a quiet gentleman, he dresses in formal wear and attends dinner.
Actually, I was trying to play an important role in strategy. In other words, it is a role to save Europe from a big fire by attempting assassination. The cause is that nympho-the only spectator.
Moore is a credible servant of the intelligence department, and even a prying member of the House of Representatives has no right to ask questions about his mission, and he has encountered danger before, but he has never encountered such a crisis.
Zorov threatened to kill him. I knew Moore's purpose. Moore's mission is to hunt down the Russians, stop the influx of guns, and free Grand Duke Boris from the old Zorov.
Moore tweeted
"Thanks to God. I have a brave woman. In two hours I'll get rid of it anyway. Poor Natalie can't trust anyone but me here, but if successful, the Contigua people. Tomorrow obedience "
Moore finally checked his clothes and rang the carriage bell.
"Prepare the supper I ordered. If you don't come back by midnight, you don't need it."
*
In reality, Moore hadn't eaten anything for 24 hours. I felt nauseous just thinking about what I was eating. Appetite is normal under normal circumstances. No matter how delicious the palace supper is, nothing seems to be eaten.
Moore's delusion was clear and intense, but I didn't overlook the confusion of the street while driving. Many men are gathering and enthusiastically discussing the situation. For the time being, the women are hiding in the mansion. Hundreds of people are wandering around the Palace Square, as if waiting for something.
It was said that he was in a bad mood and dissatisfied rather than a big rebellion. It's an atmosphere waiting for a leader, even if you're not your favorite person.
Moore is a soliloquy
"It's an inspiration. If the Grand Duke succeeds, the Contigua country and status will be saved."
On the other hand, the inside of the palace looked like a comedy. Sculptures and paintings are displayed in the hall of the portico, and there is an armor statue, and Grand Duke Boris and the Grand Duke are welcoming guests. In fact, the old Taraz tiger is exceptional, but most are dressed in Western style, and the group actually counted twelve pairs.
Eventually, Moore became known to everyone. But Moore was solely interested in the Grand Duke, the Queen, the old Taraz tiger, the adviser to Zorov, and finally, the extraordinarily interesting but flashy scammer, Zorov's wife.
A slender, fair-skinned woman is showing a dazzling smile and teeth. With red lips and deep blue eyes, Moore wanted to see Rankro's devilish beauty.
Magical power misleads men and makes them crazy. There was even something unpleasant about such beauty. Due to the cold weather, Mrs. Zorov's milky shoulders are still covered with a thin shawl.
Sometimes, I'm looking towards the Grand Duke. Moore looked at the betrayal with a shining smile. This man who never misses anything was a novelist and an activist.
The conversation was choppy. The Grand Duke was restless and the sky was above. The Grand Duke remained silent. His face was pale and waxy like a camellia on his chest, and his eyes were blazing.
Mrs. Zorov whispered to her husband, Zorov,
"It's like a leopard in a cage."
Russian Zorov replied casually,
"That's right. Natalie is a wise woman, so she knows when she loses. I'll find a way to submit her by dawn."
"The people don't fit in."
"There is no omission. The people have successfully separated from the Grand Duke. Better than no leader. Taraz is good in Russia. What if I knew it was the same? But they don't know. Listen to the square. You can see the crowd muttering. "
Mrs. Zorov smiled when she heard a distant tweet with her pink ear. Anger seems to be swirling.
A servant in uniform opened the door and told him that he was ready for dinner. When Princess Natalie passed by, Moore was gazed at by her and received great courage.
Now, it's time for the activists. Before the battle, there are usually indescribable and invisible anxieties. Feeling the heightened victory, I saw a brilliant success.
*
The dinner party proceeded quietly for a while. Gradually, the wine made the invited guests lighter and cheerful. Moore focused and secretly looked around the table. Don't miss anything at a glance.
The time was approaching. The outside voice became louder and louder, and I could even hear the dinner venue. A polite benshi is speaking loudly to the crowd. A cold smile glimpses on Princess Natalie's face.
Princess Natalie
"The Western idea of people's freedom is easy to spread."
The table light lit up, and the face of the speaker, Princess Natalie, was more like wax than before. The area is pitch black. The servants in uniforms are moving around like shadows.
Zorov laughed,
"Grand Duke Boris would have an answer."
Princess Natalie was asked.
"Are you innocent?"
This question is a challenge. The chat was interrupted like a meteor. Princess Natalie stood up and expelled her servant from the room. Made a loud noise and locked it.
There was a horrifying surprise in the room. Mrs. Zorov smiled, lowered the shawl back, and slipped back into her chair.
"Kisaki is quite bullish."
Zorov said in a faint voice.
Moore closely observes the speaker Zorov. Moore, an Englishman, sat with a chair open and visually measured the position of the enemy. An old Taraz tiger sits to the right of Princess Natalie. It doesn't move like an eagle sculpture on a Bible stand or a tombstone. The eyes of the princess, Kisaki, were shining brightly, and she was just taking off the thin skin of civilization.
"I'm stronger than I expected."
And Princess Natalie.
Mrs. Zorov laughed. Princess Natalie ate fiercely.
"This shamelessness. You have stolen my husband and are proud of it in the city. Your hair and chest jewels are mine. The Grand Duke gave it. I'm showing it to me."
"Oh, do you blame my wife?"
And Zorov shouted.
Princess Natalie counterattacked,
"Your wife is too corrupt and has no chastity. The Grand Duke does not blame. When you wake up, you will return to normal. Wake up tonight. Come on, give me a jewel."
For a moment, Mrs. Zorov was easily convinced by the order of the noble man. I instinctively touched the jewel on my chest.
Zorov shouted,
"No, no, don't do it"
"Send me, send me, send me right away"
Princess Natalie stood up and crossed the table. At that time, Moore saw the handle of the dagger shining in the princess's bodice. Then I turned to Zorov.
The next moment, the lamp on the table turned over, the lights went out, and the entire room became pitch black. However, a small spill fires a blue flame and burns on a pure white table cloth.
Most of the invited guests yelled at the door and rushed into the door, but it was locked and could not come out.
I was a little excited and laughed from Moore's mouth. I want to move, my brain is wobbly, and my fingers are sick. The time has finally come.
The lamp went out quickly, or literally jumped at Zorov. Until now, everything has been carried exactly as planned by Moore and Princess Natalie. The room was pitch black, and the invited guests were afraid to hang up at the door. You won't be disturbed. Zorov has documents comparable to the kingship.
Moore clung firmly to the enemy's neck. He gladly grabbed the Russian neck and pushed it to the floor. Moore added all the power he had. He fought for the success of his mission and for his own life, and revenge for his three dead colleagues.
[# Illustration 4 (fig60548_04.png, width 476 x height 510) is included]
Zorov was neither a blue two-year-old nor an irresistible hip, but he was surprised. I was finally caught and squeezed to death. I've been fighting in this country for glory.
But I can't swing my arm. Eventually, the eyes of the Russians were filled with red light, the sounds of the sea echoed in their ears, and they fell into the lukewarm water of oblivion. In my dreams, someone was searching my pocket, and I felt the warm red blood rushing, and I fainted.
Moore finally got the documents back. I took out an elongated handcuff from my butt pocket and put it in both Russian hands. At the same time, the threatened servant opened the door and the window, and the light of the square shined into the room. Air blew into the blue flame of the table, and it became a big yellow flame.
There is enough light now. Only five remained. On the floor, an old Taraz tiger is stabbed with a dagger in his chest and is dead like a stone. The face is calm and peaceful. This is because death came promptly.
[# Illustration 5 (fig60548_05.png, width 508 x height 270) is included]
The flame went up higher and higher. Hundreds of people are rushing to the square below, getting hot and itching. Immediately, the facts ran like wildfire among the black people.
While Zorov was dragging his legs, the Grand Duke grabbed one arm and pulled it out to the balcony, making him look drowsy and blindfolded.
The red light illuminated them from behind. The human wolves below gave a long barking cheer, then calmed down and was painful. The people there knew what was going on. It's as if you've witnessed a tragedy of darkness.
*
One hour later, the torch shined brightly during Tenedos. The old Taraz tiger has died, Adviser Zorov has fallen, and there are no more bad guys. Losing power, the weapon he relied on became Moore's.
Everyone in the delighted crowd burned patriotism and danced madly because Princess Natalie made a speech from the balcony against the burning flames.
Princess Natalie was asked by Newton Moore.
"Are you satisfied? Did you succeed?"
"I don't have any more hope, and I'm not willing to ask you anything wild. I would have failed without Her Royal Highness. I knew the perfect opportunity. I hope it wasn't overtaken by the European newspapers ..."
Princess Natalie smiled meaningfully.
[# With ground] Finished



[# End of text]
Bottom book: THE ROMANCE OF THE SECRET SERVICE FUND, No I By Woman's Wit in Pearson's Magazine, US edition, August 1900, illustrated by Victor Venner [1869-1913]
Original author: Fred M. White
* This translation is published by "Creative Commons Attribution 2.1 Japanese License" (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.1/jp/).
According to the above license, you can freely use, copy and redistribute it without asking the translator.
* For inquiries about translation, please contact the translator (okku@r.saturn.sannet.ne.jp) instead of Aozora Bunko.
Translation: Okumasuo
Created June 27, 2020
Aozora Bunko Recording File:
This file is recorded in the Internet library, Aozora Bunko (https://www.aozora.gr.jp/) at the will of the copyright holder.
