Japanese Meijinden
Mrs. Kusunoki Masashige
Eiji Yoshikawa

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Kawachi << Kawachi >>

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Younger brother | Masauji "Masauji"

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Numbers are JIS X 0213 area area number or Unicode, base page and number of lines)
(Example) * [# "Month" instead of "word" in "藹", 3rd level 1-91-26]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

[# 8 indentation] [# middle heading] 1 [# middle heading end]

The trees and grass were dead, and in the Kawachi field, only the whiteness of the frost was visible.
The world was the second battle after the battle 《Ikusa》. It was only during the peace of Kenmu. Even after hearing the terrifying death of the clan, Kusunoki Masashige and his younger brother, Masauji, the turbulence did not go away. The mountains are burning, the rivers are rustling, and the fierce battle between Kusunoki's army and Ashikaga's army is repeated, and everyone is white in Fuyuno. Like a dead grove, it seemed like it wouldn't be terrible if it didn't end up being skeletonized.
"... What should I get closer to?"
The man walking alone in the field was thinking.
Admiral Ashikaga ｜ Tokiuji Yamana was a servant of Tokiuji Yamana, and was a servant of Urushima Kura Elephant Roku. Frost was also growing on Kuroroku's jaw. A fifty-minded warrior.
Kuroroku, however, is not a warrior. He was responsible for each of the journeys of the drug dealer, and wore the shin-to of the servant Genin, who looked good on it, and was sitting down with a sword.
"Oh .... the litter is going. It seems to be the litter of a woman, Nyonin."
After passing through the winter grove, I hurried to the first line of the field.
He shouted and waved, so the litter going ahead was
"Who?"
It stopped, but at the same time, the seven members of the Roh party who protected it, with their suspicious eyes aligned, pointed the Nagamaki sword "Nagamaki" and pointed an arrow at the bow.
Kuroroku then again screamed why he was not a suspicious person. He said he was the owner of the pharmacist "Kusushi" shop that I heard in Kyoto "Miyako". I also have a book attached to Myoshinji Temple, and I am familiar with Kazuhisa Osamu. The famous medicine of Kinso, which is his own house law, was given to Masanari-sama, who had been killed in action before, through his old man, and was given a prize. He said he had.
"And what and for what purpose did the pharmacist call us to this battlefield?"
When the followers of the litter turned back, Kuroroku replied that he had come to the castle of Tojo to dedicate the medicine of the house law, and they were the merchants of Rakuchu. As for that, I added that there is no other way to serve the imperial court than to do something like this.
"How was it?"
One of the servants was asking a young woman inside her litter. Did you hear the words of Kuroroku as the peculiar heart of folk grass? * [# "Moon" instead of "word" of "藹", 3rd level 1-91-26] The Lord said inward that he should let him measure it.

[# 8 indentation] [# middle heading] 2 [# middle heading end]

Not to mention Chihaya and Mt. Kongo. There is no small mountain or depression in this area that is not a fence or a fortress.
However, Kuroroku joined the companion of the inner samurai who I met on the way to the fortress, so I entered the fortress base without difficulty. If you ask later, on the litter * [# "Moon" instead of "word" in "藹", 3rd level 1-91-26] "Jorou" is a woman in the inner samurai who serves Yoshino's temporary palace. So, it was said that he was on the way to Tojo Castle for some reason.
After Masanari's death in the war, this was Kusunoki's main castle ground. Many of the generals of the Emperor of Shap Pat Heung were martyred in Minatogawa with Masanari, but there were still 3,000 loyalty on the lonely base. There was a unity like Iwao.
"-But the strong ones are noticeably reduced."
Kuroroku saw that.
He entered in the second year of Shohei, Hosokawa of Ashikaga | Daisuke Hyobe and Tokiuji Yamana's army for the fragile spider Masayuki Kusunoki. It was shortly after the rout was covered in a defeated area.
So, now, the spirit of warfare was enthusiastic. Let's take a closer look at the head of the Yamana Hosokawa. In the spring, let's dedicate the head of Takauji to Kyo, dedicate Shinji, and ask for the return of the Lord. All of them were shining in hope.
However, from the perspective of Kuroroku, the beliefs of those people were just amazing. From the perspective of Ashikaga's army, which he serves, there is nothing that has not been told of lack of weapons, food, equipment, as well as troops.
Not to mention the millet, millet, and foxtail millet in the farmhouse, the things in the field are eaten up as if the soil was sieved. The trees of Ryusenji Temple and the vegetation here were burned out as fireworks, and all that stood were the flags of dozens of Kikusui that were black and dirty in the wind and rain.
The problem with the lack here is probably the medicine used for many injured people in the ward. With that in mind, what Kuroroku brought in as a tribute is a good idea.
"Well done"
It was delighted by the people of Toride.
The small battles in various places are constant, the injured are only breeding, and Kuroroku is also called a pharmacist 《Kusushi》.
"I want to work for the apprenticeship. It's a special victory."
It was also allowed to stay in the castle as it was.
"I've done it. If things go so far."
Kuroroku gradually began to keep an eye on his purpose.

[# 8 indentation] [# middle heading] 3 [# middle heading end]

Urushima 《Urushima》 Small 《Ko》 Shiro ｜ Tsunataka 《Tsunataka》 was about to start at the age of seventeen. Not in the first team, but in several battles, always hitting the enemy's powerful, even in Ashikaga
"The Kotsuna is a warrior. Parents, Lords."
He was a compliment.
The rope was the son of Kuroroku Urushima. He is a proud son. He was the second son of three boys.
However, during the fierce battle near Naniwa this fall, it was reported that he became a prisoner of war in the hands of Kusunoki |
"Yeah, he"
It's not just the desires of parents. His husband, Tokiuji Yamana, also thought he would be killed in action, but after that he was also taken prisoner of war by Kusunoki, but according to the story of someone who fled back.
"The Kotsuna lives in the enemy Tojo. Moreover, he swears allegiance to the Kusunoki clan and is saved."
It was said that.
It seemed quite certain, so before Mr. Tokiuji Yamana hated Koshiro Tsunataka, he told his parent, Kuroroku Urushima.
"Maybe I often hand over my child and keep it secret to the enemy."
I turned my eyes to suspicion.
In the next battle, Kuroroku Urushima and his brother and cousins were excluded from the warrior's register.
Kuroroku desperately thinks about how to wipe out the stigma of the samurai's greatest disgrace, the "straw".
"Yes. Let's decapitate the rope and show the innocence of the family. Also, if the rope has an idea, we will work together to save the child of the enemy land and escape together to Kyoto. go home"
It was something that I decided to do.

[# 8 indentation] [# middle heading] 4 [# middle heading end]

It was around the 20th of December.
Shohei 《Shohei》 2 years old 《Toshi》 has been squeezed, but the war cloud is finally terrifying. Takauji, who lost two wars before and after Masayuki took the lead, was among his allies by then.
――Masanari Tamonbei 《Tamon Hyoe Masashige》 is back.
Although there was a voice that was afraid of righteousness, no matter what, the child with a weak crown was still staring at me, but it was finally defeated here,
"This must be picked in the Futaba."
Tojo, with 60,000 soldiers from more than 20 countries, set up a large-scale operation on Niwaka, and made Kono Moronao and Moroyasu the general commander. A large number of people went to capture Akasaka.
By the 16th and 7th, the outpost battle had already become a sword in the plains of Nakagawachi.
Beyond the night of the 21st.
Mamoru Kawachi 《Kawachi no Kamisatsura》 and his younger brother ｜ Yamato Mamoru Masatoki 《Yamato no Kamisatoki》 were once withdrawn to the main castle of Tojo.
At the Daigaran of the Gozusan Iouin, the clan's chief, Kusunoki Shogen, Wada | Shinbei, the children of Rokuzaemon of the same era, Shiro Noda and his children, Ryoen Sekiji, etc. were in the military congress the next day and the day after.
Masayuki, his younger brother on the hour, and his third son, Masanori, were also at the end.
The military congress was also reported to the Imperial Court's guard army, Shineigun, Okiyoshishinnō's position, and the four | Articles, Ryusuke, and Takasuke. After hearing his opinion, the messenger was running.
"Hate. I can't see it anywhere."
Kuroroku thinks that this is the time when he is looking for his own child as a prisoner of war, and he is imprisoned not only for the faces of the soldiers who come and go, but also for the small ones, the peasants' tuns, or somewhere else. I searched for a prison, a granary, and a wood-burning hut that seemed to be likely, but I couldn't see anyone who seemed to be a prisoner of war, not necessarily my own child.
The congestion in the castle was finally added, and the number of people who had been stationed around Tennoji and Yao was once withdrawn.
Then, most of the number of soldiers, about 2,000 horsemen, uniformly left the fort, and suddenly the area of Tojo, Ryusenji, and Akasaka was sparsely populated. It was the morning when I saw it.
At the foot of Tojo, the mountain of the castle, the Hironiwa of the Ioin, the medical royal temple of Ryusenji, has an unprecedentedly vivid flag of Kikusui and an eye on the distance. A group of shining flowers, scarlet, armor such as Moegiodoshi, swords, lustrous bows, and Nagamaki swords. The soldiers and horses were looked down on.
"Ah ... Masayuki, he's a brother on the hour. By the way, it looks like he's finally going out this morning."
Kuroroku was looking at it from the eaves of the sickroom on the mountainside just by feeling it, and was surprised to jump up. This was because I happened to see my child Koshiro | Tsunataka near the flock.

[# 8 indentation] [# middle heading] 5 [# middle heading end]

With the left end of the row in mind--
This is a 23-year-old Masayuki. This year, 21-year-old Mamoru Yamato. This is the nineteenth son, Masanori.
In order, a dozen members of the clan were lined up in an orderly manner.
“…………”
“…………”
There is no voice. However, what was better than words was clear in the face of people.
The people in the line below Masayuki were now announcing the separation of their departure. In front of that line, behind the cathedral of the war dwelling, Hisako, the wife of the late Judge Masanari Kusunoki, Hisako, the widow, faced each other. was standing.
That year, Hisako was already over forty.
However, the end of the year of 20-year-old "Hatachi" -just this winter, from the birthplace of "Kannabi" township "Sato" and "Minamie" near here, the land clan Kusunoki From the time I got married to my house to the time I was born with six boys with Masanari until today, I didn't have time to relax. Perhaps there was no frost on the hair. The skin was slightly red and tense, and even a little fat like a redneck.
The clothes were the same as the poor ones worn by the wives here and there. The pelvic girdle of the silk moth, which is wrapped in a short hem, is also hand-woven.
Although it was a temple residence on the battlefield, there was also a mulberry field and a hataya in the open space. There was also a dyeing bottle "Somegame" to dye it. I taught the general's family and the peasant's wife, and at the logistics department here, I was usually self-sufficient in everything, including food, clothing and shelter.
Except for the mortuary tablets of the deceased good people, and the spirits of the guardian nation, who are lined up on the platform of the main hall with no one in the clan, the morning glory and the shadow set are rarely seen. I didn't pull the mortuary tablet of Kake.
Last night, I hardly slept.
A day of preparedness.
(This time I will not return alive)
What should be said to the children who stand out is normal. There are no tears in this period.
Rather, she directed the lower servants until now, to the children, to the subordinates who did not return alive, to a bowl of warm water, and she herself was a large kitchen. He was standing and working in the water industry, doing the work of Mizushi.
Earlier, while it was still dark, a general of more than 2,000 horses exhaled white and left here, and now again, Masayuki and below say the final farewell and stand up. It was.
――Crying.
The eyes of my mother, the eyes of my children, and the eyes of the people of the clan were so hazy that I thought.
On the side of the mother who saw her off, there were three children, Masahide 16 Masahide, Masahira 14 Masahira, and Tomoshige 11 Tomonari, with Hisako in the middle. ..
"--Then my mother"
Masayuki bowed a little,
"I'm going to leave from now on. My father's lessons, my mother's daily love | That's right, Masayuki will never return to life on his knees. He will never forget his long love, even if he dies. Please take care of your own body as if you loved Masayuki after this year. "
All the people hung their nape, but Hisako was still the same.
"Okay"
I nodded and showed it.
Masayuki is also
"From now on, I will visit Yoshino's palace, tell him about his free time, and immediately go into the bandits. His younger brother will be called at the time of the hour, but Masanori will return from the palace. After you're away, if you tell me to be polite, don't be afraid to call me. "
"You also have a heart"
The line went to the main gate with the regular line first. Outside the gate, I could hear the horselessness and the sound of Katsukatsu and Kutsuwa.
"This is here.-Adults, I don't want to stay here."
Hisako pulled the boys Shohei and Masahide, who were chasing and trying to run out, into both hands. The monks, the lower part, the peasant's wife, and the soldiers who remained absent all at once, avalanche to the main gate, waiting for the priests who had been waiting for the water to escape here. This is because the avalanche went.
Masahide and Shohei were drowning beside their mother, but Tomonari, who was still young, slipped through her mother's hand.
"I will go. I will go."
I started to run.
Following that,
"Oh, Kazuko" Wako ". Kazuko"
There is a young rogue party who hastily hugged and returned. About the same age as Masahide, the fourth son. Recently, he is a small crowner who is said to have been held by a child's servant, Morito.
Standing on the hillside of the mountain of Toride, I was staring at this place, and what suddenly struck Kuroroku's eyes was the figure of the small crowner.
It is the eyes of the parents. It was far away, but there was no doubt. That was Koshiro Tsunataka, the prisoner of war he was looking for in this castle with a bloody eye.

[# 8 indentation] [# middle heading] 6 [# middle heading end]

There is no year-end gift, no New Year.
The sun was shining, and the people were sick.
Just as people are sick, there are disasters in the heavens and the earth, and there are times when the national polity is also sick. Unless it surpasses such a certain world, the true foundation of the country is considered to be nothing more than Mandai.
The year is over. In the worries of all over Japan.
The bloody arrow screaming of Kogarashi was very rough on New Year's Day. Under the turbulent flow of low winter clouds, the end of the powder snow flying from the Katsuragi Renpo
"What is the battle? -What is the victory or defeat?"
The people of Tojo, who were away, were watching Kawachi's field with worried eyes.
When his brother Masayuki departed, he went to Yoshino's temporary palace together, and when he broke up and returned to the castle, Masanori, as soon as he returned, appeared in his mother's living room. Show me,
"Mother. Don't be happy."
I returned to life.
According to the report of Masanori, Emperor Go-Murakami was struck by the fact that Masayuki had heard that he was begging for the present life, and that the winter breeze was also a blindfold. Under the poor temporary palace floor, Kizahashi, he was called up to the right and even covered with a bamboo blind.
"My chin will enjoy you as a crotch."
It was said that he was intimately told.
"Thank you, I'm sorry, I don't want to go to the bran."
While talking, Masanori pressed the sleeve of his armor against his face and cried, and his mother, Hisako, spilled tears that she didn't show at all on this day.
"I'm sorry"
Hurry up and turn your knees toward Yoshino's temporary palace correctly, lie down and worship
"... And the right thing to do"
"I was so afraid that my brother didn't seem to be able to give me any answer. When I was looking at my brother, Anijabito, I found that my mother wore Akaji Nishiki's short sleeves, and Moegi Odoshi's armor. 》, Prying the sword, forever lying down like a stone, but it seemed to be a faint trap. ”
"To be happy .... That's right, that's right."
Every time he met a great joy, Hisako aroused Masanari Yoshito in his chest. And in my heart
(I'm sorry for the inconvenience. I did this)
And, as it was in the past, I reported my joy and my efforts in my heart.
On the contrary, even when the children had a fault and there was a clause that was considered to be lacking in their own duties.
(I've been fooling around. I'm grateful from now on)
And apologizing to my heart was the same as the day when good people were in the world.
Until I moved here, I was at Kanshinji Temple, and I was close to the good people of the Buddha Myoshinji Temple, and naturally she was also close to me. Although he was enthusiastic about his faith, the Buddha of Uyumuyu was a spectacle of posterity. Hearing the arrow bamboo of Shura outside the kitchen, fighting for a long time with the childcare of six people, the harmony of the clan, and the lack of clothes and burning things, etc. It is different from the usual bodhisattva of the world by the time it is alive and alive, stronger than standing in the enemy's arrow breeze, while being completely hidden by internal assistance. was there.
The root thing that was still stuck in her chest was the one that Masanari Yoshito was full of. It was Sachi, who was born in this country, that one bloody couple always talked to each other while they were in the world of good people. I was relieved to keep my life on top of the unfortunate national polity. It was the gratitude of the prince. This was also a family and children of the family who looked around as one of the great people "Omitakara".
Hisako was convinced that the idea she had had since she married Masanari was even more confused. The more he gave birth to a child and the more noisy the world was, the stronger his belief was.
The year after the birth of the youngest child, Tomonari. May of the first year of Engen.
The head of a good man who died in Minatogawa was eventually sent from the enemy, and when he welcomed the changed side to a room in Kanshinji and looked up, he couldn't stop crying as it was. In addition, with the feeling of talking with each other, the vows of the couple when they were alive, and the power of the will that could be secretly made in that moment, are not known from the good people in their lifetime. It was thanks to Kunimoto's clear eyes that he had enjoyed without knowing it. Also, it was the daily determination of Takeo's wife, and the help of Mida's mistress.
"Masanori"
Soon, Hisako quietly called out. As we celebrate this New Year, we are staring at the appearance of the righteousness who turned 20 years old.
"From the mouth of the prince of the heavens, to Masatsura, a vassal, I was praised for the fact that you were struck by the sword and the sword, and died. I thought that my father would be satisfied, but if I think deeply, is it okay for this kingdom to have such a lot of fear? --You are already 20 years old. Father. I will never forget my lesson. I will not be inferior to my brothers in the service to the imperial court. You are the general general, and your mother is the mother of the house. The command of the things, the heart, the training of the loyalty, and the fact that you are in the royal court and virtue. Even more than today, the gift of heart. Be prepared for the loyalty of the third generation. "
"I understand. I understand well."
Masanori also wept, and his mother often put her cuffs on her eyelids, probably because she had no other followers or young people.
Masanori was looked at by her mother like a giant tree of charity.
The big tree has its branches cut down and its leaves sifted off as the years go by. Masanari, a good man, Masanari, a younger brother of a good man, and Masatada Minamie, a brother of Satokata, died one after another, and even people who were distantly related to the clan. I left Kozue to it.
The branch on the right was cut down, and the force on the left was applied * [# "To hen +", 3rd level 1-84-80] Even if << mo >> was removed, the tree did not show a damaged face. I don't even talk about old age. Believing in the coming spring, he is standing on the ground.
But-as expected.
After sending Masayuki and the hour, who had been raised as young people who are not ashamed of good people for more than 20 years, to the battlefield that never returns, the annual ring of his mother, Toshiwa, is revisited in Masanori. Was done. I couldn't help crying because of the wounds and the swords of the tree.
There was a moment of the day, but when I left the vine and looked at the sky from the mountain of Tojo toward Kawachi, where the snow was good, I saw the wind of arrowheads and dead fields. The heavens and the earth were surrounded by gray snow, yesterday and today.
"What about the battle?"
"My brothers" -I rushed away.
The soldiers of the absence 《Rusutori de》 also asked the main gate about the horse's absence.
"Wow. You're using it."
Every moment, I saw it as a messenger from the front line that was waiting for me, and I tended to run out.

[# 8 indentation] [# middle heading] 7 [# middle heading end]

Everyone's eyes were bleeding, as if a shining thing flickered at the tip of the sword and the mind was upset.
The congestion of the castle from the night came until the dawn of the 6th.
The defeat of allies, the annihilation of Shijonawate, and the names of many members of the clan were heard one after another.
It was reported by allies who had withdrawn as if crawling with the breath of insects covered with blood and mud, using a bow or blood sword as a cane.
"Don't make a noise"
Hisako, who has rarely appeared in the soldier's tun at dawn, finally at dawn, because the manic sword in the castle is too much to stop. He seemed to go out and encourage his orthodox command and treatment.
As he left, his youngest child, Tomonari, woke up and chased after his mother.
"Looking at Kazuko, a small rope, and giving me a gift."
I went to the small crowner "Kokanja" who played the role of "Moriyaku".
"Kazuko-sama, Kazuko-sama, Sa, let's call Kariginu. I'll catch a cold. And let's play with Kotsuna and today at Takeyama. Good bamboo cutting. Let's make bamboo horses. "
It was the time when I wore a kariginu and got off the edge of the 蔀 《Shitomi》 while wondering.
"Koshiro"
Suddenly, I jumped out of the shadow, and Urushima Kura Elephant Roku stood in front of me.
"Oh, my father"
Suddenly, Kuroroku rushed to the place of the standing child, and laid him down on the ground.
"Oh, oh, I am"
The resentment of bones and flesh lost sight of the cruelty as if he was angry at himself, and he was squeezing his throat. But what I'm saying is that I'm not thirsty for the fire of emotions.
In the face of his father's appearance,
"What are you doing? Father, let's get angry."
While the face was being scratched by the frozen land, the face of the rope was rather calm.
Looking at the calm eyes of the child, Kuroroku suddenly turned to his parents. I self-reflected not to grow up. In particular, I noticed the Wakizashi that I had unknowingly pulled out to my right hand, and wondered what I was going to do with it.
While pushing the loosening father's hand, the rope stood up and
"No, I understand the reason for my anger. Before that, I wondered why I went to the Kusunoki family and did something like why I followed the path of a samurai." Let's say "
Sit back to the ground.
"Please calm down and sit down, my father too."
"Let's say this.-Let's hear it."
Kuroroku sat with his shoulders and knees sharpened in a square. He showed his father's face strictly.
"That was October of last year's Kozo | Nakaba. During the battle of Naniwa, even though it was a dark night, I was unknowingly because of the Kusunoki group. However, shame was a temporary feeling. Nowadays, I often become a captive and do not hesitate to step on the path of a true person and the path of a samurai. Thank you for your support. "
"What is it?"
"Please ask me until the end. The battle at that time was a devastating defeat of Ashikaga. There were countless people who fell from the cliffs of Watanabe Bridge to the Hayase of the Yodo River, and I was one of them, and I fell into the deep pool, and the cold was cold. He was helped by the rope ladder and the top of the cliff when he thought that he would be drowning in the heavy torso and body, but he was not an ally, Kusunoki. Is
"And"
"Looking at it, there were a hundred or thirty Ashikaga soldiers who had fallen into the river and were saved. They were towed to the camp as a group, and they were determined to be decapitated. When I was there, Itoura's young general, Mamoru Kusunoki, was Mr. Masayuki Masayuki. To be told to us, the suspicious enemies-(Pity and soldiers, bonfires, samurai are confused with each other. . Even though it is a thief army, he said that he worked for the Lord, that he had a wife, that he had a child, that he could go back to the city, and if he had a connection, he would have a bonfire on the battlefield. I was struck by the fire, dried my underwear, and wondered how the medicine should eat the porridge. "
"Hmm ..."
"I cried. Even the daredevil strong man, Tsuwamonobara, wasn't really a hatamoto, a hatamoto of Masanari, and he wasn't a captive. , I returned to Kyoto, but the other half vowed to surrender on the spot and said that they wanted to work for Masayuki's Hatamoto. I was one of them. "
"What did you surrender? Surrender."
"Okay"
"Shame on you. Do you feel like you betray your father, your clan, and your husband?"
"No, my father"
The small rope was called "blocking".
"I also suffered from that, but after being called by Mr. Kusunoki, I was able to solve my worries with my Bushido.-Who and who are you? There must be only one prince in this Japanese "Hinomoto". Ashikaga-den, and the people who are in charge of Ashikaga-den, have a fundamental reason for it. I'm sick, so their battle is turbulent. My name is Zokushi .-- If my father couldn't come here, one day I would go to rescue him from the bandits. I was born in the house of Takeo Mononofu, and if I missed the path of Takeo and stigmatized the thief and rotted, wouldn't I be sorry? "

[# 8 indentation] [# middle heading] 8 [# middle heading end]

“…………”
Kuroroku was so groaning that he never tried to release his arm that was squeezed in his chest.
――At that time, I suddenly noticed.
The mountains of the castle suddenly became a lake-like loneliness. I saw a line of quiet lines that didn't even make a rushing sound, coming up here from the main gate, like the flow of water.
The person who could be seen at the end of the line wore a white mourning dress "Mofuku" rather than the snow on the peak of Katsuragi "Katsuragi", and dedicated a white cover cloth to the white wooden stand. Under the cover cloth, one sleeve of the blood-stained armor, Kusazuri, and the black hair stained with blood glue were placed.
It seemed that it was Masayuki, who was picked up from the battlefield, and Katami, a relic of his younger brother.
Needless to say, the woman who mourns, greets and dedicates it is the mother who gave birth to that righteousness and time.
Masanori, Masahide, Shohei, and the absent brothers also tended to follow their mother. The servants and old vassals wiped their tears, but there were no tears in Hisako's face or in the eyes of his brothers. Rather, thinking of the day of the martial arts that they would go to one after another, they were struck with a strong will and vows behind their sorrowful eyebrows.
"Mother.-What? What? What is it?"
Tomonari, the youngest child who suddenly ran up, asked her mother's mourning dress.
"Your brothers are back. Adults, come on."
"Where are you? Where are you? Mother"
"In the room where my dad always plays with me.-And my uncle who played with me in Minatogawa all turned to Tenshi-sama, and the remaining children were justified. Masanori is also absent. Also, I would like to say that Shohei and Tomonari will grow up and come to protect the Imperial Palace. Is it okay for you to lack a seat? . Come follow my mother. "
"Ai"
Tomonari made a big nod with a well-understood face.
“…………”
It was Kuroroku Urushima who was seeing off with an unclear look even after all the people were hidden deep inside the shop.
However, suddenly, when he covered his face with both hands, he burst into tears. I was afraid of the heavens and apologized to the earth.
And suddenly clasped the hand of the rope tightly,
"In this eye, in this eye, I saw a real person for the first time. No, I saw a god, I saw a country called" Hinomoto "in Japan. It is. "
"No. I will not return. I will stay under the flag of Masanori-sama, Mihata."
"What are you coming back soon? My wife, your brothers, my relatives, Tomogara, can I just abandon them in the name of the thief? , Fifty brothers, Tsuwamono, will be brought in. In the meantime, the flag of Masanori-sama will be transferred to another place, but I will continue to visit him everywhere. "
"Then, my father too"
"Thank you, Koshiro, you guided me. Yes, the world in Kyoto is noisy with me. I'm going alone. It's embarrassing to be pulled by my child, For the section that came to your side, I'll ask you to take it. "
At Kanshinji Temple, Ryusenji Temple, Amanosan Kongouji Temple, Mine, and Toridera Temple in the valley, the bell of the guardian country rang. It was a bell to mourn the spirit of righteousness and time. The sky full of flowers that came down from time to time turned into white spring snow.



Bottom book: "Four princes of the sword, Japanese famous woman biography" Eiji Yoshikawa Bunko, Kodansha
First print issued on April 1, 1977 (Showa 52)
First appearance: "Shufu no Tomo"
January 1940 (Showa 15) issue
Input: Takashi Kawayama
Calibration: Yukimori
Created on August 7, 2014
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
