Damon and Pisias
Suzuki Miekichi

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Rare 《Greek》

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Every morning | Apply hair shaving
-------------------------------------------------- -----

One

This is a story of a time when the Greeks were completely dominated in the Mediterranean Sea 2,000 years ago.
Around that time, the Greeks entered the Greek island of Italy today and created a town called Syracuse on the eastern coast. Again, the citizens chose some parliamentarians from among everyone, leaving them to take control of everything. At one point, one of the parliamentarians had a great skill called Dionysias.
Dionysias was originally used as a low-ranking person, but with one of his own talents, he finally reached the position of a parliamentary officer. Thanks to this person, Syracuse suddenly became richer and richer, making it the most powerful town compared to other colonies on the island.
Among those colonies, there were some towns built by African Carsage people. Syracuse has always had a terrible relationship with the Carsages. Dionysias finally led the Syracuses into a great war with those Africans. And I was terribly defeated.
That's why Dionysias has become the number one player in Syracuse. So gradually, I pushed away the other parliamentarians and started to take care of the whole town on my own.
Dionysias was a very selfish and cruel man. Citizens hated Dionysias like a snake from his various violence. However, neither the citizens nor the other parliamentarians were scared of his violence and could not rebel against anyone.
Dionysias knew well what all the citizens had for themselves. So I wasn't careful at all. You don't even know when and who will kill you in what way. That's why Dionysias finally became suspicious of anyone anymore.
He gently dug up the large rock behind the prison from below so that no one could see it, and created a secret room in it. Then, I made a mechanism that the criminal's voice came from the prison, and always crawl into it and listened to what the sinners were saying.
Then, to prevent anyone from approaching my bedroom, I dug a large groove around it, hung a suspension bridge over it, and lifted it up and down with my own hands. I went in and out of the room by "giving".
At some point, he was a barber who shaved his face.
He said, "I'm going to shave my hair every morning on that tyrant's throat." I have been sentenced to death. And after that, I had my daughters shave their faces without having a barber anymore. But later, I wasn't even relieved that my child would even hit him with a razor. So I finally stopped shaving the beard, and instead burned the chestnut shells to bright red, so that my daughters burned the beard.
One day he asked a man named Antiphon where the best brass came from. Then Antifon
"It's the best of Harmodius and Aristo Gayton's cast statues," he replied. Dionysias was frightened and immediately killed the man. Harmodius and Aristo Gayton are the heroes of the town of Azen in Greece, who cut off the children of the tyrant Pisistratus there. These two statues stood in Azen. Antifon boldly cites it and tells Dionysias.
At one point, Dionysias heard that a friend, Domocres, was jealous of wanting to look like Dionysias, even if it was only one day. So he immediately called the Domocres, with a variety of unusual and beautiful flowers, spices and music, which served in a magnificent room, serving as good food as possible and high-priced wine. We had a powerful treat.
Domocres was overjoyed. However, when I suddenly raised my face, a large sword with a sharp point was hung upside down by the hairline of the tail of a horse just above my head. I was surprised and turned blue. This was done because Dionysias wanted to show that my situation was exactly this.
Dionysias was such a violent person, but along with that, there was a great deal of scholarship on the one hand, and various scholars and poets were always gathered on the side. And I made more and more poems myself.
At one point, Dionysias heard that a scholar named Philosenus was blaming the poem he wrote, and he got angry and immediately caught him and put him in prison.
In the meantime, Dionysias wrote another poem. And I was very good at making such a fine poem, so I immediately called Philosenus out of the prison and showed it off. When Philosenus read the poem, Dionysias looked down on the other person's face, not saying how bad it was, but still bad.
Then Philosenus turned to Quruli and the prison graduate without saying anything.
"Hey, put me in the prison again."
Dionysias also made a smirk laugh only at this time. Then, I released it as it was as a sign to praise the other person's honesty.

Two

However, among the stories that have been told about Dionysias, the one that impresses the most is probably the story of Pissias and Damon, who are scared.
These two were both Pisagolas students, who were practicing the teachings of Pisagolas, a scholar who had been around for a long time.
It is not clear now what kind of person Pisagoras was and what he preached. However, the students of this school considered that killing all emotions, especially anger, and staying still in any pain, was the primary task of human beings. .. Suppressing one's feelings and desires in this way is called self-control. Pisa Golas students say that the more this self-control can be done by humans, the closer they are to God. Those who have pierced through with complete self-control can become God after death, and vice versa. I believed that those who couldn't hold themselves down and did various bad things would be born to beasts or smaller animals in the next world.
The students were always firmly united with each other and studied various academic fields. In particular, I studied mathematics and music as the most important ones.
One of the students, Pissiah, came to Syracuse, but he was glared and arrested as if it was always rebelling against Dionysias. Dionysias suddenly sentenced him to death.
Pisias said, let's kill him with his back. But before that, I have one wish, I have land in Greece, and I have my own. So I went back there, cleaned up everything, and soon came out again and was executed, so I said I'd like to get forgiveness for a while.
Dionysias was ridiculed when he heard it. Then, after moving to the far side of the sea, I wonder if there is an idiot who will bother to be killed again, or if I think that I can be circled with such a playful hand. I laughed from the sea.
Pisias is
"But there is something that can take the place of me until I change. One of my friends will take care of it," he added.
"Haha, that's what you made fun of. So where are the people who give up their lives," Dionysias laughed.
Then, a person named Damon came out immediately.
"Please keep me in place of Pissiah. If Pissiah deceives you and does not return by the designated date, kill me immediately."
Dionysias was rather surprised to hear Damon's offer. And ok, then I said I'd let him do what Pisias said. Anyway, that was because I thought it was just fun to try Damon's stupidity.
Damon was trapped in a prison instead. Dionysias told the prison graduate to keep watch over Damon's Yoko. However, Damon never showed a little uneasy Yoko.
"I believe in Pissiah. He is a good person. He never lie. If that person's return is delayed, it is not his fault, but an unavoidable unexpected event. Hindered me. At that time I would be happy to show that I was killed on behalf of that person. "
Damon said this and was calm.
However, as Dionysias thought, even when the appointed day finally came, Pisias did not come back as it was. Damon was still fine.
"This must have been a rough sea on the way. What if I was killed," Damon told the prison graduate.
Dionysias laughed at it. And finally, I said that I would kill you if I didn't return by what time today.
The time was approaching soon. Damon was mercilessly pulled to the death penalty. The prison graduate was waiting with all the tools for the death penalty. Damon will become a cold corpse after a few more minutes. But he believed that Pissiah never lied, even when he was on the verge of becoming "Magiwa", but that he was left behind in unavoidable circumstances.
Then, Pisias came back there. Pissiah took Damon's hand and was delighted that he was just in time. Then, with a smile, he quietly waited for the death penalty on behalf of Damon.
Dionysias was completely surprised.
And I immediately forgave the sin of Pisias. No amount of this tyrant can kill such a fine person. Dionysias then called them again to his side.
He is a poor person who could not believe in people before. He did the violence he wanted. Then I suspected everyone in order to steal my life for as long as possible. To that end, many people were killed or pushed in. So when he saw the fraternity and fraternity of Pisius and Damon, he was really envious and unbearable.
He was only for two people.
"Please join me as two of you, and I want to be a true friend of the three."
By saying this, it means that he took the hands of Pisias and Damon.



Bottom book: "Suzuki Miekichi Children's Storybook" Iwanami Bunko, Iwanami Shoten
Issued the first print on November 18, 1996 (Heisei 8)
Parent of the bottom book: "Miekichi Suzuki Children's Story Complete Works" Bunsendou Bookstore
1975 (Showa 50)
First appearance: "Red Bird"
November 1920 (Taisho 9)
Input: Atsushi Suzuki
Proofreading: Kayoko
Created January 27, 2004
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
