Fairy tale
Tamiki Hara

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Shun << Blink >>

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) I didn't rely on them at the same time [# "I didn't rely on them at the same time" is mom]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

A person was at home. I didn't really understand what was going on there. I wondered if someone had died. Everyone said they were born. I don't know who was born. I was the only one who was born in the end.
When I was born, I forgot something. Wasn't it me who bounced around in the darkness in the form of fish, birds and monsters, and was exposed to the waves and wind for centuries?
I was wrapped in a warm cloth and placed on the futon. It was rare for me, but I didn't rely on it at the same time [# "I didn't rely on it at the same time" is mom]. When I felt comfortable, I always wanted to stay there, but sometimes I couldn't stand it. The ceiling of the house, the lamps, and the human voice threatened me. When I woke up and it was dark, I wondered if I was dead again. However, when the morning came, my surroundings made a noise and moved.
It was a long time later that I remembered my mother. The moment I knew my mother, I felt a little mysterious. That face was neither stranger nor me, that is, one face that suddenly appeared. After a long time, I learned about my father and brothers and sisters. A vague consciousness gradually reassured me [# "Reassuring me" is mom]. I don't exist alone, but something similar to me moves around me. But strangely, they have a naive look on it. I sometimes looked strange in their faces.
The space in front of my eyes was inevitable. I thought that the space was a mixture of various pains and pleasures. If you stare at it for too long, your eyes will blink naturally. Then the space was renewed. However, the next moment it was still the original space. I've lived for a long time and have become accustomed to life. I had enough milk and enough sleep, so I let my eyes play in the space with ecstasy. Then a breeze ran from somewhere and stroked my cheeks. I smiled.
My mother hugged me and went out of the house. Then, the front of my eyes suddenly became bright. It's all unfamiliar to me. A butterfly flew over the rape blossoms. The fingers of my palm moved while looking at it. Then the butterflies soared high and high. The leaves shook toward the dazzling treetops. I raised my palm up, wondering if the butterflies had turned into leaves. But I couldn't grasp it.

I saw a carp in the pond. The carp swam comfortably in the water.
In the morning, in the evening, the sparrow screamed that it was incomprehensible. Most things other than me say things, but I'm frustrated because I can't say anything. It's the walls and pillars that can't be said, but the clock is constantly speaking. I was surprised to hear a big sound especially at night. However, when it stopped ringing, a busy sound continued with chicken chicken. The sound of running away, running away, suddenly rushes. I don't know why I have to escape or where I should escape, but I feel strangely hopeless. My feelings become feverish.

Adults show me a picture of a horse and often imitate it. Then I feel like I've become a horse. How fun it is to run very fast and rampage, I'm full of urges to move freely. Shoji screens, ceilings, and tatami mats move by my side as my body is easily carried by the arms of an adult.
When the shoji, the ceiling, and the tatami mats do not move, the whole thing has a mysterious mystery. Especially in the evening, before the lamp is turned on. Now I'm a lump, which is placed in my house. The sky of the living is exhibited above the house. And that's all certain, but not as obscure as certain.

I got a fever and I was put to sleep. Somewhere, a mysterious sound continued. When I closed my eyes, an old man who had never seen me appeared and blamed me for something difficult. I think I'm crying, but I can't make a voice. Suddenly, a child like me collapses when a lot of children run from the left and right and collide. Children will appear later even if they fall down. After a series of battles, a horse jumped out. If you look at it, it's a peeled horse, and it makes the bright red meat tingle.
When I suddenly noticed, I wasn't dead yet. My mother's hand squeezed my forehead. I was kind of happy and laughed.

Alone, I crawl on the tatami mats. It's a dog toy that rolls there, but I'm not uncommon anymore. However, when I suddenly pulled the dog's ear, it easily twisted. I was crazy about it. At that time, someone picked me up lightly afterwards, so I was hailed with a dog's ear. The other person skillfully hugged me and said something. Even though I realized that I was embraced by a stranger, I didn't feel sick. The woman rubbed her cheeks against me. Then I dropped me on the tatami mat. I wasn't distracted by the dog's ears anymore. While she was at home, I felt strange about her. I wonder if I can be remade.

One morning, a band passed outside the house. A simple, floating melody tempted me. The orchestra took everyone, crossed mountains, crossed valleys, crossed the sea, and continued forever and ever, so it was like coming along with you. Seeing off the troupe moving away, I felt something fluffy on the bottom of my ears. Once again, every day I waited for the band to come back.



Bottom book: "Popular version Tamiki Hara Complete Works Volume 1" Haga Bookstore
First edition issued on February 15, 1966 (Showa 41)
Input: Jianglong
Proofreading: Tokiya Ito
Created January 24, 2013
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
