Movie miscellaneous feelings (* [# Roman numerals 7, 1-13-27])
Torahiko Terada

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Detective movie "Tanteiiga"

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) [# 3 indentation] One shadowless man [# "One shadowless man" is a middle heading]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

[# 3 indentation] One shadowless man [# "One shadowless man" is a middle heading]

It is a kind of detective movie "Tanteiiga". But the fun of this movie is not the bizarre detective taste of the story, but rather the combination of the unique personalities of a man named William Powell and a woman named Myrna Loy and these two actors, and the peculiarity represented by them. It seems that it has a good reputation that it depends on the taste of a married couple. Some see the couple's relationship as a kind of sophistication. The implication is that the content of these things, on the one hand, contains less sensible elements such as artificial, unnatural, impure, imitation, and forgery. Also, when you turn over something that is not so good on one side and look at it from the back, you can recognize the high-dimensional beauty of the pure and pure things that emerge from the back. It seems that it can be done. In other words, I think I'm using these words in the sense that I can find more and deeper truths from lies than the truths with the mundane slogan. Imagine that there isn't.
Like this couple, the fact that they love each other deeply, do not fall in love, believe in each other firmly, and do not accept faith may seem to the Americans as a novel big discovery, which is very rare, but to the Japanese. Actually, it's not unusual at all, but rather it seems to have been the standard of standard "normal" marital relationships. In fact, however, it was surprisingly difficult to realize this standard relationship. Rather, Normar is often the most representative of the faint and deep relationship between a middle-aged or older patron who seems to have exhausted his hobby and a geisha who has exhausted spicy acid. It seems that it was realized in a simple way.
In Edo dialect, chic is a difficult word to explain in modern language, and it is a completely confusing word when trying to translate it into a foreign language. However, can we not recognize something like a reflection of the essence of Edokko in the sophistication of marital love that appeared in this movie "Shoot to Kill"?
On the one hand, the spirit of chic shakes hands with the spirit of haiku. At the boundary between the two worlds, the explicit truth and the flat deception, there is a world of haiku constructed in a high-dimensional space like a neutral zone. At the point where the fruit and the imaginary come into contact with each other, there is a boundary of the truth that transcends the truth, and I feel that the style was born there and the essence sprouted. However, the products of this neutral zone may be seen as abandoned or incomplete by the inhabitants of the two worlds on either side of the zone. But in the end it is a difference in the world in which it lives, a natural racial discrimination. It's not an argument.
It is very interesting that the youngest Americans in the world seem to have noticed the existence of this world of haiku by this time in the 1930s. Then, it is even more interesting to see in what form the Japanese of the long-established head family, "Shinise", will be able to handle the reimportation of "Haiku" translated into this American language. It's deep.
It is a well-known fact that Japanese filmmakers once attempted to reimport haiku montages from Soviet Russia and were enthusiastic about it.

[# 3 indentation] Two Roberta [# "Two Roberta" is a middle heading]

Similar to the "Continental" seen before, it is a musical comedy with the theme of a dance between entertainers Fred Astea and Ginger Rogers. Hana is something that has no dullness. When I was watching this, the forty man who was in the seat just to the right of me kept dozing all the time, trying to hit his sweaty head against my right shoulder. It seemed to be a boring movie for an honest audience who wasn't prepared to take any interest in such a movie at all.
However, it is still interesting to see this Astea and Rogers dance duet. I don't know anything about dance, much less Western foot dance. It's strange that it's still interesting even though I don't understand why.
The dance of these two people was watching and there was no fluff at all. I'm seeing the driving of something complicated engine that is very stable and very well-balanced, even though I'm bouncing around freely with my hands and feet, stretching and contracting freely. There is such a mysterious pleasure.
The breathing of the two people really matched well. The effect produced from it seems to be three, four, and ten instead of one plus one. The same thing is often seen in the dances of Kikugoro and Mitsugoro.
At first, both the man named Astea and the woman named Rogers looked like strange men, but as they watched the dance, the man gradually became a man with a strong belly. However, it is strange because the woman looks like a woman with a beautiful spirit in her chest.
I think the power of art is terrifying. However, I think that it is impossible to perform arts without being hungry and motivated. [# Raise two characters from the ground] (October 1945, Shibu persimmon)



Bottom book: "Torahiko Terada Complete Works Vol. 10" Iwanami Shoten
Issued the first print on July 7, 1961 (Showa 36)
First appearance: "Astringent persimmon"
October 10, 1935 (Showa 10)
Input: Yoneda
Proofreading: Michio Tomita
Created May 2, 2012
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
