Brush
Mokichi Saito

When it comes to "calligraphy," Chinese people have always been great. Even though I feel that there are many Wang Xizhi in Shin, there are many great people after that. But I didn't understand the book. In the beginning of Rantei, I didn't know how great the right army was. So I can't discuss books.
One year, I played in Beijing, China, and took a walk in Lurisyan. There are brushmakers such as Karen Ao and Daigetsuken, and Japanese travelers often buy brushes as souvenirs. It is a brush craftsman for Japanese people, and has a somewhat Japanese odor.
However, one day I got a small sheep brush at an old shop in the alley there. The old man who trades it is said to belong to the world of Kenriyu.
For those who traveled to Europe, I found a sticker at a watch shop in Chiyurich, Switzerland, and wrote in Japanese, "Discounts for Japanese people." It is unclear whether the watch had a Japanese odor, but Rurishiyan's brushmaker has a somewhat Japanese odor.
The old, small sheep that I bought had no Japanese odor at that time, so I brought it back to Japan.
I went to Hokudaira when I was in my forties, so if you're in the 60's and you're quiet, why don't you play with the book? Shall I buy a cheap copy of calligraphy and look at it? At that time, Kenriyu's small brush is useful. I'm looking forward to it.
However, I wasn't quiet, and like a light-headed arrow, I became fifty, sixty, and went to war. In Chinese texts, it is sometimes said that the characters are written in the middle of Kayama Yusui. When the war has begun and we don't know what will happen in the future, we can't keep up with the calligraphy.
When the war became fierce and the air raids became terrifying, I fled to the countryside. In the hectic baggage at that time, there was also a small brush, and I should have put naphthalene and so on.
In the summer of 1945, the war ended with a break. In January 1945, I moved to Oishida, but I didn't have the opportunity to use a brush. Eventually I suffered from pleurisy, but fortunately I was healed and went to bed and woke up in September.
Twenty-one years have passed and it has been twenty-two years. However, the times changed from moment to moment, and it became difficult to travel by train and to go out.
At the same time, I couldn't say that I would stay here forever, so in November 1947, I left Oishida and was on my way back to Tokyo. It's been two years in Tokyo since then, but in September of this year, when I was clearing up the load I hadn't taken so far, his Kenriyu brush was eaten by insects and the wool It was completely gone, and I came out as a whole shaven. It seems that the insect guy went on the offensive by taking advantage of the naphthalene's faint state. This small brush, which also helped in the air raid, was turned into a shaven overnight (probably by Sauda) because of an insect.



Bottom book: "Japanese famous ink 27 ink" work company
Issued the first print on January 25, 1985 (Showa 60)
Issued the 17th edition on May 20, 1997
Parent of the bottom book: "Shigekichi Saito Complete Works Vol. 7" Iwanami Shoten
First edition issued in June 1975 (Showa 50)
"Mokichi Saito's ink collection" Kodansha
First edition issued in 1976 (Showa 51)
* The mixture of large and small sokuon is the same as the original.
Input: Hiroshi Kadota
Proofreading: Sensui Ebisu
Created May 30, 2010
Revised April 15, 2011
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
