Unnecessary theory of honesty
--Answer to Mr. Shimaki--
Yuriko Miyamoto

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) 衍 《Fuen》

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) [# with ground] [June 1937]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

I saw your impression of the literary commentary in the April issue of "Bungei Shunju". While spreading the impression of another author's novel "Kiboukan", at some point, some people who were actually exercising moved to work in literature and are showing some kind of things today. At that time, I mentioned various doubts that I felt toward literary activities. Your impressions about it are written.
As a writer's subjectivity, you never work with an underestimation of the writer's work, awareness of the work, honesty, and lack of passion, as was said at the time. When it is said that it is irreplaceable, I feel that it is necessary to use the public language of your writer, which is shown as common in a broad sense, in such a place. not.
However, no matter how well the sincerity and effort of a writer is appreciated, the immaturity that a literary movement had in its whole at a certain time is still objective. Is visible and I think it is natural to be picked up.
We should delve into the many questions that people who have worked in other fields raise in their literary activities, from the surprise that "that man was the leader of the movement." I think of your opinion that it is not just an old-fashioned view of culturalism. The youth of history at that time, and the immaturity of experience as a whole, may have placed you in the position of a leader, and at the same time, in your understanding of literature. It seems that the immaturity of his youth gave birth to inevitable culturalism.
Your words such as such a man might sound like a whip cutting through the air, but I have a less atrocious feeling about history. As you all know about our common immaturity, we are living in a situation where we have to think deeply as a woman.
I was sent this sentence of yours and read it, and I was struck by some very complicated feelings. I wondered if what was written in your text was the most important thing for you today that must be written as a word in such a place. Because, as a writer who has enough truth in the sense claimed in this sentence, you are usually seen by the world. That is clearly understood by himself as well. And it is self-evident that the methods and efforts to overcome each of the difficulties we have as a whole should be shared. To put it plainly, in order to properly utilize the properties that these paper pairs naturally expect, some kind of literary proclamation that you are in a place that is deeper than me, for example. It is regrettable that I could not find a public word from the standpoint of a writer who is aware of the social meaning of such things. Not only is there no need for us writers to have an abstract comparison of the amount of sincerity they have, as in the fairy tale, but also sincerity itself, the public and private of everyday writer-like advancement and retreat. I think that we can show our existence only by living through the above. [# With ground] [June 1937]



Bottom book: "Miyamoto Yuriko Complete Works Vol. 11" Shinnihon Shuppansha
First edition issued on January 20, 1980 (Showa 55)
Issued the 5th printing on March 20, 1986 (Showa 61)
Parent book: "Miyamoto Yuriko Complete Works Vol. 7" Kawade Shobo
Issued in July 1951 (Showa 26)
First appearance: "Yomiuri Shimbun"
June 9, 1937 (Showa 12) issue
Input: Takuji Shibata
Proofreading: Susumu Yoneda
Created February 17, 2003
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
