Find your way deeply and quietly
Yuriko Miyamoto

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) 《Torima》

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) One | Group "Mass"

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) Social knowledge [# "emphasis mark"] is
-------------------------------------------------- -----

If you think quietly, in our human life, as long as there is discrimination between both sexes and sexual negotiations in the meantime, various problems of marriage collapse and love affairs have already occurred. I think it is an unavoidable fact.
However, the attitudes of the parties concerned and the surrounding minds toward those facts differ depending on the society at a certain time. Today, no matter how we think about it, the fantasy that provokes a war with two tribes and even the gods for Helena alone cannot be imagined as a kind of romance. The history of romance directly pierced the instinct of the group "Mass" in the days when human ancestors lived a primitive life. They were absorbed in it as a single emotion that did not have the good and evil of their conflicting with each other, and the necessity and unnecessaryness in mind.
However, as the range of human cognition expands and individual consciousness works toward life as a more diverse and complex integrated personality, on the one hand, as sociality becomes more powerful, human beings The individuality becomes remarkable.
As long as one society is formed, each individual is not a single stone without a chain. It is clear that mutual interests, all happiness and unhappiness, are constantly influencing each other in tangible and intangible ways. At the same time, within the scope of affirmation that the general public acknowledges based on their ideals of survival, ethics, etc., each person shares freedom and independence, convinced of their responsibilities and obligations. If the era when family life was enslaved to the tribe "tribe" is gone and it is managed by each person's hopes, tastes, and responsibilities, personal love and marriage will also be their own motives and routes. Isn't it something that should be done from beginning to end depending on the result?
I think that love, marriage, etc. are completely common to all human beings in their conception or instinct that has not yet been developed. However, once it is implemented, it can never be concluded that it will be the same cause and effect just because it is love, and this is also love. Knowing that love and marriage are truly unique in content, when faced with various facts of fulfillment and failure, admitting clear understanding and sympathy, as well as unconfused boundaries between self and others. I think that it is the attitude of a healthy cultural member to experience and consider it and find out the way of each person deeply and quietly.
If the attitude shown on the right has reached at least a certain degree of possible development of humankind, what about Japanese society today, surrounding us? Will. As expected, the era of living in love only by instinct and impulse has passed. However, in recent years, the parties have decided to deal with various romance problems that occur at the same time as the collapse of their marriage, which is often passed down to the world, and their criticism is not pointed out. Does it have such a strict absoluteness? If I was allowed to say that, I couldn't help but be anxious by either of them.
Today, I think that social knowledge [# "knowledge" is a side point] is considerably deepened with respect to personality equality, creativity of love, and pureness of marriage. People emphasize the horrifying shame of non-romance marriages. It reveals how much personal deception and falsehood are in the lives of couples without true love. I think that the creation of new love values and the leap of personality, on the other hand, are being screamed everywhere in today's society, along with the rampant sexual curiosity.
However, in fact, what kind of life does the majority of men and women who listen to it and try to be influenced by it live today?
The unmarried person will be left for a while. Many already married often sow today, some years ago, with a predisposition to make those debates loud. Some may have been laid out by a bizarre sense of morality as the opposite sex, almost hateful for the home.
Some people, because of their computational wisdom, ignored their personality and left their destiny to the so-called rich man, and now, due to their violence and ruthlessness, they may have lost all their laughter. Of course, many men must have this kind of consciousness. I can't help but regret that I received my wife for convenience, and therefore, whether or not I have true love. By the way, the norms and ideals that the right and happy love of mankind should be fulfilled, and thus should be celebrated as a true marriage, take the form and content that are the exact opposite of their own facts. It appears one after another.
Regardless of the times, regardless of the surroundings, those who are not united by their love are now probably 100 people, threatened by romance and sexual moral anxiety.
I think we have to think deeply here.
Humans never need an hour to decide their own destiny. Everything depends on the moment. Of course, it will take five or ten years to prepare and accumulate the power to reach it. However, in connection with a fateful moment, determination and decisive action are made there for the first time.
Those who have constant anxiety, impatience, and innovation in their lives will explode at one point. It is an undisputed fact that it takes various different forms depending on the surrounding situation at that time and the implications of social opinion.
Therefore, we must constantly put a clear and transparent eye on that important point.
A woman abandoned the good man who had lived with her for ten years and went to her mistress to live a new life. When faced with such a fact, how deeply did she ponder her destiny, personality, and ability as her own person [# aside from "person"]? How much truth and purity did you have to commit to all the intellectual concepts and social trends that were unknowingly implied and stimulated by the outside world? We must think deeply and fairly about such things.
If the act was completely absolute in motivation and could not be done depending on the person's past career, personality, etc., I would say that it was 100 people. I think it can't be helped even if it's a mediocre or stupid kind of act for a thousand people. It's out of criticism. There is the loneliness and absoluteness of the individual destiny of human beings that corrects the collar.
However, when the surroundings are suffering from the same anxiety in some sense for those cases, which should be exceptions and sad exclusions from a long-term perspective and a big heart. The criticism and rumored attitude is very crazy.
First of all, I was hit by my chest and suddenly lost my composure. Once upon a time, when a well-known female poet performed something like the one on the right, a big newspaper in the city reported all the papers that should be the supreme leader of culture, a romantic sensation that thrilled. I even filled it with. Rather, I cannot help feeling miserable. So much, everyone is upset. The boundary of the person [# "the person" is the emphasis mark], the immanent power that the person [# "the person" is the emphasis mark] must have been born, etc. , Our anxiety and confusion that confused ourselves and others.
People try to build a criticism of absolute value on the basis of that fact. I try to prove and disprove a certain introduction.
People who couldn't have the hopes and beliefs of their own marriage and love life gathered around them. Each person has a notebook, and if the action is criticized as good [# "good" as an emphasis mark], it is said to be good and bad under all kinds of actions in life. Also, in one word, conclude that the same whole is a terrible wrongdoing. The value of every act of life clearly belongs to the individual actor, and although one definition of good "definition" is common in that he and this are also members of mankind, It seems as if it has been forgotten that its operational value is completely different for each individual.
We bring our deep, deep self-consciousness, where we have come, where we are going, to the immortal sense of human survival, and we have our eyes full of our lives [# "My eyes" When you look at it with "emphasis mark", does the world have to be so noisy like dust?
In the extreme, those who sing their ideals, those who are inspired by them to start a new life, or those who stand by, even feel like they are the owners of poor subsidence. Be struck.
Those who strongly and seriously consider the consciousness of life and the contents of humankind feel good about it, and now they can sing the love songs of Somekumatsu and Onatsu Seijuro in the past. It can be said that it is the ultimate. Also, when reflection on a certain sexual life and willingness to innovate gradually develop in a dense and irresistible manner, who quietly and strongly makes it with legitimate human courtesy and power. Claiming would be "evil".
And if we have the power to know ourselves and try to live on the path of life, we feel all responsibility and obligation in our own life, and it will be ruined by light external stimulus and irresponsible agitation. I don't think it's possible to guide or put it on the chart.
Especially sexual life is really delicate. We want to calmly reflect on our own tendency toward that direction as a person, the influence of age, the sphere of influence, etc., and have as much freedom of mind as we can control ourselves. In particular, it is not possible for a woman with poor social life to do things with desperate violence for a certain period of time at a certain moment, in which the result cannot often be recovered by her own power. It feels more than miserable.
[# With ground] [December 1921]



Bottom book: "Miyamoto Yuriko Complete Works Vol. 17" Shinnihon Shuppansha
First edition issued on March 20, 1981 (Showa 56)
Issued the 4th edition on March 20, 1986 (Showa 61)
Parent of the bottom book: "Miyamoto Yuriko Complete Works Vol. 15" Kawade Shobo
Issued in January 1953 (Showa 28)
First appearance: "Fujin Koron"
December 1921 (Taisho 10) issue
Input: Takuji Shibata
Proofreading: Iwayohiko
Created on September 15, 2003
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
