Injured railroad and moon
Mimei Ogawa

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Town << Town >>

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) One | Night << ya >>
-------------------------------------------------- -----

The rails ran from the town to the village, from the village to the plains, and to the mountains between the mountains.
It was just ten miles away from the town. One day, the train was carrying heavy luggage and a lot of human beings on it. Occasionally, a part of the rail was scratched.
The rail couldn't bear the pain. And I was crying. Is there something as unlucky as I am? Every day, every day, every day, every day, no matter how many times, on a heavy locomotive, step on the top of the head. Must be rare. The locomotive "Kikansha" thinks about it without hesitation. Not only that, the more the sun burns its body, the stronger it becomes. Even if I try to enter the sun, I can't move freely. A thick nail is firmly hitting his body against a pillow tree. When I think about it, what will happen to my body? ..., Rail was crying, wondering.
"What happened?", The flower "Hana", which had a light crimson color "Beniiro" that was blooming beside it, fluttered its head "Atama". I asked.
This flower 《Hana》 always soothes me. I was happy to hear that Rail was happy.
"No, the locomotive" Kikansha "had scratches. It's not a big scratch, but I think about the top of my body. I was so sad that I couldn't help but I was crying, "Rail replied.
"Well, was that so ... It's not uncommon for a strong person like you to cry. I" Then, I wonder what happened. By the way, I had a lot of timber, rice, rice, coal, and some kind of box. It was piled up on a freight car, and today it seemed that the passenger car was longer than usual. There was a mountain over there. There is a sea, and there is also a hot spring, so it must have been crowded with people who went there. Even so, your wounds aren't a big deal. Thank you, "said Hana, Shinsetsu.
The rail has a glittering face facing the flower, facing the flower.
"How glad I am, because you, who are kind, will comfort me. You will not bloom in the immediate vicinity. No matter how much time and minute I was, I was lonely ... ", around the day, he was very strong and silent, and he was patient. The rails that I'm doing have become a tearful feeling.
Then, the light red flower "Hana" was said.
"But the life of me is not so long. Because of this heat, the body of me is weak. However, it doesn't rain, "he said.
At this time, the wind shook the flower, grabbing the top of the rail.
The rails are listening to your ears
"The convectional rain is about to come. A thunder is ringing in the distant Enpo. It doesn't fit in your ears. It's far away. However, since I am long and continuous in this way, the sound is transmitted and heard. ."said.
While the flowers were blown by the wind,
"Is that true? If so, how happy I am" was answered.
At this time, the wind blowing flowers was good.
"It's true. Today, it's going to fall, too. A little more, the clouds are pushing closer and closer, and that sun is coming. It hides the light of "Hikari". "
Rail wanted to bathe the hot body in the water quickly and cool it down. In addition, the flower "Hana" wants to heal the thirst that seems to die by sucking water "water" quickly. I was there.
After a while, the black cloud and the gray cloud spider were steadily pushing from there. Then, he gradually conquered the sky that had been lush, and eventually blocked even the light of the sun.
The field, which had been colored red so that it could be burnt, was suddenly cool and dark. At that time, the sound of thunder "Kaminari" from "Jibun" was gradually coming closer to "Oh".
Neither the rails nor the flowers 《Hana》 were looking at the terrifying sky pattern 《Moyo》 without making a voice 《voice》. It was finally raining. The rain spilled onto the flowers. Also, it fell on the rail. Then, while cooling the heat of the rail's body and washing the scars, he said, "Well, sorry ..." The rain "Ame" was good.
The rail was squeezed with tears and headed for the rain, and today it was scratched by a ruthless locomotive, the sun. "Taiyo" talks about things such as "everyday", every day "everyday", and "lighting" from the head without "yousha". talked. Then the rain "Ame" said:
"That's the poison of your destiny. I've slaughtered your hot body. I'm about to leave. You have to do it. After that, the moon will surely come out. The moon will have a completely different temper from the sun. And, even if the power to control the fate of all things "Banbutsu" is not like the sun now, it seems that the old days were great. Talk about that to the moon. The moon will never be evil if you sue. I don't think it's a good idea ... ", said Ame, who was quiet and sick.
Soon after, the clouds had left, and the rain that had fallen had cleared up. After that, I saw the refreshing evening sky "Yuzora" as clear as the praise of "Ao" and "Water".
The moon that illuminates the plains that night is clearer than the moon that you always see, and the light of that light. We had the brilliance of mercy. The gentle flower, Hana, drowns in the rain, and falls asleep early, and from around its leaves, the insect, Mushi. The crying voice was flowing.
The rain that had left was whispered to the moon, or when the moon lit up this plain, the rails first. The figure was projected on the top. Rail announced that there was a locomotive that had scratched himself today, heading for the moon. ..
"What kind of locomotive may be, but it is a ruthless locomotive that has a face that does not do such a thing. I" I " However, I'm going to use my unconsciousness as a reminder, so if you have a sensation, ask me, "said Tsuki.
The rail was taught the number of the locomotive "Kikansha".
The moon is immediately from the town to the village, from the village to the mountain, and so on, as long as the power is exerted, the rail is announced. I was walking in search of a rail locomotive. Just at that time, there was a train running on the railway bridge over the railway bridge. I wondered if the moon was the locomotive, but the number was different.
The moon 《Tsuki》 went around looking for the shore 《Kaigan》 and the field 《Nohara》. And I confirmed that trains were running everywhere. There were only freight cars, and there were also freight cars mixed with passenger cars. At the beach, there was also a human who was swimming in the sea. They said, "It's really a good moonlit night." They fell asleep on the sandy beach, and in the dark waves. I was swimming. From the window of the passenger car "Mado", people "people" came out of their heads "Atama" and looked at the scenery of the sea "Umi" while laughing "Straw" I was talking and talking.
However, the locomotive "Kikansha" of this train "Kisha" was not the number "Bango" asked by the moon "Tsuki". In this way, many trains were running on the ground at almost the same time, but the train with rails was running. , I was in the tunnel, but I couldn't catch the eyes of the moon.
By sending a cool one | night, Rail has forgotten the pain of yesterday, but he promised. The next day, the moon that did "Tsuki" went around searching for the locomotive "Kikansha" that had scratches on the rails on the night of "Frequently". Then, at a certain stop, on the premises of Teishaba, from here, the number I heard from the rail in the distant plains of Heigen. The locomotive "Kikansha" of "Bango" was resting still.
The moon "Tsuki" immediately reached the top of the locomotive "Kikansha". And, as usual, with a quiet tone,
He asked, "Why are you so sunk and still?"
The locomotive "Kikansha" opened his mouth for the first time when he was approached by the moon "Tsuki".
"No matter how exhausted I am, I run every day, every day, every day, and on the distant road. And yesterday, I was forced to put on an unprecedented heavy load, so I hurt one wheel. . I was in that heavy baggage and in the passenger compartment, and I was careless about that, laughing, and laughing. The human being who was talking about it had no choice but to hate it ... "
"In that case, did you also stir-fry your body?" Asked the moon.
"That's right. Somewhere, I rubbed against the rail and scratched one wheel," said the locomotive Kikansha.
When I heard about the moon, I couldn't say who was evil. And he couldn't even scold the locomotive for scratching the rails.
"How far did you put that baggage on?" Asked the moon.
"It wasn't just one place. The big box" Hako "was attached to the port" Minato "station" Eki ", and coal" Sekita "and wood. "Mokuzai" was dropped off in another town, "said Kikansha.
"Please, take care of me ...", and the moon "Tsuki" went to the port "Minato". Then, the steamer "Kisen" was about to put out smoke. The ship had a number of large boxes on it. The moon came to the top of the boat and illuminated the box.
"Where are you going from now on?" Asked Tsuki. The box was silent, and was sunk in thought.
"I don't know where we can go. After leaving our hometown, we'll be on the train for a long time. And now, when I see it drifting above this spacious sea, it makes me feel lonely. The box "Hako" answered.
The moon was there, and I wondered who was wrong. So, this time, I was thinking of seeing what a human being looks like and getting rid of it. Then, I went down to the town and looked around, but it seemed that it was too late, and everyone had their windows closed. There was a glass door in the window of the 1st | eaves "and the 2nd | floor", so I took a peek at the moon. Then, there, a pretty red ward, just awakened his eyes, saw the moon, was happy, and laughed, laughing. It is.



Bottom book: "Complete collection of Mimei Ogawa fairy tales 4" Kodansha
February 10, 1977 (Showa 52) 1st printing
1977 (Showa 52) C 2nd printing
First appearance: "Red Bird"
October 1925 (Taisho 14)
* The title is "Injured railroad track" Senro "and Moon" Tsuki "" in the original text.
Input: Harukaze, a specified non-profit organization
Proofreading: Hiromi Tateno
Created on September 24, 2017
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
