Mysterious island
Ryunosuke Akutagawa

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Rattan chaise longue "Nagaisu"

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) One newspaper |

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) [# Raise one character from the ground] (December 1918)
-------------------------------------------------- -----

I was lying vaguely on a wicker chaise longue. Looking at the place where the balustrade "Rankan" is in front of me, it seems to be the deck of the ship "Kanpan". Beyond the balustrade, there is a flying fish or something flashing in the gray waves. But, strangely, I don't remember what I got on the boat for. Whether there is a tie or one person, the neighborhood is also ambiguous.
Speaking of ambiguity, it is extremely ambiguous, probably because of the haze over the waves. I lay down on the chaise longue and wanted to see what was behind the daze and smoke. Then, the shadow of the island to see emerged, as if the psychokinesis was understood. It is the shadow of an island near a cone, with a troupe of mountains in the center. However, I can't see anything clearly except for the general outline. I had tasted it before, so I wanted to see it again. But the shadow of the thin island is still faint. It seems that psychokinesis was also invalid this time.
At this time, I immediately heard someone laugh at the "Migidonari" on the right.
"Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
The person sitting in the rattan chair on the right is an old man who seems to be an Englishman. Although the face has many wrinkles, it is good to say that it is a good boy. However, clothing is fashionable in the eighteenth century as seen in Hoogas's paintings. It's probably called a Cocked hat. He wears a hat with silver edges, a vest with embroidery, and trousers with only knees. What's more, it's not natural hair that hangs down on your shoulders. It is a wig of hemp-colored "Asairo" sprinkled with some strange powder "Kona". I was taken aback and forgot to reply.
"Use my telescope. If you look into it, you can see it clearly."
The old man handed an old telescope into my hand with a bad laughing face. It's a telescope that seems to have been lined up in a museum someday.
"Oh, thank you."
I instinctively used the English word 《British》. However, the old man continued to speak Japanese skillfully, pointing to the shadow of the island indifferently. Reyes sticks out like bubbles at the tip of the sleeve that I pointed to.
"That island is called Sassan Wrap. Is it spelled? The spelling is SUSSANRAP. At first glance, it's an island worth" Iken ". This ship will also be anchored on the 56th, so be sure to check it out. Go out. There are universities and cathedrals. Especially the day when the city stands is spectacular. After all, countless people gather from the islands in the coastal waters .... "
I looked into the telescope while the old man was talking. What is reflected on the mirror surface is probably the city on the coast of this island. You can see the neat houses lined up. You can see the wind on the tree-lined treetops Kozue. You can see the tower of the Garan tower. There is no haze at all. Everything is clearly visible. I was very impressed and moved the telescope over the city. At the same time, my mouth was about to let out a rushing voice.
On the mirror surface, a mountain similar to Fuji stands in the sky where no clouds can be seen. It's nothing strange. However, as far as I look up, the mountain is covered with vegetables. Tamana, red eggplant, red onion, green onion, radish, radish, radish, carrot, burdock, burdock, winter melon Wax gourd, burdock, burdock, radish, lotus root, radish, carrot, ginger, trefoil-covered by all kinds of vegetables. Is it covered? Covered-not so. This is a stack of vegetables. An amazing vegetable pyramid.
"That-what happened to that?"
I looked back at the old man on the right while holding the telescope. But the old man isn't there anymore. However, there is a newspaper on the wicker chaise lounge. I think I had brain anemia or something in the unexpected time signature. One day I sank into a strangely stuffy unconscious.

× × × ×

"How is it, did you finish the tour?"
The old man sat down to my side with a creepy smile.
This would be a hotel salon. A strangely large Western room with secession furniture. However, the figure "Charmander" cannot be seen anywhere. It seems that no one comes out because of the habit of climbing up and down the lift that can be seen all the way back. It seems to be a hotel that doesn't do well.
I have a fine Havana in the chaise lounge in the corner of this salon. It must be a potted pumpkin that hangs a vine on its head. You can also see the yellow flowers opening behind the large leaf pot.
"Yes, I took a quick look.-How about a cigar?"
However, the old man shook his head a little like a child and put out an old-fashioned ivory snuff case. This is also as I saw it lined up in a museum somewhere. Of course, there is no such old man in Japan, of course, and in the West now. If I introduced it to Haruo Sato, it would be prized. I talked to the old man.
"When you go out to the bottom of the town, it's a vegetable field as far as you can see."
"Most of the inhabitants of Sassan Wrap Island grow vegetables. Both men and women grow vegetables."
"Is there so much demand?"
"It sells to the islands in the sea, but of course it's not unsold. The unsold is unavoidably piled up. You can see it from the top of the ship, roughly 20,000 | Is it up? "
"Is that all unsold? That vegetable pyramid?"
I had no choice but to look at the old man's face and flutter his eyes. However, the old man smiles in a funny way.
"Yes, everyone was unsold, and in just three years it would be that bulky. If you were to collect the ancient unsold, the Pacific Ocean would be buried in vegetables. But the inhabitants of Sassan Wrap are still growing vegetables, day and night. Hahahaha, while we're talking, we're also working hard. Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
The old man laughed painfully and gave out a handkerchief with the smell of Marika. This is not just a laugh. It is similar to the laughter of a devil who ridicules human foolishness. I frowned and decided to bring up a new topic.
I said, "When will the city" Ichi "stand?"
Old man "Every month I always stand at the beginning of the month. But it's a normal city. The extraordinary big city" Oichi "stands three times a year-January, April and September, especially one. The month is the city of writing. "
I said, "Then it ’s a big fuss in front of the big city?"
The old man "It's a fuss. Everyone grows vegetables in the big city so that they can fit in the room. Do the phosphoric acid fertilizer" Rinsan Hiryo ", do the oil slag", go to the greenhouse. Putting it in, passing it through electric current, I can't really talk about it. Some of them are rushing to grow as soon as possible, and some of them die the vegetables they cherish. "
I said, "Oh, by the way, one man who was thin today in the vegetable field, with a mad face, said," I can't make it in time, I can't make it in time. " "
Old man "That seems to be the case. The New Year's big city is also straightforward.-Everyone in the town will have a bloody eye."
I said, "What is a merchant in town?"
The old man "is a merchant who buys and sells vegetables. The merchant buys vegetables from the vegetable fields raised by men and women in the countryside, and men and women from the islands of the coastal waters buy the vegetables of the merchant again, and so on. It has become. "
I said, "I see, that merchant, this is a man who was fertile, holding a black bag and saying," I'm in trouble, I'm in trouble. " What kind of vegetables do you sell? "
Old man "That's the will of God. It's not something to say. It seems that it's a little different year by year, and I don't seem to understand the different reason."
I said, "But if it ’s good, will it sell?"
Old man "Come on, how about that? The good and evil of vegetables is supposed to be decided by one wheel, but ..."
I said, "Why do you decide on one wheel again?"
The old man "One wheel will not go out to the vegetable field. Therefore, we cannot grow vegetables again, so the eyes that see the good and evil of vegetables transcend the difference between ourselves and others, and we can take a fair attitude. ――In other words, if you use the Japanese proverb, it becomes Okame Hachimoku, isn't it? "
I said, "Oh, that's one of those wheels. There was one blind person with a beard, and while stroking the muddy eight heads," na "," The color of this vegetable is indescribable. It seems that the color of the rose flower and the color of the sky are united. "
The old man "That's right. Blindness is of course | fine", but the most ideal is the best one-wheeled "Katawa". Blind, ears It's a single wheel with no nose, no limbs, no teeth or tongue. If such a single wheel appears, it will become a generation of Arbiter elegantiarum. Most of the popular one wheels nowadays. I have the qualification of "I have", but I'm just listening to my nose. During this time, I heard that I put rubber melted in the hole of my nose, but after all it smells a little. It seems to be done. "
I said, "By the way, what will happen to the good and bad of the one-wheeled vegetables?"
Old man "It can't be helped. No matter how bad it is for one wheel, the vegetables that sell will sell well."
I said, "Then it depends on the taste of the merchant?"
Old man "Merchants will buy only vegetables that are expected to sell. Then, whether good vegetables can be sold ..."
I said, "Please wait. Then you must first doubt the good and evil of one wheel."
The old man: "That's usually suspicious of those who grow vegetables. Then, when you ask them about the good and bad of vegetables, it's still unclear. For example, according to one of them," Good and evil is nourishing. " The presence or absence of "yo" is said to be "umu", but according to other people, "good and evil is nothing but taste". That alone is still easy ... "
I said, "Well, is it more complicated?"
The old man "The taste and nourishment can be understood again. For example, the lack of vitamins is nourishment, the fat is nourishment, and the taste of carrots is useless. Or, it's limited to the taste of radish ... "
I said, "Then there are two standards, nourishment and taste, and there are various variations in those two standards.
Old man "It's not quite like that. For example, there are still things like this. Some people say that there is a standard on color. It's a cold temperature on color, which is said to be an introduction to aesthetics. They will give you anything that is warm, like red or yellow, but you won't even see vegetables that are blue, green, or cold. After all, their motto says, "Give me some vegetables. All of them should be red eggplants. If not, give us death. "
I said, "I see, one of the great masters of one shirt, Goketsu, gave such a speech before he piled up his own vegetables."
Old man "Oh, that's right. The warm-colored vegetables are called proletarian vegetables."
I said, "But the only vegetables I had piled up were cucumbers and oriental melons, but ..."
Old man "It must be colorblind. I'm the only one who intends to be red."
I "How about cold-colored vegetables?"
Old man "There are people who say that this is not a vegetable unless it is a cold-colored vegetable. However, although they sneer, they do not seem to give a speech, but they are not inferior to Hara. He seems to hate warm-colored vegetables. "
I said, "In other words, is it cowardly?"
The old man, "What, I can't give a speech more than I don't want to give a speech. It seems that my tongue is rotten because of syphilis or syphilis. Right. "
I said, "Oh, that's right. One talented child wearing thin trousers over a shirt, was rushing to pick up a pumpkin and said,'Hey, a speech?'"
Old man "I think it's still a blue pumpkin. That cold color is called a bourgeois vegetable."
I said, "What will happen after all? According to the people who make vegetables ..."
Old man "According to those who make vegetables, everything that resembles your own vegetables is good, but everything that doesn't resemble your own vegetables is bad. That's all for sure."
I said, "But there is also a university? The professor at the university is giving a lecture on vegetable science, so I don't think it's anything to tell right from wrong with vegetables, but ..."
Old man "However, when it comes to vegetables on Sassan Wrap Island, university professors cannot distinguish between peas and broad beans. However, only vegetables from a century ago are also included in the lecture. Yes, though. "
I said, "Where do you know about vegetables?"
Old man "Eijiri" England "vegetables, French orchid west" France "vegetables, German" Germany "vegetables, Itari" Italy "vegetables, Russia Asia" Russia "vegetables, most popular among students" Ninki " It seems that there is a lecture on vegetable science in Russia. Please come and see the university. When I visited last time, one professor who wore nose glasses was soaked in Arcool in a bottle. While showing the old Russian vegetables, "Look at the vegetables on Sassan Wrap Island. They are all blue. But the great vegetables of Russia are not such a shallow color. As you can see, in life itself. It has a similar, capture-free color. Oh, the great Russian vegetable melon ... ", waving the valve of the Kengagawa. I was so impressed at that time that I stayed on the floor for about two weeks. "
I said, "Then, isn't it better to think that whether vegetables sell or not, as you say, depends on God's will?"
Old man "Well, there is nothing else. In fact, most of the inhabitants of this island believe in Bubblab Beeda."
I said, "What is that bubbling?"
Old man "I'm Bubblab Beeda. I spell it as BABRABBADA. Haven't you seen it yet? It's in that cathedral ..."
I said, "Oh, is that a pig-headed, big lizard idol?"
The old man, "That is not a lizard. It is a chameleon that presides over the heavens and the earth. Today, there must have been a lot of rituals in front of that idol. Those guys are chanting the words of prayer for selling vegetables. After all, according to recent newspapers, all the department stores around the lizard are under the chameleon's oracle. After waiting for it to come down, it seems that it will take time to prepare for the newspaper. The world's faith is neither Jehovah nor Araa. It is said that he returned to Chameleon. is."
I said, "A lot of vegetables were piled up in front of the altar of that cathedral, but ..."
Old man "That's all sacrifice. The chameleons on Sassan Wrap Island will sacrifice the vegetables sold last year."
I "but still in Japan ..."
Old man "Oh, I'm calling someone."
I listened carefully. It seems that he is calling me. Moreover, around this time, the voice of my nephew, who had a stuffy nose due to empyema. I reluctantly stood up and reached for the old man.
"Excuse me today."
"That's right. Then come and talk again. I'm like this."
The old man shook hands with me and then quietly issued a business card. In the middle of the business card, there is a fresh "Azaya" printed with Lemuel Gulliver! I involuntarily stared at the old man's face with his mouth open. Surrounded by hemp-colored hair, the face of an old man with the right eyes and nose has an eternal sneer-I thought for only a moment. The face has changed to the face of a 15-year-old nephew who seems to be a mischief.
"It's a manuscript. Get up. You came to pick up the manuscript."
My nephew shook me. It seems that I took a nap for about 30 minutes while hitting the Kotatsu. On top of the kotatsu is the Gulliver's Travels I read.
"Come to pick up the manuscript? Where is the manuscript?"
"I'm writing an essay."
"Essay?"
I said the soliloquy "one by one" without knowing me.
"It seems that" chickweed "kind of" chickweed "can also be sold at the vegetable market" Yasaiichi "on Sassan Wrap Island."
[# Raise one letter from the ground] (December 1918)



Bottom book: "Complete Works of Ryunosuke Akutagawa 5" Chikuma Bunko, Chikuma Shobo
Issued the first print on February 24, 1987 (Showa 62)
Issued the 6th edition on April 10, 1995 (Heisei 7)
Parent of the bottom book: "Complete Works of Chikuma Shuban Ryunosuke Akutagawa Complete Works" Chikuma Shobo
March 1971 (Showa 46) to November 1971 (Showa 46)
Input: j.utiyama
Calibration: Kaori Kato
Published January 10, 1999
Revised March 7, 2004
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
