Two short stories
Translated by Yuriko Miyamoto

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Certainly

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Ten | Piece << Penny >>

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Numbers are JIS X 0213 area area number, or original page and number of lines)
(Example) * [# "Snoring + Snoring", Level 4 2-94-73]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

[# 7 indentation] Whistleblower and Puka [# "Fuebuki and Puka" is the middle heading]

A long time ago, there was a half-idiot in a place called Danmoor in Galway. He was very fond of music, but could only remember one verse. One of the verses was called "Kurobo's Naughty Boy".
The villagers liked to play with him, so the half-idiot often got a lot of money from everyone. One night, this half-idiot Pied Piper was about to return to his house from the house where Butoh was. He was a little drunk. And when he reached the small bridge on the way to his mother's house, he whistled and began to blow "Kurobo's Naughty Boy". Then, a monster called Puka came after him and suddenly carried him on his back and put it away. Puka had long horns on her head. The surprised whistle blower grabbed the corner and said to Puka.
"Beast guy! Don't disappear! Bring me home. I have ten ｜ pieces of money to give to Amo in my pocket. Amo is * [#" Snoring + Snoring ", Level 4 2-94-73]" Key "I want a cigarette."
"I don't care about Amo-san," Puka replied.
"But be sure to grab it. If you fall, your neck bones and your precious whistle will break and you'll end up."
And to say it again
"I'm Shan * [# Katakana Wa with dakuten, 1-7-82] N, let me blow Vokto."
Whistle blowing
"I don't know that"
I said.
"It doesn't matter if you know it or not. Blow it. I'll tell you."
Therefore, the flute blower put the wind in the flute bag and played a wonderful music that surprised him.
"Now you are a great music teacher."
The whistle blower told Puka.
"But where on earth are you going to carry me on your back?"
"Tonight there is a big banquet at Banshee's house at the top of Mount Patrick. I'm going to take you there to play music. Rest assured, I'm sure you'll be grateful."
"Hoho! Then you will help me not to travel alone."
The whistle blower said happily.
"Well, I stole a white goose from my father's place at the previous festival, and he said he went to Patrick Mountain for punishment."
Puka ran over the hills, swamps, and wastelands with a half-idiot whistle on his back, and took him to the top of Patrick Mountain. Upon reaching the summit, Puka stomped on the ground three times with his feet. Then a big door opened on the ground, and when they passed through it, they entered one beautiful room.
Looking at it, there is a big golden table "table" in the middle of the room, and hundreds of grandmothers are sitting around it. When Puka and the whistle blower enter, the grandmothers stand up.
"This is Puka-san in November, who came here so often. Who brought you?"
I asked.
Puka replied.
"It ’s the best whistle blower in Ireland."
When one of the grandmothers stomped on the floor, a door opened on the wall. What do you think came out of it? Nothing else, the male white goose that the whistleblower stole from the church father William appeared.
The whistle blower shouted.
"Oh, I and Amo-san ate the white goose completely, but I left only the left wing and went to the red-haired Mary. He told my father. Said that he stole the white goose. "
White goose put away the table and took it out of the room. By the way, Puka ordered a whistle blower.
"Play music to the comfort of these people."
The whistle blown as it is said. The old grandmothers started dancing with the sound and danced until they were exhausted. When the dance was over, Puka asked to thank the whistleblower. The grandmothers gave each piece of gold to the whistle blower. His joy is great.
"Thanks to Patrick, I'm as rich as the King's son."
"Come on, come with me."
Puka ordered whistle blowing.
"I'll take you home ..."
The two went out with them. And when the whistle blower was about to do the piggyback as it was when he came to Puka's back, the male white goose just came over there. And he gave him a new pair of flutes.
Puka soon arrived at Danmoor with a half-stupid whistle blower on his shoulder. Then, I dropped on the small bridge that I met at the beginning of the whistle blowing,
"Two things you didn't have before-given a conscience and music that you shouldn't do bad things."
I told you to go home.
He went straight to the house and knocked on the door of Mr. Amo's house.
"Put it in. I'm as rich as a king. I'm the best whistle blower in Ireland."
Amo answered from the inside.
"You are drunk."
"On the contrary! I don't drink even a single drop."
Amo put him in the house. He gives his mother the gold he has received
"Wait, wait until I listen to the music I play."
I wished.
The whistle blown over the whistle and began to blow, but instead of the music echoing, there was a loud noise from the whistle, as if male and female geese from all over Ireland were screaming at once. Neighbors got up in this terrible turmoil.
And, with the whistle that the whistle blower had from the beginning, I made fun of him, who was a half-idiot, until he played the beautiful music of Mawashi. After two kinds of music, Whistleblower told everyone what he had encountered that night.
It was the next morning. His Amo went to the place where he left behind to review the golden piece he received from Mount Patrick last night. What happened to you? There was nothing in the place where the gold was, only the leaves of the tree were left.
The whistleblower went to the church father's place and talked about the details from last night, but the church father couldn't really do what he said. The whistle blower took out the whistle and blew it. From the whistle, the crowing of male and female geese began to squeak.
The church father
"Get out. Go home. The evil guy!"
Yelled. However, the whistle did not speak, and the original whistle was blown out with a good sound, and the church father knew that everything he said was true.
From that time until his death, there was no other whistle blower on Galway as good as he.

[# 7 indentation] The magic of Gerald Taishou [# "Magic of Gerald Taishou" is the middle heading]

A long time ago in Ireland, there was a great man in the FitzGerald family. His name was Gerald, but the Irish people at that time, who liked all the people in the house, called him the Gerald Taishou. He had a large castle in Muriimast, and it was he who defended the country whenever the British government tried to bully Ireland. He was a great general in battle, a good martial artist, and very magical. And he was able to transform himself into whatever he liked.
His wife knew this and often asked a good man to join the rare secret, but he never allowed it.
Mrs. Gerald wanted to see where the special Duke of Gerald was in the form of something different. However, Gerald Taishou manages to leave her at that time. Since a woman is a good stick, I hope she can't do it many times, so Taishou was surprised if she was a little surprised while he was different from the human form. He told me that if he was afraid, he would not be able to return to the original human body for hundreds of years. If you're surprised or scared by her, she's worthy of the great wife of the great Gerald Taishou, please let me come up with it. Taishou must know how brave she is.
There, on a beautiful summer evening, when they were in a magnificent guest room, Gerald Taishou turned away from her and praised something. In a blink of an eye, he disappeared cleanly, and a cute golden winged sparrow "Mahiwa" was flying around in the room.
The wife, who thought she was calm enough, was a little surprised at this. However, he quickly controlled his mind. It's a grace when Gerald Taishou's golden sparrow flies, stops on his shoulder, flaps his wings and sings in a good voice that he has never heard anywhere.
He flew around the room and played hide-and-seek with his wife. When I thought I had flown away to the garden, I came back again, and when I thought that I had rested my feathers as if I slept on my wife's lap, I quickly flew around.
After playing in this way until the two were satisfied, he flew away again. But, on the other hand, it's quick to go home this time! He jumped into his wife like an arrow. Then, a terrifying hawk comes in shortly afterwards. The wife forgot herself and shouted out. This surprise was useless when I thought about it later. The hawk jumped into the room with such a terrible force that he hit the body against Takuko and died as it was.
Mrs. Ms. moved her eyes from the dead hawk to the place where the golden sparrow had been. But sadly she could never see Gerald Taishou or see the golden sparrow again.
Then, once every seven years, the prince who rides on a war horse rides around the mountain called the leather ship of Kirdea. When the Taishou disappeared, the horseshoe's silver horseshoes were half an inch thick. If this silver horseshoe is worn down to the thickness of a cat's ear, Gerald Taishou will be able to return to the living human world again, wage a great war with the British, and believe that he will be the king of Ireland for 40 years. Has been done.
Gerald Taishou and his warriors are now sleeping in a long cave under the castle of Murii Mast. There is one table in the middle along the cave. Taishou sits on the top of the table, and the warriors are sleeping with their heads on the table with their arms fully armed on both sides. Standing in the horse room on both sides of. When the promised day comes, the son of a water mill, who should be born with six fingers in each hand, will blow his trumpet. Then the horse steps on, and the brave knights awaken and straddle the horse toward the army.
Once every seven years, one night when Taishou was riding around the leather ship mountain, it may be said that those who happened to pass by could see the entrance to the cave. About 100 years ago, one of the heroes, who was late at night and was in a good mood, found a lit cave and went inside to see it. The lights, the quietness of the four sides, and the appearance of the armed warriors were enough to scare the profession. He got sick after getting drunk. However, his hands trembled so badly that he dropped his harness on the stone floor and put it away. When the sound of the horse bite echoed in the long cave, one of the warriors right next to the dealer lifted his head a little and asked with a thick hoarse voice.
"Is it time to come?"
The dealer was upset and answered.
"No, not yet. It will be soon."
The head of the warrior wearing a heavy helmet sank to Takuko again.
Hakuro finally left the cave. I have never heard of someone else encountering the same thing. (From "Irish Fairy Tales" edited by Yates) [# Raise one letter from the ground] [April 1924]



Bottom book: "Miyamoto Yuriko Complete Works Volume 30" Shinnihon Shuppansha
First edition issued on March 20, 1986 (Showa 61)
First appearance: "Weekly Asahi"
April 20, 1924 (Taisho 13) issue
* According to "Fairy and Folk Tales of the Irish Peasantry", Edited and Selected by WB Yeats (http://www.sacred-texts.com/neu/yeats/fip/index.htm) ("The Piper and the Puca") is authored by Douglas Hyde, and "The Enchantment of Gearoidh Iarla" is authored by Patrick Kennedy.
Input: Takuji Shibata
Proofreading: Takashi Tsuchiya
Created August 14, 2007
Revised November 6, 2010
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
