Winter fireworks
――― Three-act
Osamu Dazai

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Good 《Kamite》

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Three years have passed.

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) [# Indent 3 characters from here]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

[# Indent 3 characters from here]
Person.

Kazue, 29 years old
Mutsuko "Mutsuko", daughter of several branches, 6 years old.
Denbey, the father of several branches, 54 years old.
Asa, the second wife of Denbei, the stepmother of several branches, 45 years old.
Kiyozo Kanaya << Kanaya Seizo >> Villager, 34 years old.
Others Eiichi (Denbei and Asako, not returned)
Tetsuro Shimada (Mutsuko's father, not returned)
Neither appeared.

Place.
A village in the Tsugaru region.

 Time.
From the end of January 1945 to February.
[# End of indentation here]
[#New Page]

Act 1

[# Indent two characters from here]
The stage is the living room of Denbei's house. The furnishings of the landowner's house, which seems to be a little Uchifuku. You can see the stairs leading to the second floor in the back. Good "Kamite" is the kitchen, and bad "Mote" is the feeling of the entrance.
At the beginning of the curtain, Denbei and Kaede are on the stove of "Katasumi" in the corner of the room.

The two are silent. The wall clock hits three o'clock. Awkward atmosphere.
Suddenly, a few branches make a strange laugh.
Denbei looks up at several branches.
A few branches, without saying anything, stop laughing, take out the firewood from the wooden box beside the stove, and put it on a few stoves.
[# End of indentation here]

[# With line break from here, wrap and indent by 2 characters]
(Several branches) I say I lost, I lost (looking at the nails of both hands, like each one), but I don't think so. I'm sorry. It has been extinct. Occupied from corner to corner of Japan, we are all prisoners of war, but without feeling embarrassed, if the people in the countryside are stupid Hey, I wonder if I think that my life will continue forever, as usual, while saying bad things about other people, I wake up and eat, and when I see a person, I'm a thief. I wonder what I'm living for (again, laughing low and weirdly). It's really strange.
(Denbei) (Smoking) Well, it doesn't matter, but is it true that you are the owner or the hero?
(Several branches) (I'm in a bad mood) It's not good, that kind of thing. I'm glad I didn't say anything.
(Denbei) Even if you didn't say it, it came into my ears out of nowhere.
(Several branches) I know that it wasn't too much. Is it a mother?
(Denbei) (Slightly upset "Roubai") No.
(Several branches) (quietly and quickly) Yes, that's what it is. I wonder why my mom also knew it. Stupid mom.
[# End of indentation here]

[# Indent two characters from here]
while.
[# End of indentation here]

[# With line break from here, wrap and indent by 2 characters]
(Denbei) I heard from Asa. However, Asa never did anything ...
(Several branches) (Don't deal with it, suddenly change your attitude) Where did your mother go?
(Denbei) You said you had to go buy cod.
(Several branches) Put on Mutsuko?
(Denbei) That's right.
(Several branches) It must be heavy. That kid is very heavy. I'm obsessed with my grandmother, and I'm clinging to her.
(Denbei) It looks a lot like when you were small. Asa wants her (with a new look and strong tone).
(Several branches) (Face away) Stupid.
(Denbei) No, I'm saying it seriously. Well, listen. Asa ga Kita talked to me seriously (with a faint bitter smile) last night. Eiichi has already given up. It's been three years since the news from the battlefield disappeared. I only know that the unit went to protect somehow a small island to the south, but I'm not sure if Eiichi is safe now. Asa says she gave up. You came back from Tokyo with Mutsuko in just the right way. However, it seems that you already have a secret man. I will go to Tokyo again soon. Well, listen silently. It's yours. You can do whatever you want. However, can Mutsuko leave it?
(Several branches) Did you really say (with a strange laugh again)? Mother is doing something stupid like that. Didn't you get sick? It's ridiculous.
(Denbei) It may have been a mess. I thought it was a ridiculous story. However, that seems to be seriously thinking about such a thing. Even if you pull it up to the place where you are now, the owner or the color man, if Mutsuko is attached, something uninteresting may happen with that man after this. You are still young, so you can have as many children as you want. Anyway, Mutsuko wants you to leave it in this house, but I think it's a good idea after thinking a lot. It seems that he thinks it is the best for you.
(Several branches) It's extra care.
(Denbei) That's right. It must be extra care. But, like you, just make a fool of Asa ...
(Several branches) (Don't ask everyone) That's not the case. Hey, dad. You say you're a parent rather than a creator, right? My birth mother died when I was much smaller than my current Mutsuko, and I've been raised by my current mother ever since. Later, from a person, that was your stepmother. And I was fine when I was told that I was hungry with my brother Eiichi. My stepmother must be my mother, and even if I'm hungry, Eiichi is still a younger brother who is close to me, and I didn't care about that at all. However, after I started going to girls' school, I started to feel lonely from time to time. Because my mom is too good. There are no drawbacks. No matter what selfishness I say or what I shouldn't do, my mother never scolds me, and she always laughs and loves me as a cat. I don't have such a kind mother. It's too kind, it's too good. One day, when I peeled off my big toe nails, my mother turned her face into a deep blue and put a bandage on my toes, and I cried and cried. I thought it was odious. Also, one day, I'm a mom, and my mom, but in reality, Eiichi is more cute than I am? When I asked, well, I didn't answer well, my mom said to me at that time. Sometimes, because. It's so honest, and it's kind, and it makes me feel like I'm living. Only Eiichi tells me terribly difficult errands and doesn't let me wipe and clean. That's why I was stubborn and thought about doing selfishness. I was motivated to do everything I couldn't do by doing everything I could. But I don't hate my mom. I love you. I liked it, I liked it, and I wanted to choreograph a warrior. It seems that even my mother was cute from the core of me. It's so cute that I always put on a beautiful kimono and didn't want to do any water work. I know that. The truth is, my mom and I were like homosexuals (suddenly laughing strangely). That's why I didn't have the specifications because I wanted to be nasty, uncomfortable, and somehow lonely, to do bad things with all my might, and to have a big quarrel with my mother.
(Denbei) (Frowning) I've been thirty, and I'm still saying such stupid things. Let's talk a little decently.
(Several branches) (plainly) Dad is insensitive, so I don't know anything. I think a person like a father is a good person. It's as if I'm insensitive. (Change the tone) But my mom used to be beautiful. I've lived in Tokyo for about 10 years and have seen various actresses and daughters, but I've never seen a person as beautiful as my mother. I used to be thrilled to think how happy and embarrassed I was when I took a bath with my mother.
(Denbei) Don't talk about such a silly thing in front of me. So what about? Do you want to leave Mutsuko?
(Several branches) (with a stupid face) Well, even my dad was so stupid ...
(Denbei) But is there a man?
(Several branches) (Frowning, looking down) Is there any other way to listen?
(Denbei) Isn't it the same no matter how you listen? You too, however, did something stupid (in a state of suppressing the anger that came up). Don't you think so?
(Several branches) (Raise your face, watch your father's face calmly, and silently)
(Denbei) I hadn't had any specifications since I was little, but I didn't think he was such a stupid guy. For you, Asa doesn't know how hard it has been. When you graduated from Hirosaki's girls' school and told you to go to a vocational school in Tokyo, I was against it, and I felt sick and fell asleep, but Asa is my I was sitting at the bedside where I was sleeping, and I cried asking me to go to the school where I wanted to go to a few branches because it was only for my lifetime. did. You go to Tokyo with a face that seems to be natural, and you never come back. I don't know if it's a novelist or a teacher, but I stuck with that Shimada and quit school without permission, and from that point on I gave up as if you were dead. However, it seems that Asa didn't say a word about you, but hid it from me and kept secretly sending that lie to you. Asa was sending you money even if you sold your kimono. Shortly after Mutsuko was born, Shimada went on the road, and even though you said that you could live alone by doing something like dressmaking, you didn't even go to Shimada's parents, no, even if you decided to go, Shimada It seems that he was a very unfaithful person, so he couldn't get along well with his parents, and it seems that he couldn't get his wife's child to take part in his parents. I was wondering, but not so. I didn't want to see your face again, so I was pretending not to know it, but Asa repeatedly wrote to you to stay here while Shimada was away. However, you were terribly intimidated and responded that the dressmaking work was so busy that you couldn't go to the countryside. After hearing the rumor, Asa made parcels and sent food to you almost every day. It seems that you took it for granted and didn't even send a thank-you note, but you don't know how hard it was to send it. I always sent it by train so that I could arrive as soon as possible, and for that reason I always walked to Namioka station. There is a ri from here to Namioka station. I also walked in the winter snowstorm "Fubuki". Sometimes I got up in the dark and went to the station in time for the first train at 6 o'clock. From the time I woke up in the morning until I slept at night, I was thinking about you all. No one is as good as you. I said that I had suffered a disaster in Tokyo, and without any warning, I came to this house with a grin, and I wasn't too embarrassed. I didn't want to hear it, but you're not my daughter now, and because you're the wife of an expeditionary soldier named Shimada, you can't just kick him out, well, red. I decided to silently leave you in this house with the intention of asking for the victims of others. Don't go up. I have no obligation to take care of you, and you shouldn't have the right to be selfish in this house.
(Several branches) (down, but clearly) Shimada seems dead.
(Denbei) That may be true. However, the remains have not come yet. Funeral Tomura I'm sorry. You're a stupid guy. What kind of man is it, what the current host is?
(Several branches) It would be nice to ask your mother. He seems to know everything.
(Denbei) (Unconsciously grasping the fist) Do you still say such a stupid thing? Asa doesn't know anything. However, it seems that you are secretly communicating with someone, it seems that money is sometimes sent, and Mutsuko sometimes says what about Oji-chan in Tokyo, and I understand that it is not Asa. ..
(Several branches) But did your father not know?
(Denbei) (It seems to be painful) There is no reason to think about such a thing in a dream. (With a sigh) Well, how far are you going to fall from now on?
(Several branches) (Quietly) If you can't leave me at this house, I'll take Mutsuko back to Tokyo. I was supposed to leave it here until spring, and during that time Suzuki would find a house over there.
(Denbei) Suzuki, the man.
(Several branches) (Gentle) That's right.
(Denbei) It's been many years since I've been with the man.
(Several branches) (silent)
(Denbei) Should I not ask? Alright, I usually understand. (Quietly with less excitement, but the voice is changing) Get out. Get out now. It doesn't matter where you go. Get out. Leave Mutsuko and go to the man right now!
(Several branches) Dad (face up), do you know what kind of hardships I have had in Tokyo?
[# End of indentation here]

[# Indent two characters from here]
The sound of the front door.
[# End of indentation here]

[# With line break from here, wrap and indent by 2 characters]
(Voice of stepmother Asa) Hey, he was clever, he was clever. Even if it was cold, I didn't cry at all.
(Mutsuko's voice) Then, Mutsuko was really useful, wasn't it?
(Asa's voice) Yes, that's right. Hey, he brought my grandma's wallet and didn't drop it. It was very useful. It was very useful.
(Mutsuko's voice) So, are you going to take me to your errand?
(Asa's voice) Whether you take it or take it. Let's meet.
[# End of indentation here]

[# Indent two characters from here]
Asa and Mutsuko appeared after opening the shoji screen. Mutsuko immediately runs toward several branches and is held on her knees.
[# End of indentation here]

[# With line break from here, wrap and indent by 2 characters]
(Several branches) Wasn't it heavy (looking at the morning and laughing)?
(Asa) (A basket containing the fish I bought, a square roll, a blanket for going out in the Tsugaru region, and so on. (While) Oh, even though it was heavy, it seemed like I was walking with a stone Jizo on my back. (Open a good shoji, go down to the kitchen and squeeze the shoji, and only the voice) Nowadays, why don't you have a bad wisdom? Pretending to be asleep, I don't like it.
(Several branches) (Notice the sparkler of a bunch of "Hitotaba" held in Mutsuko's hand) Oh, what is this? What's wrong?
(Mutsuko) This is a toy "toy".
(Several branches) Toys? (Laughing) Hey, weird toys. Did your grandma buy it?
(Mutsuko) (Nods)
(Asa) (While doing everything in the kitchen, only the voice from the shoji screen) The current child seems to be poor. I don't sell any toys. Mutsuko says she wants a small flag of the Hinomaru, but it was cool. When I was told that, it seems that the toy with that flag had disappeared from every booth shop during the war, even though it was always there these days. At least I want to let my kids play with that flag, but I wonder if it's no good. Grandma was at a loss as to what to explain to Mutsuko. There are a lot of sparklers in the store. I wonder for some reason. Apparently, the shops these days are lined with strange items that are out of season. It's a straw hat, it's a fly swatter, it makes me laugh, I wonder if there are people who buy such things. I wonder what to do with buying a fly swatter nowadays.
(Several branches) (Laughing) Fly swatter may be a substitute for battledore. I don't know if it's a better toy for children than a sparkler like this. (While picking up sparklers from Mutsuko's hands) Winter fireworks are kind of creepy. When I glanced at Mutsuko's possession, I was scared for some reason.
(Asa) (softly) I didn't sell anything else. Today's children are really poor. It looks like a new cod (changing the tone), but would you like to have it?
(Denbei) Is there still sake?
(Asa) (After all, thanks to the shoji) Yes, there are still a few.
(Denbei) Then, let's say that the evening is a cod dust.
(Several branches) Let's do that too.
(Denbei) (Forgetting restraint and finally yelling) Stupid guy! How far can you playfully become a true human being (stand up and sit down again)!
[# End of indentation here]

[# Indent two characters from here]
Mutsuko begins to cry like a fire and clings to the bosom of several branches. Some branches are cold.
[# End of indentation here]

[# With line break from here, wrap and indent by 2 characters]
(Denbei) For you alone, for you alone, how much this house is for you alone (while muttering something, crying)
[# End of indentation here]

[# Indent two characters from here]
Stand quietly while holding Mutsuko, and go to the stairs in the back.
[# End of indentation here]

[# With line break from here, wrap and indent by 2 characters]
(Denbei) (Stand up fiercely) Wait!
(Asa) (Running out of the kitchen and holding down Denbei) Well, dad, what do you do?
(Denbei) I have to hit him. You have to hit until you get sane.
[# End of indentation here]

[# Indent two characters from here]
A few branches, without turning around, hugging Mutsuko crying and starting to climb the stairs. You can see wearing white stockings from the hem of the kimono.
Denbei, Agaku. Asa, desperately stay.
[# End of indentation here]
[# Raise 3 letters from the ground] -Curtain.

Act 2

[# Indent two characters from here]
When the curtain opens, the stage is full. The lamp lights up. A few branches of the living room on the second floor. Several branches have now turned on the lamp in the room. There are two beds in the room. For one, Mutsuko is sleeping. Some branches were standing in their sleepwear, and with one hand, they just twisted the lamp switch. I'm staring at one point while holding one hand and holding the switch. One of them is the poor shutter. The shutters open quietly. Snow blows in. Then, a man wearing a double mawashi comes in behind him.
[# End of indentation here]

[# With line break from here, wrap and indent by 2 characters]
(Several branches) (scratch, but sharp) Who? Who is it?
(Man) (I close the shutter, take off the double mawashi, turn to this side for the first time, and sit properly on the spot. Villager, Kiyozo Kanaya) I am. Please feel free to contact me. (Seriously, bow a little)
(Several branches) (Surprising) Well, Mr. Kiyozo. What happened? (I quickly hooked the haori on the nightwear, tied the haori | string, went to the furnace in the room, and sat down.) What happened?
(Kiyozo) I'm sorry. Once again, I wanted you to listen to my feelings slowly, so I wandered in front of my house for a long time, finally decided, went up to the roof, and touched the shutters in this upstairs room. I was so tired when I did that, so ...
(Several branches) (Bitter smile) Nezumi Kozo. (While collecting the buried fire with fire chopsticks "Hibashi") But in the countryside, this is not uncommon, isn't it? It's a normal, romantic style in the countryside, I'm sure. Isn't it something like night crawling?
(Kiyozo) It's ridiculous, I'm never rude.
(Several branches) (laughing) No, if not, it's more like rudeness. It's crazy to go up to the roof, go to this room on the second floor, and visit people for such a night out.
(Kiyozo) (Finally painfully) Please, don't make fun of me. I'm bad. It's really surprising to be called a night crawling, but I can't help it. I had no other choice than this. (Raise your face) Mr. Kaeda! Please stop hurting me anymore. Is it yes or noo? Please answer it clearly tonight.
(Several branches) (Frowning) Oh, you're drinking.
(Kiyozo) I drank it. (Depressed) I've been drinking alcohol for the last few days. Mr. Kaede, this is all bad for you. If you didn't even come back, oh, boring, there's no spec to say this. Mr. Kaede, do you remember, you forgot, when you graduated from girls' school and came to a school in Tokyo, the road was terrible at that time just in the snow-melting season. Unfortunately, I carried your luggage on my back and walked to Namioka station with your mother and three people. On the roadside, Michibata had already sprouted butterbur sprout. As you walk, you sing the song that Yamabe and Nobe are both spring haze, Ogawa is whispering, and peach buds are loosening.
(Several branches) It's not loose. Peach's 莟 Urumu. Jun was useless.
(Kiyozo) Was that so? After all, you remember those days. Then we arrived at Namioka station and we still had a lot of time, so we sat down on the bench in the station's waiting room and opened our lunch box. At that time, the side dishes of your lunch box were grilled eggs and Kinpira beef 蒡, and the side dishes of the lunch box I brought were the kasuzuke of Sujiko and the boiled onion. It was. You said you wanted to eat my kasuzuke sujiko and gave me omelet and kinpira burdock, and you ate my sujiko and onion boiled. I also ate your omelet and Kinpira burdock, and I felt like the blood of the two of us was well matched. Even if I break up here now, I'll never break up, I'm sure I'll come to my place again, and I'm sure the couple ... yes, I thought so. Did I have been twenty-three or four at that time? Before that, I had vaguely thought that I was the only one in this village who was out of secondary school and that I was the only one who was eligible to be with you. Eat it again, and when your mom laughs and tells you that Kiyozo's side dishes seem to be exceptionally delicious, you're not Kiyozo's stranger. Hey Kiyozo-san, I laughed strangely when I saw him. Remember, do you come?
(Several branches) I forgot (while stroking the ashes with fire chopsticks, casually).
(Kiyozo) Is that so? (Sighing) Everything was stupid for me. At that time, I was so happy that you said that, and I cried so much that I couldn't even get the rice in my throat. This must be because Mr. Kaede will be with me when he comes back after graduating from school in Tokyo, and I think that your mother will be able to stay that way. It has ended up.
(Several branches) Well, my mother may have been like that. Your house and my house have been close to each other for a long time, and you liked your mom, so I didn't think of you as someone else, but ... …….
(Kiyozo) (Nodding) That's right, that's right. I made a stupid mistake. But, Mr. Kaede, I waited then. I'm sure I had the illusion that I could be with you, and in my heart I called you a wife and waited, but you never came back. In this region, men are usually married when they reach twenty-three or four. I had a lot of marriages, but I declined all of them. But you didn't come back to the village during the summer or winter vacations, and I heard that you married Tetsuro Shimada, a teacher and novelist at your school. Well, please guess what was wrong with me. I have changed people since then. I don't have much help with our rice mill. I also learned the taste of cigarettes. I also started to drink alcohol and work violently on people. I also crawled at night.
(Several branches) (Spout) Lie, lie. Everyone is lying from that area. Why does a man make such a transparent lie? You're telling such a lie seriously, as if your lie didn't notice you. Just as I went to Tokyo and forgot about you, so do you. Isn't it possible that I and Namioka broke up at the stop and have been thinking about me for the last 10 years? All human beings think only of the things that have come into contact with their daily lives, and that's all. Sometimes I remember people who are far away and have nothing to do with my life, but I forget about them. I don't think it's because of you that you've been drinking so much or working violently. I don't think it's rude that you've had such qualities for a long time, but it's not just that everyone naturally did so from your environment of life. ?? If you were relaxing in this village, it would surely be the case. That's it. It's terrible because of me. You forgot me, just as I forgot you. When I heard that I was back, I must have suddenly become anxious and somehow hated me. Humans are like that.
(Kiyozo) (Suddenly, it's crazy) No. The proof is that I am still single. You can't just swear at me. I am already thirty-four. In this region, when you are thirty-four and you are single, you are treated as if you were a stranger. There are even terrible rumors that it might be somewhere. Still, I couldn't forget you. You've already gone to your bride, and even though you thought you had to forget you, you couldn't do it. There is a reason for that. Mr. Kazue, I read Tetsuro Shimada's novel. From a strange curiosity, your husband ordered 45 kinds of new books by Tetsuro Shimada from a bookstore in Tokyo. I wish I hadn't ordered it. You can't imagine how miserable I suffered from reading that. Shimada-san, no, the various women in Shimada's novels are all you. It's just like you. I can see how much he loves you and how devoted you are to him. I can't forget you if I try to forget you. No matter how far you are from me, when you read that book, it feels like you're awake in the room next to me. Even if I thought I wouldn't read it anymore, I was still worried about something, and when there was an advertisement for Shimada's new book in newspapers, I just ordered it again and read it, and I was in agony. It is. Indeed, I am a mischievous man. Do not you think so. There was such a haiku in Shimada's novel. White socks and housewives don't start the day. White socks and housewives don't start the day. In fact, it makes people foolish. When I read that phrase, I felt that it was worthwhile for you, and that I couldn't stand even if I was standing, because it had a mellow appearance that came to my eyes. Somehow, I felt like you were making a good impression, and there was no specification. Don't you think it's justified that you want to drink alcohol and work violently on people? I once thought that someone was looking for a redneck woman, but the white socks and the housewife's day didn't start, and your beautiful illusion was always flickering in your eyes, but it was a redneck woman. It's not so miserable to live while looking at the slow-moving mother. I'm miserable, and I'm sorry for the country girl who is fluttering and working without knowing anything about it. Mr. Kaede, I have become a man who will never have a wife for you. I didn't know anything about Shimada's departure. I was wondering why Shimada's novels haven't been published at all in the last few years, probably because the war forced novelists to move into munitions factories or something. However, even if there is no new novel, there are still many previous Shimada books in my possession. It was so frustrating that I thought I'd bake it, but somehow it felt like burning your body and I couldn't do it. I hated that Shimada book, but I still loved you in that book and I couldn't take it out of my hands. For the last decade you have always been by my side. White socks and housewives don't start the day. Your beautiful figure is flickering and working around me from morning till night. You can't forget it. Suddenly you came back there. I heard that Shimada went out long ago and apparently died in the war, so I ...
(Several branches) I can't say the rest. You can't say I'm coming to you for a couple of months after I come back, because I've been in this house from morning till night, and my dad and mom are all such weak people. It seemed like I was in trouble, so I went to your house (as I said, I noticed the sparklers scattered on the tatami mats, and I picked up one and set it on fire. It's crackling. (Gaze at the sparks) In front of your mother, your sister, and you and the three of you, it's hard to make strange rumors when you come all the way. I told you not to come anymore, and then you didn't come anymore, and when I was relieved (the fireworks went out. I picked up another one and ignited it), suddenly I sent such a nasty letter. Really, you have changed too. Even in the village you don't seem to have a terrible reputation.
(Kiyozo) It can't be helped even if it's unpleasant. I wrote that letter in tears. One man wrote while crying. Today, I came to hear the reply to that letter. Is it yes or noo? Please listen only to that. It sounds like a mess, but tonight I brought something like this (I took out a Deba knife wrapped in a towel, put it on a tatami mat, and smiled). Please stop such fireworks and say yes or noo.
(Several branches) (When the fireworks go out, I pick up another firework and ignite it. I will continue to do the same for five or six fireworks.) This firework, my mother, a few days ago, told Mutsuko. It was bought by me, but it seems that even such a child is not interested in the crackling fireworks near the stove. I was looking boring. After all, fireworks will look the most beautiful if everyone wears a yukata on a summer night, gathers at a cool stand in the garden, and crackles while eating watermelon. Right. But such an era may not come forever, forever (sighing involuntarily). Winter fireworks, winter fireworks. Kiyozo-san, you and I, no, all the Japanese people are like this in winter. It's like fireworks.
(Kiyozo) What does that mean?
(Several branches) It doesn't mean anything. You can see it by looking at it. Japan can't do anything anymore (suddenly stop the fireworks and cover the face with sleeves). (Half my face out of my sleeves and laughing a little while sobbing) And I'm no good anymore. No matter how hard you try
(Kiyozo) (It seems that something was wrong, and I recommend Knees) Yes, that's right. It is useless as it is. Take the plunge and change your life. Mutsuko-san will take care of me for about one person. As you know, my house is the only rice mill in this area, so no matter how much rice is used, it can be managed. Rice mills are the best now. The freedom of rice is greater than anyone else than the landowner.
(Several branches) (I didn't seem to hear it at all, and while messing around with the ends of my sleeves on my lap) When did Japanese people become so lonely and liar? It's all fake, and you can't save people by cheating on what you know and sticking to something like a little scholarship or principle. To save people, well, it's a little crazy (it makes a strange laugh like the one in Act 1). I wonder when it was when all Japanese people started to walk in such a strange way as a puppet. It's been a long time ago. Maybe it's been a long time ago.
(Kiyozo) (While fluttering) That's true for urban people. That's right. However, the innocence of the redneck is the same as it used to be. Mr. Kaede, remember the old days (laughing a lot and pushing your knees a little). You and I have been connected for a long time. It was a relationship that we should be together. Please remember, Mr. Kaede. As expected, I couldn't say this because I was embarrassed, but Mr. Kaede, when we were little, we played with the straw in the straw hut of your house. There was a thing. Haven't you forgotten about that time? When you started going to girls' school, you looked like you had forgotten that you had something like that with me, but from that time on, you've been with me. I had to come to my wife. I lost my virginity and you are a virgin.
(Several branches) (Amazing and standing up) Well, what are you talking about? It's like a thug. What is naive? A person like you is a villain. Please go home. If you don't go home, I'll call you.
(Kiyozo) (Completely calm like a villain) Be quiet. (Raise the Deba knife a little and throw it lightly on the tatami mat.) Can't you see this? Tonight, I'm dead. I don't want to be teased by you forever. Is it yes or noo?
(Several branches) Please, it's odious. If a woman has to be attacked by a person for the rest of her life for such a trivial childhood, she is too miserable. Oh, I want to kill you. (While facing Kiyozo, step back a few steps and suddenly open the sliding door behind the sliding door. The outside of the sliding door is the entrance to the stairs. As you know from the beginning that you are standing there, while still looking at Kiyozo) Mom! It ’s fun. Let this man go home. He's a caterpillar-like man. I don't want to talk anymore. I want to kill you.
(Kiyozo) (I was surprised to see Asa standing) Hi mom, were you there? (Suddenly, I shrugged and stowed the Deba knife on the tatami mat in my pocket.) Excuse me. Let's go home. (Stand up and wear a double mawashi)
(Asa) (Enter the Ododo room, stop by Kiyozo, help Kiyozo wear a double mawashi, and calmly) Kiyozo-san, get your bride as soon as possible. For some branches, ...
(Several branches) (quiet and sharp) Mom! (Don't say it, control it with your eyes)
(Kiyozo) (It looks like you noticed it) Is that so? Mr. Kaede, you are also a terrible woman. (Smiling) It's a great arm. I was afraid. If I'm a caterpillar, you're a snake. It's a nasty "inran". It's a girl. I'll tell everyone. I'll tell everyone. (Turn over and open the shutters behind. Snow blows in.)
(Asa) (Low, flat) Mr. Kiyozo, please wait. (Hugging Kiyozo, digging around Kiyozo's foot, taking out the Deba knife, holding it in the other hand and using Kiyozo's chest as a stab)
(Kiyozo) (Catch that hand with a short hair) What do you do? Did you go crazy? (Pick up the kitchen knife, kick down the asa, and escape to the outside. You can hear the sound of jumping down from the roof.)
(Several branches) (Asa warrior choreographed) Mom! Let's have a hard time. (Crying like a child)
(Asa) (Holding a few branches) I was listening. I thought it was bad to overhear, but I was worried about you, so ... (crying)
(Several branches) I know. My mother was crying because of that fusuma. I knew it right away. But mom, leave me alone. I'm no good anymore. It just spoils you. Happiness never comes for the rest of my life. Mom, the person waiting for me in Tokyo is much younger than me.
(Asa) (Surprising appearance) Well, you. (Holding a few branches with a string) He's a child who can't make a match.
(Several branches) (Finally crying) There is no specification. There are no specifications. In order for me and Mutsuko to survive, I had to do that. I'm not bad. I'm not bad.
[# End of indentation here]

[# Indent two characters from here]
Snow blows in without interruption. The tatami mats, their hair, and shoulders are getting whiter.
[# End of indentation here]
[# Raise 3 letters from the ground] -Curtain.

Act 3

[# Indent two characters from here]
The stage is in the back of Denbei's house. The front is a majestic alcove, but it is hidden more than the middle because a folding screen is erected. The folding screen is a silver folding screen that has become a terribly old rat color. However, it is not torn. Good "Kamite" is a shoji. Outside the shoji is the feeling of a corridor. The morning sun shines through the glass door in the corridor, brightening the shoji screen. Poor "mote" is fusuma "bran".
When the curtain opens, there is a bed in the center of the room. Asa is sleeping on her back with the shoji on her head. Considerable weakness. Sleeping. At the bedside, there are medicine bottles, medicine bags, suckers, and more. In front of the bed, there are two braziers of paulownia wood. Both braziers are hung with iron kettles and steaming. A few branches, sitting in front of a small desk facing the shoji, writing something like a letter.

About ten days have passed since the second act.

He puts a fountain pen on his desk, puts a cheek stick on his desk, looks at the shoji, and then cries without making a voice.
while.
Asa, I groan painfully while sleeping. Moaning continues.
[# End of indentation here]

[# With line break from here, wrap and indent by 2 characters]
(Several branches) (Looking at Asa, fold the letter on the desk and put it in the back, then stand up and go to Asa and raise Asa.) Mom, mom.
(Asa) Ah, (I wake up and make a deep sigh) Ah, you.
(Several branches) Is it painful somewhere?
(Asa) No, (sighs) I had a terrifying dream, and ... (changing the tone) Mutsuko?
(Several branches) I came to Hirosaki with my grandpa as soon as possible.
(Asa) To Hirosaki? What are you doing?
(Several branches) Oh, didn't you know? The doctor who came yesterday is the director of the Narumi Internal Medicine Department in Hirosaki. So, my dad went to Narumi-sensei to get some medicine today.
(Asa) Without Mutsuko, it would be rusty.
(Several branches) It's quiet and not good. But kids aren't very cash. When Grandma gets sick, she doesn't even get close to her, and now she's just spoiled by Grandpa and clings to her.
(Asa) That's not true. That's because Grandpa was in a good mood for Mutsuko. If you look at it as a grandpa, this is where you want to draw Mutsuko to your side.
(Several branches) Oh, why? (Charcoal is added to the brazier, water is added to the iron kettle, and the Asa no Kakebuton is fixed.
(Asa) Because even after I'm gone, if Mutsuko is attached to Grandpa, it will be difficult for you to go back to Tokyo.
(Several branches) (laughing) Well, I'll say something strange. Alright, it's ridiculous. Shall we peel an apple? The doctor said that if you eat anything, you'll get better.
(Asa) (Shake your head to the ghost) I don't want to eat. I don't want to get anything. What did the doctor who came yesterday say about my illness?
(Several branches) (Slightly hesitant, then clearly) Cholecystitis may be. Like my mother, I vomit immediately no matter what I eat, so my body is weakened, which can be dangerous, but if my food is now hungry, it will take about a week. He said he would get better.
(Asa) (smiling) I hope so. I feel like it's no good anymore. Is there any other illness? The limbs did not move at all.
(Several branches) Well, if you show it to a doctor, even a master person will say various things, and if you care about it one by one, there is no end to it.
(Asa) What did you say?
(Several branches) No, it's nothing. However, I was saying that there was a slight cerebral hemorrhage, and that there was a pulse, something like this, but I forgot. In short (in a funny tone), if you eat a lot of whatever you want to eat, you'll get rid of it. That's right for the diagnosis of a female doctor named Kaede.
(Asa) (Solemnly) Several branches, I don't want to go away anymore. I want you to die early while having you take care of me. For me, that's the best match.
[# End of indentation here]

[# Indent two characters from here]
You can hear the clock in the living room slowly hitting ten o'clock.
[# End of indentation here]

[# With line break from here, wrap and indent by 2 characters]
(Several branches) (I didn't get along with what Asa said, pretending I couldn't hear it) Oh, it's already ten o'clock. (Rise) Let's make it with Kuzuyu. I really have to eat something. (Opening a good shoji while saying) Oh, today is a rare and nice weather.
(Asa) Several branches, stay here. No matter what I eat Don't go anywhere, stay by my side. I have something to say to you.
(Several branches) (Keep the shoji quiet, sit by the bed again, and shine) What's wrong? Hey, mom.
(Asa) Kaede, you won't be returning to Tokyo anymore.
(Several branches) (Easy) I'm going home. My dad told me to go out. Then, from that day on, I wouldn't speak to myself anymore. There's nothing better than going home.
(Asa) I don't mind if I'm bedridden like this.
(Several branches) I'll get rid of my mother's illness soon. Well, until he's healed, I'm going to do my best to take care of my mother, no matter how much my dad said I could go out.
(Asa) It's been many years.
(Several branches) After many years, (laughing) Mom, I'll get rid of it soon.
(Asa) (Shake your head) No, no. I know. Kazue, if I had something to do, would you leave your dad alone in this house and go to Tokyo?
(Several branches) No, no. Such a story. (Crying away from your face) If that happens, if that happens, several branches will die.
(Asa) (sighing) I wanted to make you the best-matched child in the world, but the opposite was true.
(Several branches) No, I'm not the only one who is out of order. I wonder if there are any people in Japan who are assured. I, mom, just wrote this letter. (Take out the letter that was about to be written in advance from the bottom and squeeze it small) (Read in a whisper) Dear Sir. Exchange "Kase" 300 yen I'm sure. Since I came here, I haven't used my money at all, and the money you have sent so far is still exactly the same. You need as much money as you want, so don't send money to us anymore. Then, if you suddenly need money there, please let us know by telegram. I don't really need anything here, so I'll send you as soon as you can. Until then, let's leave it for a while. By the way, as usual, the appearance of the work, the exhibition of this year is about to start, and even though the New Year has just passed, it's quite early. I think that the paintings that will be exhibited at the exhibition are about to be completed. You said in a letter that you had to draw a new reality, but what did you do? Is it a group of tramps in front of Ueno Station? I would have hidden the burns of Hiroshima. Otherwise, that beautiful flame rain that had fallen above us in Tokyo. I'm sure you can make a good picture. For me, about ten days ago, my mother collapsed due to the shock of an unpleasant incident, and since then I have fallen asleep and I have been taking care of her, but after a long time, I feel somehow competing. I love this mother more than my life. And my mother loves me as much as that. My mother is a good mother. And then, a beautiful mother. I'm going to Aomori with a beggar like a beggar, with Mutsuko, as I'm almost all over Japan being hit by air raids. I got on the train and was hit by air raids over and over again on the way, and I was dropped off at various stations and stayed in a camp. A female student gave me a rice ball, a chopped kelp, and a beggar, and Mutsuko was so happy that she threw the rice ball at the female student in an angry manner. Well, when I think about it now, I've become a parent and child of a miserable, miserable beggar, but nevertheless I didn't want to go back to the house where I was born in Tohoku. It was because I wanted to meet my beautiful mother. My mother is a good mother. My mother's illness was originally caused by me. I want to make this mother as much as possible now. I decided not to think about anything else. When my mother tells me to stay with her forever, I will be with her for the rest of my life. I will not return to you. My father said that he should return to Tokyo early because of his feelings toward the world and his mother-in-law, but if my mother fell asleep due to illness, this father would also be weak and selfish. 》 Seems to have broken. I may not return to Tokyo anymore. If you feel sorry for me, please stop drawing and come to this countryside and become a farmer with me. You can't do that. But if you feel like that, please come and visit us. When it gets warmer, the snow melts, and the green grass in the rice fields can be seen, I will go out to the fields with a hoe every day and work silently. I'm just a peasant woman. I'm going to make Mutsuko a peasant woman as well as me. I don't feel like relying on anyone in Japan today, politicians, thinkers, artists. Isn't everyone all about their daily lives now? To be honest, I'd say that I'm bravely instructing the people, I'm living brightly, I have hope, there's no point in arranging all the sermons around me. And that's the culture. You can't be stunned. What is culture? It was written as a ghost of the sentence. Why do Japanese people like to be leaders so much? Even during the war, there were many strange leaders and it was closed, but this time it seems to be inflation of the leaders of the reconstruction of Japan. It's scary. I'm sure Japan will be even worse in the future. Young people have to study, and we have to work, which is a matter of course, but in order to avoid it, there are various plausible caves. Then it will gradually fall to the point where it falls. Hey, what is anarchy? I think it's about trying to make something like the peach source of China. Plow fields with just like-minded friends, plant peach and pear and apple trees, don't listen to the radio, don't read newspapers, don't get letters, don't have elections, give speeches. I wonder if everyone is aware of their past sins and is weak, and that's why they love their neighbors as if they love themselves, and when they get tired, they fall asleep and make such a Buraku. I feel like I can make such a Buraku now. First of all, I'm a farmer and I'll try it myself. As soon as the snow disappeared, I went out to the rice fields (stop reading, put the letter on my lap, smile with a stiff smile and look at my mother), but I wrote so far. I may be separated from Mr. Suzuki at the end of this letter.
(Asa) Is it Mr. Suzuki?
(Several branches) Yes, we were indebted to you. Thanks to this person, I and Mutsuko apparently survived the war. But mom, I'll forget everyone. From now on, I'll be with my mom for the rest of my life. Come to think of it, even mom, Eiichi doesn't come back (after saying it, I'm confused), but Eiichi is okay. I'm sure I'll be back in good health now.
(Asa) If you and Mutsuko stay at this house, Eiichi doesn't have to come back. I have already given up on that child. Kaede, I'm more than Eiichi, you and Mutsuko aren't the same. (cry)
(Several branches) (Wipe the tears with a handkerchief) I don't care what happens to me. I really always think so. I've been doing all the bad things (down).
(Asa) Kaede, every woman (with a strange voice) has a secret. You just didn't hide it.
(Several branches) (Mysteriously looking into Asa's face) Mom, no, with such a serious face. (Smiley smile)
(Asa) (regardless of that) How many days have you been since then?
(Several branches) When did you start?
(Asa) From that night.
(Several branches) Well, I wonder if it's been about 10 days already. Alright, what about that night?
(Asa) Ten days? That's right. Only ten days. I feel like it was half a year ago.
(Several branches) Because my mom collapsed under the stairs that night and was unconscious for three days, but that night feels like a distant dream. No wonder. It's a dream. I'll forget that too. Let's forget everything. I'm a farmer, and that's how we create our peach source.
(Asa) Didn't Kiyozo ask you what you were doing after that?
(Several branches) I don't know about that person. It's okay because I'll forget it. Yesterday, that person's younger sister came and said that he started working like a stranger after drinking alcohol, but I can't count on him.
(Asa) I wish I could get a bride as soon as possible.
(Several branches) There is something like that now. My sister said it. What happened to this marriage was that my brother was very enthusiastic. I understand.
(Asa) What do you know?
(Several branches) What is the feeling of Mr. Kiyozo?
(Asa) Why?
(Several branches) Because, if my mom told me so much that night and I still didn't convert, that person would be a fool or a devil.
(Asa) That idiot or devil is me. I am. I really tried to kill him that night.
(Several branches) No, let's do it, mom. For me, for me, mom, I'm sorry, I'm going to be filial (crying) and give back my gratitude, so don't say anything anymore. There is nothing in Japan that we are proud of in the world, but my mother is only my mother.
(Asa) It's different. I'm a much worse woman than you. It wasn't for you that I tried to kill that person that night. It's for me. A few branches, let me die as it is. Dying is the best match. Kaede, that person, just like that, six years ago, ...
(Several branches) (Raise your face and wake up Ao)
(Asa) I was stupid and deceived. Why is a woman so much ... (cry)
(Several branches) (Like a painless one, take a rough breath and then stand up. A letter falls from your knees. Keep an eye on it.) Taoyuan Sakai, Utopia, Peasant, (in Act 1) It's ridiculous. Everyone is ridiculous. This is the reality of Japan. (Laughs high) Now, save us, the Japanese leaders. Can you do it or can you do it? (While saying, pick up the letter, split it in two, split it in four, split it in eight, split it into pieces) Yes, do it yourself. I'm going to my favorite guy in Tokyo. It will fall to the point where it falls. Is there an ideal or a loofah?
[# End of indentation here]

[# Indent two characters from here]
You can hear the sound of opening the front door roughly.
"It's a telegram. Mr. Kazue Shimada. It's a telegram."
[# End of indentation here]

[# With line break from here, wrap and indent by 2 characters]
(Several branches) Oh, telegram to me. No, no. It's not a bad thing. Nobody in Japan today has any good news. The bad news has come. (Prowls and throws a lot of pieces of paper in his hand into the brazier. The flame goes up.) Oh, this is also fireworks. (Laughs like crazy) Winter fireworks. My longing for the peach source, and my messy determination, are all ridiculous winter fireworks.
[# End of indentation here]

[# Indent two characters from here]
At the entrance, while saying, "It's a telegram. Is there anyone? Mr. Kazue Shimada. It's an urgent news."
[# End of indentation here]
[# Raise 3 letters from the ground] -Curtain.



Bottom book: "Osamu Dazai Complete Works 8" Chikuma Bunko, Chikuma Shobo
First print issued on April 25, 1989 (Heisei 1)
Parent of the bottom book: "Complete Works of Chikuma Dazai Osamu Dazai Complete Works" Chikuma Shobo
From June 1975 (Showa 50) to June 1976 (Showa 51)
Input: Takuji Shibata
Proofreading: Takashi Tsuchiya
Created January 15, 2005
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
