Nuclear power management
Yoshio Nishina

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Izure

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) [# 2 indentation]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

[# 2 indentation] One introduction [# "One introduction" is a middle heading]

I had the opportunity to witness Hiroshima and Nagasaki shortly after being attacked by the atomic bomb, and I had to suffer even though the damage was so bad. Not to mention the corpses lying everywhere, seeing the cluttered and endless rows of patients who were burned to the point where their eyes and nose were indistinguishable, and hearing their agony moaning, they truly came to hell. It was. In Nagasaki, the famous Urakami Cathedral has become a shadowless ruin, and it would have closed its history and tradition with all the devout believers from ancient times. Schools and other precious cultural facilities have been burnt or crushed without a trace. I looked down on the sights of Hiroshima and Nagasaki from the top of a small hill, and now I can't help but sigh deeply, learning the fact that this is the result of a single bomb. It was. And there is no war. I thought that the war had to be stopped. Looking at Hiroshima and Nagasaki, the correctness of the peace theorists' claims persuades people without complaint. Now that the atomic bomb has been created, many people have to radically change their attitude toward war. In other words, the devastation of the war was so widespread and serious that it could not be compared with conventional weapons, and the cruel damage was inevitable for all the participating countries. There is also the possibility that the criminal nation that caused the war of aggression could achieve the purpose at once and overrun the peaceful nation by the atomic bomb prepared for that purpose. It was.
The inevitable consequence of these results is that we will inevitably eliminate the war. However, from where this is a difficult ideal to achieve, some may try to come up with a mechanism that would prevent the use of atomic bombs in the war that occurred, if not eliminate the war. However, once a war broke out, the production of an atomic bomb could be undertaken, which would inevitably result in its use. So controlling the use of nuclear bombs and limiting war should not be treated differently. Rather, this must be regarded as the same thing. For some time, scientists have argued that making war finally impossible by making very powerful weapons is the way to contribute to humankind. It can be said that the invention of the atomic bomb really realized this ideal. Poisonous gas was still far from ideal at this point. Therefore, it may have been possible to actually manage not to use it in the war. The fact that the atomic bomb is as effective as poisonous gas is why it makes its management problems difficult and urgently important.
As a matter of fact, the difficulty of extinguishing war is known. This cannot be done by moral methods such as international justice, sincerity, and trust. However, the great real pressure of new nuclear power, as some scientists had idealized above, created the potential for success. If it is not successful, there is a danger that it will lead to the destruction of culture and the retreat of humankind, so we must succeed in this at all costs.
What you can see immediately is that there is one dilemma here. That is, on the other hand, it is safe to disallow its existence in order to eliminate the damage of the atomic bomb, but it is possible to see the outbreak of war as a result of the terrible pressure disappearing. The appearance of an atomic bomb should be expected in the event of a war. On the contrary, if the existence of an atomic bomb is allowed to give pressure to prevent the occurrence of war, it may be abused at any time and lead to the destruction of human culture unless it is effectively managed. There is a fear. So it all comes down to management issues. How to do this is a serious issue for the world powers and a major concern of the United Nations.

[# 2 indentation] The power of the two atomic bombs [# "The power of the two atomic bombs" is the middle heading]

The power of the atomic bomb has brought about a fundamental change in people's ideas and attitudes toward war, and it is used in the atomic era (this should be called the atomic era, but today the noun of the atomic era has already been created. Even the word (let's say) has come to be used, but in this sense it must be said that the atomic era has just begun. It is arguable that if left unchecked, it will develop into an even more terrifying era of weapons.
However, its power is amazing even at present. Since the numbers for this damage were often published in newspapers, it seems that it is not necessary to repeat it now, but if you look at the numbers necessary to make the story concrete, about one death in Hiroshima It is a recent report that the number of injured people will be much less than this. Those who were within a radius of one kilometer from the point directly below the explosion usually died, and those far from the second kilometer were injured but hardly died. In Nagasaki, the death toll is 80,000, so the number of injured is probably that much. As mentioned in the newspaper, the bombs in Nagasaki are newer than those in Hiroshima, and their power is two or three times stronger, but Nagasaki, which has a long and narrow terrain with hills on both sides, is flat on all sides. The damage was less than that of Hiroshima, which has spread to Hiroshima. It is also important to note that while Hiroshima was the center of the bomb's fall, Nagasaki was off the center to the north. These casualties are burned by the light of the atomic bomb, and are exposed to the radiation and suffer from so-called atomic bomb disease, and the heavy ones usually die within a month or so.
Although it was a damage to the house, in Hiroshima, the houses from the point directly below the explosion to the 1st to 2nd kilometers were burnt down by the fire, and the houses from the 3rd to the 4th kilometers were destroyed to the extent that they could not be repaired. Even in Nagasaki, the damage distance on flat land is one and a half to twice as long as in Hiroshima, but as mentioned above, the damage area is smaller than in Hiroshima because it is blocked by hills. In Hiroshima, the area of irreparable collapse or further damage probably ranges from 30 to 40 square kilometers.
Therefore, with this power, it must be seen that a city with a population of about 400,000 will be cleaned up with a single atomic bomb. Looking at the largest city of Tokyo, the old city of Tokyo would be destroyed by two or three atomic bombs, and fifteen or sixteen would suffice to crush everything, including the new city.
The above is the story of Japanese cities, but in modern cities made of reinforced concrete architecture, things are completely different. Japanese houses are extremely vulnerable to the blast of an atomic bomb, and they are easily ignited by the heat of an atomic bomb, and the fire spreads quickly. In both Hiroshima and Nagasaki, the reinforced concrete houses were damaged and the interior was burnt, but none of them collapsed. Also, the people who were in it were less likely to be killed or injured than Japanese houses. Therefore, for modern cities in Europe and the United States, the results of Hiroshima and Nagasaki cannot be applied.
What should be added is that in the case of Hiroshima and Nagasaki, no atomic bomb was expected. Therefore, the attacker was able to bomb as he wished without any interference. However, in the future, all defense measures will be taken against this type of bombing, so the damage will be less than in the case of Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
The above mentioned that Western cities have an advantage over atomic bombs over Hiroshima and Nagasaki, but that is a discussion based on today's atomic bombs. Then what will happen to the atomic bomb tomorrow? What will happen to the defense weapons against this? After taking that into consideration, we must consider what will happen to the damage to Western cities.
As mentioned before, the beginning of the atomic era has just begun today. Given the history of the development of all weapons, and the principle of the atomic bomb, it is possible that more powerful weapons will be produced in large quantities in the future. Whether it's an airplane or a tank, what was used in the previous war was like a toy from today, and the development of thirty years brought about a situation that could not have been dreamed of at that time. I'm done. Of course, no one doubted the possibility of its development, but when a large number of powerful and fast airplanes like today were produced and used as if they were put into operation in World War II. Would not have been foreseen by anyone. The same is true for tanks. Even if we do not know the exact future of the development of the atomic bomb, we must anticipate that it may appear as a weapon that has a completely different view from today's atomic bombs. For example, even in terms of its power, the ones in Hiroshima and Nagasaki are rather close to the minimum. It would not be impossible to make something with even more power. Of course, as it grows larger, there will be difficulties in its structure, so it may be difficult in practice to make such a large one. But instead, the quantity could be increased by orders of magnitude with the development of technology and the expansion of facilities.
The above is the production of the atomic bomb itself, but when it comes to the method of using this, it seems that there will be further changes in the future. In the case of Hiroshima and Nagasaki, both B-29s were used to carry them to their destinations by high-altitude flights, but it will not be impossible to interfere with such airplanes in the future. What if we set this on a rocket that was faster than the sound speed, such as the German V-2, and fired it at its destination? The automatic arrival of such rockets in the center of the target city can be achieved with the development of today's Western technology. And for things like V-2 that fly over 160 kilometers and fall at a speed of 1600 US per second or more, they arrive before the sound can be heard. There is no defense. And the reach of this rocket is currently about 300 kilometers, but it must be seen that it will be further extended in the future. If such a thing is driven in, modern cities in Europe and the United States will probably be destroyed in an instant. Therefore, the damage situation in Hiroshima and Nagasaki is probably peculiar to Japanese cities today, but it can be said that it suggests the fate of tomorrow's Western cities. As a defense against this, it is a good idea to explode using radio waves or other rays, but that is not possible at present and it is unlikely that it will be possible in the near future.
Therefore, as long as you prepare 10,000 such developed atomic bombs and have a ship to carry them to your destination, the country will be extremely short after the start of the war, regardless of whether the motive is correct or not. Eradication of the cities of the other country in time is a problem that can be realized, not a dream. Of course, making even one such atomic bomb requires a great deal of technical and economic power, so I don't know if it is possible today to make 10,000. However, in the United States, which succeeded in producing an atomic bomb, we do not know it today, and the future will not be impossible.
What about countries other than the United States? Today, the principle of the atomic bomb is a matter of familiarity with each country. Therefore, an atomic bomb can be manufactured anywhere as long as it has sufficient technical and economic power, as well as uranium and other raw materials. You have to take time to get rid of it. According to newspaper reports, the study of the German nuclear bomb was not much different from that of the United States in the search for its principle, and reached a tentative conclusion in 1942. It is said that it was not possible to make it a bomb because it was powerless in terms of technology and economy. In other words, the success or failure of an atomic bomb does not depend on its scientific research today, but on the technical and economic capabilities of a single country. We must know that this is the reason why atomic bombs are not possible in any country. Therefore, even if there is a country that started its research immediately after the atomic bomb was dropped in Japan, it will take a considerable amount of time before it is actually manufactured because of technical and economic restrictions. It is a thing. Maj. Gen. Groves, the chief engineer of nuclear bomb production in the United States, has announced that it will take five to ten years for other countries to make atomic bombs. Even in Russia, which is often reported in newspapers about the progress of nuclear bomb research, it will take that much time. However, if left unchecked today, in five to ten years, at least two countries with atomic bombs, like the United States, will exist on Earth, making it extremely dangerous. It happens, and it drives us in fear all the time. If there is a conflict between such countries and it is about to develop into World War III, then human culture is truly endangered. This is not just a fantasy, it must be considered as a real problem in the light of today's international situation. Therefore, from a humanitarian point of view and from the point of view of international peace, it is absolutely necessary to manage the atomic bomb and therefore establish a mechanism for world peace. If that is not possible, there will be no compensation for the peaceful use of nuclear energy.
From the standpoint of Japan, there is no time to look after anything other than striving to build a peaceful nation, but if a war occurs between the great powers, the innocent land will be used as a battlefield, and the atomic bomb will be overrun first. Must receive. As mentioned above, Japanese cities are disadvantageous to this. It must be taken for granted that we are keenly aware of the need for nuclear power management ahead of any other country.

[# 2 indentation] Three nuclear power management [# "Three nuclear power management" is a middle heading]

If so, how should this management be implemented? This is by no means an easy matter. Many serious opinions have been proposed on this matter. It can be said that it can be roughly divided into ideal theory and reality theory. The former is a coherent argument, but it has a pity that is difficult to carry out, and the latter will eventually hinder the ideal of building a peaceful nation that will strike the world and unite.
First of all, there is Einstein's proposal as an ideal theory. It establishes a world government with more organic bonds than the United Nations, and gives it the secret of the atomic bomb to control nuclear power. Then, the Soviet Union is entrusted with the drafting of the constitution of the nation that unites this world, and based on the draft, the United States, the United Kingdom, and the Soviet Union will make a decision after debating with one representative each. In particular, the reason for drafting the Soviet Union is to dispel the suspicion that the country does not know the secret of the atomic bomb. Deuterium discoverer and influential collaborator in the production of the atomic bomb, Urey of the United States, has proposed a similar but slightly different opinion. That is, what they emphasize is that not only atomic bombs, but all heavy weapons that cause great damage will be destroyed and their production will be banned in the future. And the power to enforce the ban is entrusted to an institution such as a powerful world government.
These are all really good ideas, but the Soviet-British controversy at the first historic United Nations General Assembly in London last February, the spy case on the atomic bomb in Canada, Also, just counting the recent removal of the former Japanese industrial facility in Manchuria of the Soviet Union, the disapproval of the United States for this, the postponement of the withdrawal of the Red Army from Iran, and the shooting of Soviet fighters near Dalian on US Navy aircraft, this is all right. It is known that the world government proposed by such people is not the air that can be established.
The next plan is to give the United Nations the secret of the atomic bomb and manage it so that it will not be used in the war, but the scientists said that they also have an atomic bomb from the standpoint of incompleteness. I also disagree with the fact that it is dangerous to let them do it. But real-life politicians are poised to force the United Nations to manage nuclear power. That is, this was agreed at the Moscow Conference between the US, British and Soviet Foreign Ministers at the end of last year, and the Nuclear Power Management Committee on January 4th will be established after being approved at the United Nations General Assembly. became. Representatives of twelve countries, including Canada, are selected as members of the Security Council. However, the governing board is breaking up in London without making any decisions. Rather, at the Moscow meeting mentioned above, it was announced that the following four articles had been resolved regarding nuclear power management. ("Asahi" December 29, 2008)
[# Indent one character from here, indent and indent two characters]
1. To exchange basic scientific information with a peaceful purpose for the people of the world.
2. Guarantee the use of atomic energy for peaceful purposes
Third, eliminate weapons that would cause a large amount of ruin from the military of the nation.
4. Take effective measures to prevent violations of the nuclear bomb management agreement
[# End of indentation here]
It is a matter of great interest in how these resolutions will be implemented in the future, and if this is done literally, it would truly bring about the well-being of humankind, but in the international atmosphere as mentioned above, The realization seems doubtful. Especially in the United States, there is a strong argument that the secret of the atomic bomb should never be leaked to others, and when Secretary of State Burns of the United States departs for London to attend the United Nations General Assembly, the Nuclear Control Committee said The United States cannot request scientific information that it does not voluntarily provide, and if it tries to obtain this kind of information forcibly, the United States can exercise its denial right, and the Security Council can use this kind of information. Even if it does not vote for the exchange of information, it declares that the degree of participation in this will be a decision of the United States Parliament, and at the United Nations General Assembly, the Nuclear Control Committee has the power to force the United States to disclose the secret of the atomic bomb. It states that there is no such thing. Considering that these are just reflections of American public opinion, the atomic bomb should be said to be an American monopoly for the time being.
However, if you think about it, this situation may rather be welcomed. Only the United States can manufacture an atomic bomb today. And this country is a country that loves peace and denies aggression. While such a country monopolizes the secrets of nuclear power, aggression will not be possible and thus world peace will be preserved. In other words, as a police nation in the world, the United States has the ability to suppress national misconduct and maintain international peace by supporting the power of the atomic bomb. Instead, if there is something wrong with America's own actions, it will buy grudges all over the world, so it is absolute to have a high degree of moral advantage commensurate with the power of the atomic bomb. It becomes a necessary condition. If this can be achieved, the promotion of world peace and culture can be fully planned by maintaining good liaison and coordination with the United Nations.
However, this is the story of Maj. Gen. Groves five to ten years from now, and after that, we must think that a country with an atomic bomb will appear like the United States. Then things will not be easy. We need to prepare for it now. If so, what should I do? There may be various opinions on this, but I think it is necessary for me to develop the United Nations as much as possible in the last five to ten years and to reach the establishment of the world government that Einstein calls. think. And when that powerful thing was made, as Urey said, and like the resolution of the Moscow talks, not only the atomic bomb but also the weapons that should cause a large amount of destruction were discarded, and the production was banned and it was true. Peace should be established.
That is, five to ten years from today is the most important time, and it should be considered that the world is at the crossroads of achieving lasting peace or the destruction of human culture. In particular, as mentioned above, Japan is inevitably destroyed in the event of a war, and from this point of view, we must do our utmost to cooperate in the achievement of the International Peace Organization. As a defeated nation today, Japan is not allowed to beak on international issues, so we have made every effort to complete a society or national organization aiming for the extinction of war and international peace in Japan. I have to do it. There is so much we have to do to do that. That is, we must first establish a voluntary peaceful nation with content. Only then can we reach out to international issues.
However, if I am allowed, I would like to propose as a scientist at this time. It is to form a non-war alliance of scientists and engineers internationally to prevent scientists and engineers from being involved in the war of aggression and being used for it. Today's scientific war cannot occur unless scientists and engineers from around the world cooperate in the war. I would like to somehow create such an organization and contribute to the establishment of world peace.
The above theory may be just an ideal theory, but there will be no progress without efforts toward the ideal. Only when eternal peace is achieved will the precious sacrifices lost in Hiroshima and Nagasaki emerge.
[# Raise one letter from the ground] ("Remodeling" April 1946)
[# Raise one letter from the ground] The text is based on "Nuclear Power and Me" published by Gakufu Shoin.



Bottom book: "Postwar Japanese Thought System 1 Departure of Postwar Thought" Chikuma Shobo
July 1, 1968 (Showa 43) First edition first edition issued
July 1, 1976 (Showa 51) First edition 10th edition issued
Parent of the original: "Nuclear power and me" Gakufu Shoin
1950 (Showa 25)
First appearance: "Modification"
April 1946 (Showa 21)
* The explanation by the editor at the beginning is omitted.
Input: Hiroshi Shida
Proofreading: Keiichi Araki
Created on September 1, 2015
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
