Hachi-chan who swallowed a go stone
Takeo Arishima

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Eight "ya" -chan

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Work hard | Be serious and serious
-------------------------------------------------- -----

Hachi-chan tried to take all the black and white stones with both hands and put them under the crotch, so I got angry.
"Hachi-chan, that's me."
Even so, Hachi-chan keeps snatching my eyes and snatching my stones, so I replaced it regardless. Then Hachi-chan cheekyly scratched my cheek. No matter how much my mother says that Hachi-chan is a younger brother, she's cute, but if Hachi-chan catches her cheeks, I'll be sick, so I'll leave it to her. I scratched my little nose. When the tip of my finger touched my eye, I was a little worried, even though I was scratching it. I thought I would cry as soon as I got scratched. I thought it would be nice to do that, so I scratched it. Hachi-chan came to me without crying. I folded my thrown legs, lifted my hips, scratched my hands, and came in silently, so I aimed at my plow and scratched Hachichan's dumpling nose again. It was. Then Hachi-chan had a strange face in his face for a while, but suddenly he shook his hips and started crying in a loud voice that made my chest scream. ..
I felt good, I rubbed another Hachichan's cheek peta, and hurriedly struck the go stone "Goishi" that had fallen on Hachichan's footsteps "Ashimoto". Then, the old woman who was sewing the kimono while basking in the sun over the room turned her face with glasses to her and glared with her upper eyes. While finding
"Make me cry again, isn't my brother bad?
However, since Hachi-chan flutters his legs and cries to death, he suddenly stands up and picks up Hachi-chan. Auntie is the one who feeds Hachichan, so she always helps Hachichan. And
"Oh, sorry, where are you? It's a really bad brother. Oh, I'm sorry for the worms under my eyes." If you don't ask, I'll tell your mother. "
Who 《sauce》 excuses Hachichan? Hachi-chan is bad if you start. I kept silent and stared at my auntie.
While holding the spine of Hachi-chan, who was crying, she gently tapped her, soothing Hachi-chan, and continuing to say something to me, but I couldn't help but apologize. If I didn't do Ayama, I would finally
"That's it, Goza. Hachi-chan, I'll give you all the old women later, so I'm not crying anymore, good boy. Hachi-chan is a treasured item of my grandmother. Spleen >> Don't play with your brother, come by your grandmother. You're an unpleasant brother. "
However, I hurriedly tried to reach out to the go stones that I had gathered in a lump and grab a grab. I hurriedly put the lid on with both hands, but I picked up a little stone and took it to the place where I was sitting.
Normally, I would chase after her, and no matter what she said, she would replace it, but she said that there was an earthworm on Hachichan's face. I was worried about it, and when I thought that my mother would scold me for a while, I felt like putting up with the go stones even if they were taken. After all, there are a lot more go stones here than Hachi-chan, so I thought I should be arrogant. Then, in the middle of the room, I started to divide the stones into black and white and line them up on the tatami mats.
Hachi-chan was still crying with a sigh while being held by her knees. Even if the old woman gave her milk, she didn't try to drink it. Sometimes I remembered and made a loud voice. In the end, I was a little worried about the crying, and I started thinking that I shouldn't have had a fight with Hachichan. I remembered that Hachi-chan was smiling and holding a glass of go stones in his small hand, and I didn't need it. The little fist fluttered in front of my eyes.
Among them, when she sprinkled the go stones that she was holding on the tatami mat, Hachi-chan, who was crying, suddenly stopped crying and from her knees. I slipped down and started using it as a toy. When she sees it, she
"Play with adults like that. Auntie will hurry up and sew Hachichan's chan."
While saying that, I started sewing "sewing".
At that time, I tried to make a rabbit with white stones and a turtle with black stones. The turtle was made, but the rabbit was made so big that the tip of one ear wasn't enough. It would be fine if there were about ten more, but it can't be helped because Hachi-chan took it.
"Can you give me a white stone for eight-chan ten?"
I turned my face toward Hachi-chan when I tried to say it, but when I saw Hachi-chan who turned to the porch and used a go stone as a toy, it was strange to speak. I just quarreled, so I shouldn't have done anything good. So I had no choice but to break the rabbit and try to make it a little smaller. But then the turtle became bigger and too big, and even if the rabbit didn't fall asleep, the turtle seemed to win over the turtle. So I was in trouble.
I really wanted to give him a go stone that wasn't enough for Hachichan. Hachi-chan is still three and will soon forget, so I thought that if that happened, he might reach out with a round fist like the one I just mentioned.
"Hachichan"
I looked at him trying to say that.
Then Hachichan was playing around her ass, but she turned into a bright red face, shed tears in her eyes, opened her mouth wide, and worked hard on her hands and feet. I was fluttering. At first, I wondered if Kiyomasa-sama's beggar, Kojiki, was imitating money. Still, it was strange that the talkative Hachichan didn't speak. As a bonus, I took my hands to my mouth and tried to force it into my mouth. I'm not fooling around, but I'm getting serious. In the end, he turned his eyes white and black and began to vomit.
I'm getting creepy. I remembered that Hachi-chan suddenly got a scary illness. I'm loud,
"Auntie ... Auntie ... It seems that Hachichan got sick."
I shouted "Who". Then the old woman turned to her ass immediately, but she put her hand on Hachichan's shoulder and turned to herself, suddenly hurriedly, and then eight from behind. Embrace Chan
"What's wrong with Ohachi-chan? Open your mouth and look at it. Look at it. Look at it. Turn to the Ming dynasty ... Oh, you didn't swallow a go stone."
Speaking of which, he stiffened his fist and slammed Hachichan's spine in succession.
"Come on, vomit ... again ... what should I do ... Hachi-chan, vomit?"
Auntie picked up Hachi-chan on her lap and hit her in the spine again. I didn't know when I came, but I came to my grandmother's side and stood still looking down at Hachichan's face. Hachichan's face turned red enough to bleed. While stuttering and stuttering
"Brother you, go early and have a glass of water ..."
I jumped out to the porch without asking everyone and went to the kitchen. I thought that Hachichan's illness must be cured if I just gave him water. Then the old woman called again from behind.
"Brother water ... please go to your mother early and come early ..."
I stopped going to the kitchen, and this time I ran hard toward the living room.
Mother also opened the shoji and sewed quietly while basking in the sun. On that side, the hot water in the iron kettle was boiling with a nice sound.
It seemed strange to me that it was so quiet. I thought that Hachichan's illness might have already recovered. However, in my heart, "Uchi" was so nervous that I wanted to see it when I was playing, and I couldn't speak well.
"Mom ... Mom ... Hachichan ... I'm doing this ... Auntie is coming early."
However, I showed him while standing, imitating what Hachichan did. My mother looked at me with a smile, with a slightly dull eye, but when she saw me, she suddenly straightened her back, which had been folded in two.
"What happened to Hachi-chan?"
I worked hard ｜ Being serious,
"Yup"
I took the plunge and shook my head toward the front.
"Yeah ... Hachichan did this ... I got sick."
I imitated the same as before again. My mother looked at me and tried to laugh, but soon she turned into a worried face, hurriedly pulled out the needle that was in her head, put it in the needle, and hurriedly stood up and put on the apron. While striking the lint with both hands, I ran to the one with my auntie after me.
"Auntie ... what's wrong?"
Mother pushed me away and came to my grandmother's side and said, "You said."
"Hachi-chan is you ... Isn't it just a go stone?"
"Maybe I swallowed it."
Mother's voice was the voice when she got angry. Suddenly, I hugged Hachi-chan as if I was caught by an old woman, and while making a face that made me feel painful and irresistible, I often saw Hachi-chan moving his limbs.
"Shall I bring my ivory chopsticks with me ... and then stroke my throat ..."
"I don't think there was a thorn ... Brother, please go early and bring some water."
And I was able to see it. When she heard that, she stood up, but I thought she did so much for Hachi-chan, and because I was good at using it, I couldn't help her running. 》 I ran into the kitchen. However, it was faster for the old woman to look for the bowl and add water to it. I became sullen and clung to my aunt.
"I want to bring water. Mom gives me water ..."
"That's not the case."
Auntie made an angry voice, shook me with the hand of the person who did not have the bowl, and went to Hachichan. I didn't think the old woman was so powerful. I,
"I'll take my water with me."
I was angry and chased with crying, but I couldn't catch up with her until she handed it over to her mother. I didn't expect the old lady to be able to run so quickly without spilling water.
When the mother received the bowl from her grandmother, she took it to Hachichan's mouth. About half of the water spilled on the neck, but Hachi-chan was still able to drink it. Hachi-chan was distressed and suffered, trying to scratch her chest with both hands. Half of the "Fune" that I folded up in the bosom was half-faced. I'm dying for Hachi-chan to be really cute. I thought I must die if I suffered so much. I shouldn't die, but I thought I must die.
I had been regrettable until now, I suddenly became sad. When I saw that my mother's face was Masao, her hands were shaking, and Hachichan's face was crimson, and it didn't look like Hachichan's face at all, she seemed to be alone. I couldn't stand it and I cried.
Mother didn't realize that I started scratching, and was absorbed in taking care of Hachichan. The old woman was looking down at her mother and Hachichan's face sticking to each other, as if she was peeping into her knees.
Among them, when I thought that Hachichan had a surprised face when he let go of his hand on his chest, he suddenly made a loud voice as usual and burst into tears. Mom was absorbed in shrugging Hachichan. Auntie
"You passed, it was good."
 such as. I'm sure Goishi has gone into his stomach. My mom seemed to feel a little relieved. I was crying, but when I saw my mother, my eyes were full of tears.
At that time, as I suddenly remembered, my mother asked me to go to the doctor. Auntie and Hapyokopyo and Ikudo repeatedly bowed their heads and wiped their faces with their front hangers.
While crying for Hachi-chan, her mother looked tight and asked me to put a go stone as soon as possible. I felt like I was doing something bad, like being scolded, so I hurriedly put the go stones in a container, whether white or black.
Hachichan was laid on the bed. It didn't seem to hurt anywhere, and when I tried to avoid crying, I suddenly started crying as if I remembered something. And
"Now, it's okay, Hachi-chan. It doesn't hurt anywhere. I'm crying so weak. I'm gonna rub my mom, don't cry .... That brother."
I looked at me, but when I noticed that I was crying,
"Well, my brother is also a sissy."
While saying that, my mother also started crying. Even so, I hide my crying from me and make a wind that doesn't cry.
"Don't cry, my brother, please bring one of the futons here."
I was told. My mom cries, so I hide her crying, so I was worried that Hachichan would die, and if I did what my mom said, I thought that Hachichan might be saved. Immediately I went to get the troupe.
The doctor was not the white beard, but the one with the gold-rimmed kinbuchi's eyes. The young doctor was talking to his mother in a soft voice with a worried face while rubbing his belly and holding his hand. When the doctor returned, Hachi-chan fell asleep because of crying.
Mother was sitting still beside it. Hachi-chan sometimes seemed to have a scary dream and suddenly started crying.
That night I slept with my aunt. And my mom fell asleep beside Hachichan. My auntie sometimes wakes up and goes to Hachichan, so I fell asleep many times. When I thought about what happened to Hachi-chan, I was really lonely and sad.
I couldn't sleep even if I hit nine clocks. I was thinking that I couldn't sleep, but when I suddenly noticed it, it was already morning. I wonder if I fell asleep before I knew it.
"My brother's eyes awake"
Such a gentle voice was my ear 《Mimimoto》. Listening to my mother's voice warms my body. I was happy with my eyes wide open, and I turned to the person who unintentionally lay down and screamed. My mother dressed up there, tied her head clean, and smiled at me.
"Oh, Hachi-chan, I'm getting better. Go stones came out because I had a connection in the middle of the night .... But I'm really scared, so my brother will only use Go stones as a toy. Don't do it. Brother ... When Hachi-chan was bad, he was crying. You don't have to cry anymore. I'll give you the sweets you like best today. Let's get up. "
However, I put my hands on both sides of me and tried to hug him. I was dying to tickle, so I laughed out loud.
"Hachi-chan wakes up, when you make such a loud voice."
My mother made a slightly serious look, but soon after that she smiled and let me change my nightwear.



Bottom book: "Iwanami Bunko, 4 other editions" Iwanami Bunko, Iwanami Shoten
Issued the first revised edition on December 16, 1988 (Showa 63)
Parent of the bottom book: "A bunch of grapes" Sobunkaku
June 1922 (Taisho 11)
Input: Atsushi Suzuki
Proofreading: Takashi Jida
Published October 18, 2000
Revised November 18, 2005
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
