5th floor window
Three of collaboration
Uson Morishita

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]
"":ruby
(Example) Sticker << Glue >>

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) A little | Mischief << Naughty >>

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Numbers are JIS X 0213 area area number or Unicode, base page and number of lines)
(Example) * [# exclamation mark question mark, 1-8-78]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

[# 7 indentation] [# middle heading] 11 [# "11" is tate-chu-yoko] [# middle heading end]

"Let's chase after it. I don't think I'll go that far yet--"
Hasegawa, a detective novelist, took his eyes off the sticker on the wall, and suddenly said so and stepped toward the door. However, Detective Fuyuki seems to be thinking about something else,
"I'm chasing the trace"
While giving a reluctant reply
"It's very bad. Do you already know which one you went to? And-I-"
And, it ’s a proboscis that seems to be thinking about something.
"Is it something strange?"
Hasegawa, whose hips were broken, asked while returning his heels.
"Yes, I thought about it now, but I think that the man is glaring at the criminal and [#" Chito "is an emphasis mark]."
"Why! Didn't you even bring a weapon?"
"Weapon? Well, that's a question, but anyway, for the criminal, I think that the mischief is over. I'll kill myself and come to see the situation the next day. If it's just that, I'm too careful to make such a sticker. "
"But I think that this kind of mischief can be done with a side-dressed guy. Besides, I got on the elevator from the 4th floor yesterday, and I think I played a mischief in this room. But-- "
"In this room?"
Unexpectedly, Detective Fuyuki looked at the detective novelist's face with his eyes wide open.
"I don't feel like that--"
"Then, do you say that you were invited to come here and killed?"
"Well, that's right."
"Because there are no windows in this room."
"Well, you don't have to throw anything out of here. Speaking of 4:30, you can carry it after everyone has returned, and the next room is just below that room. If there. If no one was there, it wouldn't be impossible to throw it through the window on the fourth floor using the master key "Aikagi". "
"But then, there seems to be some trace of violence, but there are footprints, but nothing else?"
Detective Fuyuki looked around the room and on the floor and told him to deny the other person's words.
"Sometimes you don't even get a drop of blood, depending on how you hit it, saying that there are no traces. And this is something you don't know without asking your doctor, or you can use an anesthetic. I think I might have used it. In any case, I'm sure I used a method that the victim couldn't resist at all, otherwise someone would notice. "
"That's right, but it's a problem after killing."
"That's it. In your opinion, the assault is estimated to be about five minutes before we found the corpse, and it's about 4:20. Most of the building commuters leave. I don't think it's anything like carrying a crushed person because it's after that. Besides, that typist left the president's office at 3:30, and Kitagawa entered the president's office. It was 4:15 when I learned that there was no president, so where was the victim for nearly 20 minutes from that time? I think that is a big question. I think. Moreover, when Segawa left the president's office, there was a person who knocked on the door, so he came out fortunately. Then, perhaps the victim met someone at that time, or with him. You must have left the room. If you went out with me at that time, it would be where you were from 3:30 to 4:30. It is doubtful that no one has seen it. Isn't it? "
“…………”
Detective Fuyuki nodded one big thing instead of replying. The situation is like keeping silence and listening to the opinions of the other party. Hasegawa keeps going and keeps saying.
"I wonder if there is any explanation there. I think that's the problem. So, as you might imagine, I have an accomplice and I'm good at it with two people. I think it was just a job that I held my breath here and later pretended to have fallen out of the window. "
"I see. So what do you think about this sticker?"
"That's right. Mischief is a mischief, but even so, it can't be considered a mischief of someone who has nothing to do with it. After all, a person who has nothing to do with the incident cannot do such a mischief at risk. Well, if you find it, it's not free. And I've said this, but some criminals don't want to do this. I think it's a kind of pride to make fun of you after the crime. Anyway, I think it's the work of the person involved in the case-the criminal or the accomplice. More specifically, the story goes back and I didn't need the weapon I used for the mischief or I brought with me to use it, so I left it in this room to clean up the corpse and hurriedly escaped. Therefore, I think that I would have done such a mischief while I came to get it back. The man I mentioned earlier certainly hides something like a ginger stick under the cloak. What I was doing "
"It's a pretty interesting estimate because of your profession."
Detective Fuyuki has a proboscis that doesn't seem to impress him.
"But if you killed here, you wouldn't know why you brought the corpse there, because that wound wasn't the one that fell through the window."
"No. I used to think that way, but when I think about it, I don't think there is any wonder about the scratches."
"Why?"
"Why, no matter where you drop it, you must have touched the ledges on the first and second floors once, so when you drop it to the ground, you shouldn't get a lot of scratches. It was said that the direction was different from the wound on the shoulder, but what if you think of it as a fatal wound on the back of the head and a wound on the shoulder that hits the bulge? "
"HM--"
Detective Fuyuki drew wrinkles on his eyebrows.
"Then you might be told that there might be some traces on that bulge, but if you put it on your shoulders, it wouldn't make sense to have blood stains because it's through your clothes. Then, wouldn't that be erased? "
"But I think the position of the corpse was strange for that."
"No, I could see the position of the corpse from the window on the fifth floor, so it's no wonder."
"Eh? Did you see it?"
"I could see it. The elevator boys and the guys in the office were all looking from the window."
"Uh ... Then my thoughts will be overturned ..."
Detective Fuyuki tilted his head and told him to moan with a grin on his face.

[# 7 indentation] [# middle heading] 12 [# "12" is tate-chu-yoko] [# middle heading end]

When Detective Fuyuki and detective novelist Hasegawa are talking in a room in the S Building, Detective Okita, a colleague and senior of Detective Fuyuki, is at a dull pace, Hanzomon Hanzomon. From "Zoumon" to Miyakezaka "Miyakezaka", I was walking around the moat end "Horibata" while being blown by the cold wind.
Recently, he didn't feel any interest in his work, and sometimes he even wanted to change his profession. Especially today, today, I hated the job of being a detective. I don't think I'm old enough yet, but I'm still seven or eight years older than Detective Fuyuki, and I'm about to reach fifty, so a detective that young people can take advantage of. In society, it can't be helped to say that it is old.
The eldest son has graduated from junior high school and is about to take a high school exam. The youngest child will also graduate from elementary school this April. Even though I thought I was fine, when I looked back on my surroundings, I was still old. Besides, I thought that my job was just a job, and I could make it myself if I couldn't beat the younger ones. Until a few years ago, no matter what kind of incident I encountered, there was a competitive spirit of shit, and I had a hump, and I wanted to do a difficult job myself. , That kind of energy doesn't happen in this section. I think so myself, so it's no wonder that the people around me don't deal with me. -
In this case as well, the chief and chief allowed Detective Fuyuki to do free activities, but he was trying to give orders and use them as if he were dealing with a young person who was inexperienced. Of course he was dissatisfied with it, but he didn't have the courage to bring in a protest against it.
He went to the scene with the chief judiciary and detective Fuyuki last night, and from there he was sent to the factory with a young detective, and he met the foreman Masumoto | Junkichi and was a defect among the dismissed workers. Once I got the list of molecules, I no longer walked through the obscure suburban towns for a while to find out those workers, called the police station and returned home. It was close to two o'clock.
I couldn't sleep slowly just because it was late the night before, and when I rubbed my sleepy eyes and went to the station earlier than usual, the chief and the chief judiciary refused to listen to my report, and Detective Fuyuki's last night From the activity, he talked about the investigation policy for a long time, and was ordered to visit the victim's bereaved family soon and grab some material.
If possible, he wanted to continue the investigation the night before. Even if I had a hard time, I felt like I could get some clues, and from my long experience, it seemed that it was the way to look at the bad workers. It didn't feel good to him that he was sent to the bereaved family's investigation, leaving it as a bum, even though the investigation policy had changed. But if there is an order, there is no way. As he was told, he visited Nishimura's house in Motozonocho. Then, my wife was overwhelmed and said that she couldn't visit her because she had been on the floor since last night, and she met a daughter named Takako, but she didn't understand anything about it, and her relatives were rushing. No matter who I asked, I couldn't find any clues, and what I finally learned was the same as what I heard from the chief engineer and employees at the scene last night.
"This isn't a clue, it's not a report.-The chief or chief just makes a no [#" no "emphasis mark] face."
While turning away from the dust that blew up with the air breeze, he would have muttered with his heart every time from a while ago. It's been more than two hours since I left the station. In the meantime, we do not know what new facts have been discovered and how they have changed the investigation policy. If the criminal's eyes were to be taken, even one person would want a manpower. However, he didn't feel like calling the station or jumping on the train and withdrawing.
When he went down Miyakezaka and came under the General Staff (former Army General Staff), he suddenly remembered Inspector Konishi at the Metropolitan Police Department. A colleague who served in the police world almost at the same time, he was brighter than pickpockets and gambling, and he has been around the police station for more than ten years. He is a man who has not moved the Metropolitan Police Department and has been sung as a police inspector of a powerful criminal until he passed the examination test two years ago. Helped by the fact that he hadn't seen Konishi for a while and he didn't want to go back to the station, he came up with the idea of selling oil to the Metropolitan Police Department.
It wasn't enough to get on the train anymore. After passing through Sakuradamon, he walked through the square in front of Miyagi to the temporary government building of Babasakimon, a little faster than before. Then, when I went down the long corridor to the front of the powerful criminal's room and tried to touch the door,
"Isn't it Okita-kun!"
There was a voice calling from behind. When I turned around, Konishi in uniform, who might have come out of the next chief's office, approached me in a ridiculously energetic manner, wiping his fat red face with a towel.
"It looks like you're still busy."
"Yeah, I'm busy. I can't finish it. I've just brought a gift" Butu "from the morning. Well, come in. Just right, I'm about to take a break."
"Are you pickpocketing?"
"Yeah, it's a dry baby from Isogain. When I mentioned it the other day, I was still old enough to let it go, but before I knew it, it became full-fledged-see, this That's right. "
Inspector Konishi opened the door and pointed to a pile of goods on the desk on the right side of the entrance.
There is a clock. There is a folded leather bag. There are women's accessories and handbags. All of them are quite gold.
"Are you a box master, are you coming and going?"
"I'll do both, but well, it's at the station. It seems that the buildings there have been ruined a lot these days."
"Umu"
Detective Okita heard that it was a building, and suddenly I felt like I was stabbed somewhere in my heart. At the same time, while casually pulling the black leather bag on the desk to my hand, I thought that I stared at the two initials that were disappearing on the right side of the metal fittings.
"Oh!"
Shouted.

[# 7 indentation] [# middle heading] 13 [# "13" is tate-chu-yoko] [# middle heading end]

"I found a great one!"
Detective Okita is watching as if he sticks to the acronym struck in the bag's cover lid.
"What is it? What is the great thing?"
Inspector Konishi, who was surprised by his crazy voice, asked as if he was looking into it.
"This must be this bag. It's my case. It's the S Building."
"Um. I heard, I heard. Is there anything to do with that bag?"
"It's a big deal. This is the victim's bag. I was looking for it because I couldn't see it from the victim's room. According to the employee tomorrow, there was 2,000 yen in cash in it. It is. "
"Well, that's it. But must it be this bag?"
"There is no doubt. The YN that is typed in here is the initial of Yokichi Nishimura. Actually, I just visited the bereaved family and investigated it, but there is no doubt because I said that this is the landmark. Please wait. Let's check it just in case. "
Detective Okita picked up the black leather bag of the box that was misaligned and looked inside while opening the cover lid, but when he took out one envelope, he said.
"No doubt. There is a letter addressed to the victim | What are you saying? What is that pickpocket?"
"Isn't it called" Tomeko "?"
"Are you listed?"
"Yeah, I'm in jail. I'm about to take a break and then look it up."
"Thank you for that. Would you please witness me and ask me about this bag?"
"It's cheap. If it has something to do with the murder, you can't wait. Let's investigate it now. But wait, I have to take a break."
Inspector Konishi turned to the young detective sitting at the desk near the entrance while returning to his seat.
"Tayama-kun, please pull out the foreigner. Room 4 should be vacant."
Then I took out the smoke tube and the cigarette holder from the drawer, and picked up the bag in question while sucking in a few clothes in a hurry.
As soon as the two entered the room, Detective Tayama brought in a white young man who seemed to be twenty-three or four.
"Rokuko"
Inspector Konishi started asking "Jinmon" in a tone that was as if he was talking to a friend.
"This time, I'm going to eat for a couple of years, so I'll take the trouble to clean everything up. What's the newest place?"
"Where is my husband, isn't the place where I was caught the newest?"
The person who was asked was also shy.
"Well, I got one. Apart from that. Did I make some money yesterday?"
The pickpocketing resident was looking at the face of Inspector Konishi for a while while squirming, but did he already think that he would meet the second pursuit?
"My husband is also bad. I put that in front of me and ask-I can't help it. Let's say that the bag is new."
"That's right. Where did you get it?"
"I was a little disappointed at the S Building yesterday evening."
Detective Okita swallowed a sigh. He even wanted to be willing to ask.
"Isn't it the president's office of Nishimura, the fifth floor of the S Building?"
"You know well. Husband."
"You know. Then, did you have 2,000 yen in cash?"
"Hey * [# exclamation mark question mark, 1-8-78]"
Tokuko had a stunned face as if he had been beaten on his cheeks.
"Shirabakure [#" Shirabakure "is an emphasis mark]. It seems that there was a wad of 2,000 yen in it. "
"Jo, it's not a joke. Is there a wad of bills? I didn't even have a bitasen."
"I don't know if I spit mud later."
The voice of the inspector became louder.
"Who is a lie or something like a lie? Husband, this is still the case [#" Ashi "is an emphasis mark] is an Edo kid."
"Hmm, it's a good Edo kid. And then, why did you enter that president's office, leaving money behind?"
"That's right. Well, I guess I wasn't there. Well, it was a little before four o'clock. I came to the S building thinking that I might have something to pick up. I was wandering down the elevator on the third floor. However, there is nothing, so when I went up the stairs from the 4th floor to the 5th floor, a man who just got off the elevator stood in front of the door across the line and was doing it steadily. [# Aside from "Ashi"] passed in front of it, and when he turned around casually trying to turn left in the hallway, the man who was hitting the door and another man turned the hallway in the opposite direction. I'm going to the stairs. So, when I turned back and looked through the keyhole, there was no one inside and it was on the table. In addition, when I pushed the door, it opened without any reason, so I thought it was good [# "good" as an emphasis mark], so I brought it in quickly. However, since the time is the time, I couldn't open it on the way, and I was surprised when I came to my house and opened it. .. I don't think there's such a ridiculous thing that's wrong these days. All in all, yesterday was a barge [# "emphasis mark"]. Tende-- "
"It's a guy who talks a lot. You can say something extra. Rather, I'll ask you again, but maybe you pulled out the money on the way and took it to the bank."
"My husband, I have a lot of jokes. If I had cash" raw "for 2,000 yen, who would make money this morning? I won't heal my friends. "
"That's right. It's not that good to pickpocket."
Inspector Konishi said with a laugh, but it was neither irony nor ridicule. From my many years of experience dealing with such criminals, I fully admit that the other person's words are true, but I am quite persistent because the stolen item is an item and the place is only the place [# "emphasis mark"] Detective Okita, who was on the sidelines, knew well that he was asking.
In fact, if you get 2,000 yen in cash, you may not be able to earn money the next day, or you may leave the bag as evidence. On the other hand, I don't think he's lining up the bullshit because he's left by mouth, judging from the attitude of the foreigner who talks fluently. Moreover, it is hard to imagine that he pushed the victim out of the window to steal his bag. Then, the statement may be accepted as a fact as it is. I have other questions to ask. -I want to know who the man who took the victim out. I wish I could ask myself-I thought that, and I thought that Detective Okita was standing in a hurry, and whether or not he thought that, Inspector Konishi, who opened his mouth again, happened to touch on the problem. Inspector.
"Okay, so first of all, what kind of man was the man who got off the elevator and knocked on the door when you went upstairs?"
Detective Okita, as I often say, looked like a nervous person and glared at the mouth of the foreigner. However, he looked back at the inspector's face with his eyes fluttering, as if he was asked something unexpected.
"Don't you remember? What kind of appearance is the man? What kind of clothes did you wear?"
"That's right. He was a man like a craftsman. He wore a thick cloak with a toriuchi crown on his collar."
"Face?"
"Now, I was from behind, so I just glanced at my profile, but I looked a little like my husband."
"Hey, I don't want to say anything that looks like me. I'll tell you more about it. Is it a round face?"
"Yes, it was like a round face. It's about the age of my husband."
At that time, Detective Okita suddenly spoke out from the sidelines.
"Isn't there a beard, isn't it a dark beard?"
"Are you a beard?"
Because he was too out of the ordinary and the tone of his words was sudden, he seemed to be disappointed, and he was angry for a while,
"Oh yeah, there was definitely a beard."
"I'm sure. Isn't it a misunderstanding?"
"It's okay. I remember it well because it looked scary at first glance."

* * * * *

"How is it? Do you have a clue?"
When I left the room, Inspector Konishi immediately said so and asked.
"Yeah. Thanks to that, it seems that I have a rough idea."
"Who are you?"
"I'm the foreman of a factory run by the victim. I met him last night. I didn't say a word about it. I had to pull it in and look it up. I'm grateful to you someday, but I'm sorry for this today. No, thank you very much. "

[# 7 indentation] [# middle heading] 14 [# "14" is tate-chu-yoko] [# middle heading end]

Detective Okita when he entered the Metropolitan Police Department and Detective Okita when he came out had a different view. The color of my eyes was shining. The whole face was shining. Of course, even the walking of the legs was different.
Clothes with a tight collar, round beard face, dark beard. Isn't that the face of Foreman Masumoto, who I met at the Nishimura Electric Factory last night? There are also words from foreigners that give the impression of being scary at first glance. It looks like he has a habit.
It is strange that when Masumoto met last night, he didn't say a word that he visited the person an hour ago, knowing that the president had died. Besides, if what he said is not a lie, it is not just a matter of visiting the president and taking him outside without entering the room.
Is it the criminal? Is it an accomplice? ――In any case, he is a man who should be accused. Even if you make a mistake, you can get some clues.
When he visited Nishimura's bereaved family, he was pleased with his good luck, remembering that he glanced at Masumoto's crested haori. He must have come to help with his condolences. Let's say I'm going to return to Motozonocho and pull it. Then, let's reveal the nose of the chief of the chief and the chief judiciary who thinks of himself as an old man.
When he came to the intersection of Hibiya 《Hibiya》 with his feet in the air as if he had already caught the criminal, he stopped the taxi passing by from the cage and hurried to Motozonocho.
Masumoto wasn't particularly surprised when he saw Detective Okita's face. When asked to accompany him, he didn't show an unpleasant face, and once he entered the house and came out with his hat in his hand, he got into the car as it was, wearing the crested hakama clothes.
The case was an incident, and the other party was the only one, and Detective Okita tried not to touch the problem until he arrived at the police station. Masumoto also had a calm face, but he seemed to think about something in his heart and barely opened his mouth.
When the car stopped in front of the XX station, Detective Okita struck the bottom of Gamaguchi and paid the fare, brought Masumoto to a room on the second floor, and went to the chief's office for the time being. It was.
Of course, the chief was very happy. Rather, he was surprised that it was a miracle that Detective Okita overtook the chief judiciary and the agile detective Fuyuki to pull in the most influential suspects.
It was decided to investigate immediately, and the two went upstairs. The chief faced Masumoto inside a small table, and Detective Okita sat down to the right of the chief. If you look at the dings between a foreman with an extraordinarily large body, a foreman who is fat and not very physiognomy, and detective Okita who is thin, you can see it from the side. If anyone had, it must have been a very rare contrast.
"You are the foreman of the Nishimura Electric Factory, right?"
The chief asked from the front, looking down at Masumoto with a quirky voice.
"Yes, I am the foreman."
Masumoto answered quietly.
"Did you visit President Nishimura at S Building around 4 pm yesterday?"
The chief, who was in the criminal section of the Metropolitan Police Department until his dismissal this summer and swallowed the knack of investigating the suspect [# "emphasis mark"] too much, saw the quirky Masumoto and went straight to it. First of all, I came up with a tactic to overwhelm the enemy. However, the other party didn't seem to move at all.
"Yes. I thought maybe that was the question."
Masumoto was waiting to be asked, so while looking at Detective Okita,
"When I saw him last night, I thought I'd talk a lot, but I thought I shouldn't say anything extra, so I was silent. Needless to ask. It's hard to talk on the phone. I was able to make an urgent call, and it was a little before 4 pm, I visited the president at the office. "
"What is a difficult task to talk on the phone?"
"I went to consult because there was a little disturbing situation due to the problem of the workers."
"Did you meet the president after going to the office?"
The chief hung a little sickle.
"Yes, I met you."
"Did you meet in the president's office?"
"No, it wasn't convenient in the president's office, so I called outside and finished the talk in the vacant room on the fourth floor."
The answer was smooth and there was no stagnation. Both the chief and detective Okita have become somewhat unexpected.
"What kind of talk did you meet? Tell me in detail about the circumstances that brought out the president. If that is not clear, your position will be very disadvantageous."
"I know that well, so I was thinking about telling this person last night, but the situation is a little complicated, so I refrained from doing so, but if you ask me, I can't help it. Let's do it-- "
Foreman Masumoto said so and took a breather, and started talking with a calm and selfish attitude as usual.
"It's unavoidable to say in detail, but due to this recession and business slump, I cut the shoulders of about 20 workers at the end of last month. , They brought up a request for a consolation fee of 10,000 yen, and if they couldn't accept it, they started a movement to embrace the remaining people and strike. What such a movement and threats? I'm not surprised by Mr. Nishimura, but the only problem I had was that one of the remaining workers couldn't handle it at all. He is a follower of socialist thought, and he has the shoulder of a dismissed worker, so I repeatedly told Mr. Nishimura to cut off his sword, but that was also a strange relationship with Mr. Nishimura. There was a situation that I couldn't take the plunge, and it was finally over to get on the chart. However, Mr. Nishimura was such a stubborn person, and the negotiations with the workers were completely left to me. I didn't hit him directly, so I didn't seem to care much about it, but as I met the workers in the morning and evening, the situation was so disturbing that I couldn't fall asleep for the past few days or night. However, it was past noon yesterday, and the clouds were suspicious, and the workers seemed to be unable to get the job, and I think it was a problem because they gathered here and there and mumbled. Sure enough, there was one representative of the dismissed worker after two o'clock and two representatives of the remaining workers-one of them has a strange relationship with Mr. Nishimura, who I just talked about, but to my room I came over and brought up a strong talk about whether to return to work or 10,000 yen. I, of course, flatly repelled it. Then, "I don't know Kisama, directly Nishimura. I'm going to talk to him. If I don't know, I'll beat him to death. " So, if I thought about it, I also jumped out after the trace. At that time, I thought that I would call it, but since the workers are wandering around, it is awkward to make a call, so I have to meet and talk with it anyway. I rushed out to the train street, but I couldn't see the three of them. I thought I was probably on the train, so I came from the cage. I jumped on a car (bus) -yes, I think I arrived at the S Building a little before four o'clock. I jumped into the elevator in a hurry, but I don't feel like they're coming. So, when Mr. Nishimura came out by hitting the door, he took him out of the room and went down to the fourth floor. That is, because of concerns that they should come during the talks. Then, Mr. Nishimura said that the story in the corridor was strange, and he said that there was a vacant room, and when he pushed the door, it opened without any reason, so it took five minutes to enter there-or maybe more. No, but I talked and broke up. "
"Did Nishimura then go up to the fifth floor again?"
"I don't know that, because I thought I'd come out with him, and I came out a little earlier."
"So, didn't you meet the three?"
"I wasn't feeling well when I met, so I went through the stairs to the back door, so I didn't meet anyone."
"So, what kind of man is that addicted to that principle?"
"I'm a man named Shinjiro Funaki."
"Shinjiro Funaki?"
The chief of the station shook his neck a little while
"What is your age?"
"I think it's twenty-eight or nine."
"Is that the man who had the club?"
"That's right. I think it was a three-shaku oak stick."
"Hmm--. By the way, what is the relationship between Funaki and Mr. Nishimura?"
"That's a little difficult to say--"
Masumoto was reluctant to answer for the first time.
"It's an important case to say that it's hard to say. Say it as it is!"
The chief of the station was about to call out his own voice.
"It can't be helped. Actually, no one knows except him and me, but-Funaki is Nishimura's mistress's younger brother."
"Hmm. Is it my mistress's younger brother-so?"
"Mr. Nishimura first dropped the butterfly, Mr. Cho, without knowing about Funaki. However, Funaki came out later and brought in trouble, so Mr. Nishimura. I left it to me, but after all, as I said, I can't handle it because of a rash of a scholar, and I'm not happy with Mr. Nishimura. I had no choice but to get rid of the air in the factory. Therefore, when I fired about 20 people last month, I told Mr. Nishimura that I would give him a little extra allowance and get rid of it together. For Mr. Nishimura, the rest was troublesome again, and he didn't say yes, it was left as it was. "
"I see .-- By the way, was it something special that Funaki wasn't happy with Mr. Nishimura?"
"A special circumstance-when was it when I drank with me. I used to raise the meter and swear, but after all, I was the only one who was a scholar. It seems that it is not interesting that her sister is Nishimura-san's mistress. In order to release her sister, she says that if she has an opportunity, she will beat Nishimura, so I will greet her later. I told you, but I can't handle those who are young and twisted. "
"Hmm ... So, is that Funaki going to the factory today?"
"Since my house is very close, I went out to the factory this morning, but it seemed to be coming."
"What about another man?"
"I think it was coming too."
"HM--"
The chief thought so while saying so.



Bottom book: "Window on the 5th floor" Shunyo Bunko, Shunyodou Bookstore
First edition issued on October 25, 1993 (Heisei 5)
First appearance: "Shinseinen" Hakubunkan
July 1926 (Taisho 15) issue
* This work is the third series of relay works by six authors from the May to October 1926 issue of "Shinseinen".
Input: Snow Forest
Proofreading: Shoko Tomita
Created April 26, 2019
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (https://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
