Hard work
Isota Kamura

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) First time "Karisome"

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Sakiko |

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Numbers are JIS X 0213 area area number, or original page and number of lines)
(Example) * [# "Mouth + Dirty Making", Level 3 1-15-21] << Easy >>

/ \: Double dance character (repeated symbol in the shape of a vertically lengthened "ku")
(Example) My legs are fluttering / \
* Double the dance character with dakuten is "/" \ "
-------------------------------------------------- -----

It was impossible for me to think that it was the first cold of Karisome. At last, he got feverish at 39 degrees, and Keiichiro had to take a break from the sake newspaper company in Hamamachi, where he works. While I was lying on the floor and being sickened by the heat, I was constantly terrified that it would hurt my husband's mood. On the morning of the third day, the express delivery of the call came. I pleaded that I would come to work as soon as it fell into the heat, but when I thought about it, I couldn't help but spill tears of regret.
"Let's go out"
Keiichiro came out of Zafu, but his legs were swaying / \ and he felt dizzy and fainted.
Chitose harassed and grabbed his body and said, "Come on. You won't be able to do such an unreasonable thing." Keiichiro is re-introduced. I tried to make him lie.
"But I have to be a head hunter."
Chitoyo put his hand on his shoulder, and squeezed the pale melon sword, which was covered with a face, around his chest. * [# "Mouth + 穢" "Making", 3rd level 1-15-21] "Easy". "I'm really annoyed. I'm sorry ..."
"I can't cry. What's the pain like this!"
Keiichiro immediately hugged Chitosei and shook his back again. She buried her face deeper in his chest, and as soon as she clung to her, she breathed on her shoulders, and for a while she shook her face.
Drink a cup of cold Hiya's milk, put on a cloak on the 褞 袍, go out of the attic of the rice cracker shop "Senbeiya" in Shinsakagami, Morikawa-cho, and take a train from the front gate of the university. I went to. Then, Chitoyo, who was leaning against the telephone pole and saw him off, and Keiichiro also gazed at each other from the window of the conductor's arm, but they ate each other. I could see her little figure with a low-pitched conductor crossing the quiet railroad tracks, which was bathed in the beautiful late autumn sunlight without wind.
When I arrived at a company near Eitaibashi, I consulted with my husband, who was waiting for me, about the editorial on the front page of Akiyuki on November 20th. The master, who had a strong beard, wore a fading-colored flock. It is said that Ise Grand Shrine will be held in addition to attending the National Sake Product Review held in Osaka. After that, I visited the wholesalers of Hakutaka, Masamune, and Gekkeikan bottles, and wrote down the impressions that I had when the industry was frosted. I went out with a couple with a lid.
Keiichiro, who sent his husband and his wife to the genre, hurriedly returned to the editing room on the second floor. The work is tossed, and when I rub my elbows on the desk and rub my head with a dull pain / \, the maid is sick / \ ladder step 《Ladder step》 Came up.
"Mr. Oe, letter"
"Kiritsu communication?"
"Yes. From Haruko, I'm going to use Mr. Oe's way. Hitsuhitsuhi."
Keiichiro stood up and took it from the maid's hand * [# "To Hen +", 3rd level 1-84-80] << also >>. The fat maid with the traces of smallpox tried to make fun of Mashiyama, but when she saw his unfriendly face, she went downstairs. It was. Then, I heard a whispering voice with a maid and a laughing voice.
Keiichiro enjoyed the heart palpitations and stared at the overwriting of the envelope from his sister in his hometown with his bloodshot eyes.
It has been four months since Keiichiro left his wife and child in the distant countryside of Ygata and fell to Chitoyo. At the beginning, my sister sent me a letter almost three days later, and in it, my father's ghostwriter, who was not very good at writing, was repeatedly written. Every time he saw it, he was forgiven to repeat the sorrow of a reluctant blame for swallowing a needle. Because of the thought of being cut off, I sometimes didn't look at it and turned it into an anti-old "hogo". I rarely received replies, so my sister's message, "News," has been retired for a long time. Keiichiro was still impulsively attacked by the swelling and hesitated to open it, but I can't help but say that. He went to the entrance and looked at the shoji downstairs for a while, then closed the shoji and opened the letter.

[# Indent from here]
Nostalgic Tokyo brother. It was cold in the morning and evening, but would you like to move in without a break? When did you say that you shouldn't send a letter that afflicts your brother in the letter you received, but he said that he shouldn't do that, but both of them hurt his brother's heart. Even though I know enough, I can't help writing it no matter what. What do you want me to write from? I write too much. ......
My father has been suffering from a cold for a week and has been sick. With the addition of asthma, which is a chronic disease, the recent weakness is noticeable. Every day, Dr. Ando will come to see you and give you an injection of calcium. I'm always old, so I'm not worried about it. Every time I hear my father's painful coughing voice, I think that my life will be shortened. "I have to manage to get rid of Keiichiro while I'm alive," he said yesterday on his sickbed. When he crawls on his stomach and eats porridge, he suddenly thinks, "Keiichiro is going to take it," and he uses his father's fingers to chopsticks. Will fall down. At 12 o'clock in the evening, even at one time, the voice of the secret story of father and mother, "Hiso / \ Banashi," can be heard from the tatami room. Sometimes your brother should also give you a ladle of comfort that is kind to your father. This is my wish. I can't imagine how much my father would wait for his brother's letter. The father looks down at the delivery husband who is coming from the downstream, looking down on where to go from the orchard on that high hill. When the delivery husband comes to his house and tells me that it is a letter from his brother by beckoning me, my father is really crazy and comes back.迚 《Tote》 is also / \ Is it something that your brother's mystery can help you to understand?
Approximately after the older brother escaped from his own house, the darkness inside the house was completely extinguished. The back of the mountain, Keyakiyama, has also turned yellow and autumn is good / \, but the pity of mono no aware is felt as if I was only at home. The early rice is cut at last, and the rice fields are crowded at the time of harvesting the late rice. Although the old peasants are not so good, Tokiji and Yosaku are still hard to cut the price of tuned rice before the mortar mortar is also used. If it doesn't meet the demand, it's a sword that you shouldn't make a peasant. At the same time, I think that all of them are women and the elderly, so I look at them. "Even if I look at the rice fields or the mountains, I'll spill tears," says his father. The other day, my father told me about the hardships and hardships of his predecessor when he bought Ueda from Katada, who can sing in the song, saying that Tobi has no shadow. He said, "I'm not going to the grave of my predecessor," and at that time I was literally crying in dark tears. Fathers have a strong sense of responsibility for their ancestors because they are adopted children. Every time I hear the words of my father who can't live in the rice field forest, I can't help but resent my brother.
The other day, when my father went to Sugiyama over the blacksmith "Kajiya", the nasty Tazawa's master shifted the boundary stone to his own owner for two minutes. That's right. My father was scorned and regretted. "Keiichiro will not be here. The unfaithful hungry guy. Now the punishment will be punishing and my eyes will be closed." It was done. However, when the excitement went away, he said, "Oh, everything is a cause and effect. Let's give up on my mother .... I can't help it. I'll wait for Toshio's growth. "Monzoi" said, "Otsushiya."
Sakiko ｜ If you divorce 嫂 《Hey》 and return to your brother and Chitosei, you will be able to solve the problem. However, that does not allow Oe's family to be in law and to the world. Sakiko-sama screamed at the same time, saying that he would go to court, and if he didn't, he would wrap up his father with a bad matchmaker of quality. I will. I can't do it anytime. Why didn't I get along with Chitosei after officially parting from Mr. Takashi if I didn't like it? There's a problem because I'm doing such an unreasonable thing / \ I've become complex, and mutual emotions have come to me. Isn't there a way to get rid of the entanglement that can't be found now?
However, I will understand my brother's heart. When I think about the years of life that my brother and his brother have passed, I don't think this is the time when my brother came out. Or it may have been so terrifying that it was too terrifying. At some time in the kinship meeting, there were many proposals that Sakiko-sama should be divorced. He quickly sniffed it, and said that he would only get Toshio because he didn't need a single sentence, so he took Toshio and returned to the family. What's more, Toshio is a grandson who doesn't hurt his father's eyes. Without Toshio, Dad couldn't sleep at night. The father, along with his mother, went to the Sato family in Y town to apologize and brought him back to Toshio. Tatsuo will never let go of Toshio and his wife. It is cruel to let go. Isn't it awkward to be sick?
Toshiyan is so timid of sex that the neighbors are so far apart that he can't go out alone. When I see children of the same age playing in the rice fields and Kahara, I can't help but shed tears. When a friend of mine comes, he dances and returns, and when he returns, he doesn't eat any food. When I say that I'm going back, I'll give you sweets, so I'll be in a good mood by changing hands and goods, depending on which picture book I'll give you. When the kana is finally gone, I and I will plead for a way to stay. Even so, there is no help for it in the evening. When I see off the back of my friend who disappears into the twilight from the garden of a tall mansion, I cry and run into the house. And when he sits on his father's lap, he falls asleep before he eats dinner. The person who lives in the house stays up late by smoking the irori in the irori. My father beats the face of Toshiyan, and he has a sword, "Otsushiya," "Keiichiro ni Gourd, Nau," and "Kanno's. Pheasant, Night Crane-Keiichiro doesn't know that a child is cute. "
The 21st of last month was the anniversary of the death of Oshiki. The young and old of the village cross the hill, cross the bridge, and walk with them to entertain sweets and red rice. I also walked with Toshio for entertainment. When I walked with Toshio's hand holding the ridge of Myojin-shita, the neighboring Kim and his wife were tossing / \ Kawabe with the walking child inside. I saw it through the traffic. Immediately, I picked up Toshio and occulted the face with a sword. Isn't your older brother often / \ a sinful person? Do you still call it human? ――The child in my womb should be born by the time a good person returns from the ocean voyage. When I think of the dark fate of Toshiyan, I don't want to give birth to my own child.
Today, when my brother isn't there, how lonely Toshio is, if he asks, "What's your father?", Why don't you answer "Toukiyo" without knowing anything? Why don't you just ask, "Father, who are you always coming?" Toshiyan remembered Komamashi around this time, and it wasn't the joy of the first time. Even at night, I will go to bed with a string and a top. And when I wake up, I play alone from the beginning of the morning. Isn't there something like saying, "When my father returns, I'll show him the top." I don't say it for my house or for my father and mother. Would you mind returning to Toshio, my brother? Ask you.
[# End of indentation here]
[# Raise one letter from the ground] Haruko.

In the first chapter and the second chapter, Keiichiro's eyelids, which he carefully praised, lit up, and at the end, he turned over the letter paper and graduated with his feet. And I regretted the fact that I sang it. Keiichiro is now extremely afraid to hurt his heart. However, he did not approve of his deeds and affirmed his deeds. It is not surprising that it was an inevitable step for us at times, and that it was a natural measure, but when we looked at ourselves and what we were, we were awakened. The feeling of self-responsibility that was pulled back did not disappear at all. In that case, you can be content with the referee's caning, but while you are panting with bloody life with Chitosei, you are not responsible for the rabbits and such. It was a double pain to be done, and I couldn't finish it.
Keiichiro rolled the letter into a comb and / \ with no hesitation, and smashed it into the brazier. The burnt-out rubbed the match and burned it without a trace. His heart became cold and paralyzed.
The room was filled with smoke, so I opened the glass window on the south side. At some point, the evening twilight was approaching, and a crow screamed and flew over the river. It was strange to hear the crow's cry in the sky of such a city, and I remembered the strange sadness.
Minamishinkawa and Kitashinkawa have been the towns of sake and liquor since ancient times in Oedo. On the banks of the Shinkawa, which runs between the north and south Shinkawa districts, the sake boat of the sword has just arrived. The river water that swells in the tide licks the stone wall, and a straw mat is spread between the river edge and the warehouse, and the young people of the wholesaler put a screw bowl on the front of the hemp. It was looked down on from the window of the knitting room that the four-toed barrel of the komokabu was rolled and carried into the warehouse. Keiichiro, who listened for a while to the dashing young people's rhythmic song "Hauta", turned around and turned around, and in the cunning alley under the window, a few people A child was playing on a tricycle. A child scratched his face and saw it. Keiichiro's chest was filled with severe pain.
It was the beginning of May of that year. Keiichiro will leave his wife and children in the village to live a lonely life in Y town in order to get away from the ugly and rough life of a long time. \ The day he had to run down to Tokyo, he went back to the mountain house for money. The news of the worm was that his wife had been attached to him unprecedentedly, but Keiichiro skillfully took out his father's deposit book and tried to leave the house. Chiya Udo's older sister's child came and played with a tricycle. Toshio, who stood under the eaves and looked at it with envy of his fingers, ran with a dark face that seemed to start crying as soon as he saw Keiichiro.
"Father, please buy me a tricycle too."
"Yup"
"When I come back this time, I'll bring it back.
"Yup"
"I'll be back anytime, next time? My father Chiyan"
“…………”
My wife sent Keiichiro on a horse-drawn carriage under the house with Toshio. When the horse screamed "Ratsupa" and the horse ran out with all his limbs, his wife said, "Please come back again. I'm in a good mood." Let's forget about it. " In the same carriage, Mihira, a peasant of his house, was sitting in a face-to-face relationship. "Young-sama. Both Mr. Kaede and Mr. Bochiyan should live in Y town with you. I'm sorry, I'm sorry," said Mihira. Keiichiro's head fell to his knees. When Keiichiro puts his face out of the window at the ridge of the Dobashi on the village border, Toshio bends his waist like an old man on the stone steps in front of the gate, shrinks his neck like an old man, and even with the stone steps. It was reflected in Keiichiro's glasses, which was cloudy with tears, as he climbed up with one / \ terrifyingly. Perhaps this is the end of the world? The chest suddenly became painful when it was hung on a squeezed tree, and large tears fell like a polo in the rain.
Keiichiro left Y town with Chitosei on the last train of the day.

Chitoyo went out to the bus stop to pick up Keiichiro and stood quietly under the dark roadside trees. Then, as soon as she found Keiichiro at the exit, she walked up to her and said, "Let's go back and play. How was your condition?" I got it.
"It wasn't as good as it was."
"Sau, that's right, I like it." Of course, the country word "Kunamari" was included. "How worried I was."
Chitoyo is a child who is innocent and greets his parents who have returned from the outside, but Chitoyo pulls Keiichiro's hand while being somewhat humorous, and the two are on the train street. I returned to the second floor of the Hidden House, not far from. After quickly crawling Keiichiro into the hot hoe warmed by the fire, Chitoyo laid an old newspaper on his bedside and carried Iso / \ and a poor supper on it. The two held chopsticks.
"I didn't know what to do with Ki. I was wondering if I could ask for my condition over the phone."
Chitoyo had a mouth basket.
Keiichiro scratched even the thorns when he said something * [# "Tehen + Makoto", 4th level 2-78-12] He behaved like a bachelor at work. No matter how many times I went, my deeds drew dark shadows, so even if I made a phone call with that, the cruelty and pain when I hinted to Chitosei that I wanted Mr. Kami downstairs. The food did not pass through my throat because of the new shadow and the itch on my chest.
"Today, the butterbur sprout next door came to me with a sewn item," said Chitoyo, who placed the bowl and opened the rear cupboard with one hand to open the rear cupboard and piled it up on the luggage. I showed the cloth of Yuki and Yuki. "I'm going to be so hot. I'm going to sew with the decision to stay up all night from tonight. If everyone finishes it, I'll be able to get 145 圓. I'll show you
"I'm sorry," Keiichiro was terribly sentimental because of his illness.
"Such a watery thing, Otsushiya, Tsuchiya," Chitoyo said with an angry voice.
When the meal was over, Keiichiro was dressed and covered with zafu, and Chitoyo spread a spatula and started sewing.
"You, please turn to me"
Chitoyo raised his face and screamed. She suffocated that his face was hidden behind the collar of the nightwear and could not be seen.
"Then please tell me something. I'm lonely."
Keiichiro nodded "Ah" and gave a face and talked about the fact that the husband and wife went on a trip in a few words, but soon after that, he talked without saying anything. .. At that time, the words of my sister's long letter were then turned back and I felt the madness of being struck by the intestines. As soon as I could see the sword of my hometown, which was deeply saddened, Keiichiro said that he should take it, and he threw chopsticks and lived in sadness. What time will you come back? Or, when my father returns, he says that he will show off his frame, and the face of a melancholy child with eyebrows, again | Even the face of the sword floated in front of Keiichiro's eyes. Moreover, my own eyes had to beat Chitosei. Even if it wasn't to say that it was a division of love, I was reminded of the inevitable injuries to the example of Chitosei.
Keiichiro has never felt the adorable love of his mother. There was a mysterious curse between the mother and the child. The fact that Keiichiro, who is more loyal than anyone else, was coldly betrayed by the heart he always sought, was a curse that was more than a difference in personality. Keiichiro said that he wanted his sister to be in harmony with him. The halfway dropout of junior high school was also due to rebellion against my mother and sorrow. Around that time, my mother couldn't help Keiichiro, who had reached the age of Aito, to be as dressed as a peasant grandfather. It was at that time that he was in agony and did masonry at a monastery in the mountains of M county. Therefore, Keiichiro was not fascinated by the free and brilliant happiness that was filled with the pride of adolescence that all young people in ordinary households could enjoy. When he was nineteen, it was brought up with Sakiko in a traditional way. Although Sakiko was an unknown woman who was distantly related to her mother, Keiichiro, who did not know her maternal love, thought that she was two years older than her, and that she was a gift of heaven. And, due to the unscrupulous ignorance of Fertility, he got married without even thinking about it before and after.
Hatsukiko Towa, who was married, loved Keiichiro as a baby, and gave me a baby. If so, would he be full of happiness? At least on the shape, it was in harmony with Koto and Hitsu, but to the joy that I first learned in nineteen, her strings made a strange sound to this tense sound. It doesn't come. The fact that the roses with a high scent of forgiveness that opened the buds are not felt is not considered to be the difference in age. What's wrong with you? He was suspicious. It was no longer Keiichiro's self-restraint when his suspicious heart lifted his head.
"Sakiko, are you a virgin?"
"What's wrong with that ... I'm disrespectful."
Keiichiro was of course angry with the fire, but Sakiko was angry and worried that she wasn't angry enough. His suspicions only deepened. And I couldn't help but pursue the snake's relentless relentlessness.
"Are you really a virgin?"
"Women are different"
"Okay, then look at my eyes. You can't be fooled!"
Keiichiro watched over the angry eyes of Rakan, who ate his teeth tightly.
The wife said, "I'll see you as much as you want," and settled Mako "Hitomi" in his eyes, but immediately smiled and struck him again.
"I hate people who are so suspicious ..."
"No, no!"
Keiichiro instinctively felt his wife's dark shadow. After that, I couldn't stop repeating these questions hundreds and thousands of times even after Toshio was born. Keiichiro may have decided to go to a barber shop near his wife, Minoru, in Y-cho, mow the mileage, and try to find out the facts implicitly like the rumors of others who have no other miles. Rumor. However, when it came to graduation, it didn't work. When I was a kid, I took out a six-strand pistol from my father's magazine, and when I said that I would shoot my sister with my eyes, I turned the tube mouth and put my finger on the trigger. If you look into the magazine, you will see six bullets shining brightly! He screamed hot and tried to faint dangerously. It was just like that. What if you pull the trigger? In this case, when Keiichiro went to the barber shop and knew that it was a scary fact, his hair was stunned.
However, that day has finally arrived.
Keiichiro was a judo player in the second year of junior high school, so he knew Yamamoto and Ifuo, who are also second-class players. Keiichiro instinctively shook Yamamoto with his eyes, thick lips, and aquiline nose. At the time of the high-ranking and low-ranking games, he threw Yamamoto brilliantly, and Yamamoto took it badly. One day, one of the people in the same room played in the schoolyard from the window of the boarding house. When he shined his face on his face with a lens, a ray of light struck Yamamoto's face. The next day, Yamamoto approached Keiichiro to tell him who his ecstatic friend was, but when he stubbornly pushed him, Yamamoto shook Keiichiro's cheeks. Wearing. ――I heard from the young Osho of Bodaiji that Yamamoto and Sakiko had been in an ugly relationship for two years. After passing through resentment, resentment, and regret, Keiichiro was amazed at the evil of fate. What's more, this marriage was more like a coercion than my parents screamed, so I had no way of hitting anyone and my own hands. I had to stagger with my negative hands. And the pain of the rage every day moved to the rush of stagnation.
Keiichiro went to Tokyo for the next 34 years and tried to bring his injured heart to religion, tried to use art for comfort, obsession with Sakiko, and annoyance to children. He was allowed to wake up and return to the village, or to go to Tokyo due to anaerobic movement, and his life became endlessly unscrupulous and religion-like due to intense mental movements. Keiichiro Yangku was assigned to work as a history editor in Y-cho, and rented it to a quiet suburb to distract himself from the study of local history, but in the same house. I rented a distance and started to exchange words with Chitoyo, who worked for a private school for girls.
The hometown of Chitose was the H town of Sgata, which was deep in the snow and was on the north sea, carrying the western end of the Chugoku Mountains. She was a lifeless orphan who didn't even know the face of her birth parent, and was brought up by being taken over by her uncle and aunt's house, but all the relatives were greedy with all the strings. It was an orphan. At the age of fourteen, he came to Y town as the adopted daughter of a gambler who was his uncle's uncle. The gambler couple graduated from the local girls' school as much as she wanted, and even went on to a temporary teacher training center. She had to stand up because the house had collapsed completely in the middle of the work, and her adoptive parents had died one after another.
When Miyuki Susuki and Keiichiro confessed to each other, they couldn't wait for a moment and became friends with each other in Tokyo. ..
Chitoyo never forgot the grace of his adoptive parents. In particular, she spilled tears with a cry about the death of a gambler who was kind to her. That night, when the tide of the sea was screaming sorrowfully, Chitoyo hugged the dead man and cried the night repeatedly, mourning the phase of human buoyancy and telling the story of life and death. I couldn't give up. She said that Keiichiro was reluctant to talk about the burial mound that was entrusted to the rough shores of Y town. What wasn't happening was that a couple of graduates, Sotoba, were stabbed violently on the earthen head, and the graupel was sprouting over it. I sent some bird eyes to the grave keeper and asked them to clean the grave.
Chitosei's impermanence ―― was brought up from past reviews. Occasionally the emotions came back to her at one time in the tide and wrapped her around. The time of the blue train is approaching from the time when the train is busy picking up and dropping off, such as the night when the proofreading does not go away, and the train that is coming to us incessantly is next. I wondered if it would be the next time to send it in a vacant manner, Hongo-dori at night was sick, and the figure on the train disappeared. I couldn't help but wait for Chitosei's impermanence to be unimaginably serious, such as Keiichiro.

In the morning of the next day, Keiichiro cleared up all the work ordered by his husband and wrote a long letter to his father and sister in the afternoon.
"No matter how much I'm called non-human, no matter how much I'm scorned by the unfaithful, I can't get any better. But only Chitoyo-san thinks badly. The most painful thing is that my dad and Haruko think she's like an evil person. Even if I think about it, my body will be punished. That's why. "I tried to write about such a meaning.
Keiichiro wrote to his father and sister many times that he wanted Chitosei to be pitied, but he himself was so abstract that he could only write it abstractly. Yama >>
Revolution of Life: I don't think that Keiichiro's upcoming deeds contain a large amount of the noble content that the Sauifu characters bring. I hit it. However, when he asked himself in a quiet manner, he was struck by the thought of spitting and remembered that he was flowing with cold sweat.
After learning about his wife's past, the one who stuck to Keiichiro's head and couldn't leave Suyu was saying that he didn't know "virginity". Whether I was in the village or in Tokyo, I couldn't forget it for a while. Whenever I see the opposite sex on the train, what comes to my mind first is not the appearance, but the virginity? Are you a virgin? It was a matter of fact. Well, it was a miraculous but miraculous woman who bloomed in the darkness, and even sneaked around the devil's cave every night in search of a beggar. Even a child of "Kojiki" is a beggar. In order to receive the shameful embarrassment of wearing a prison garment, he often ponders even when he rapes.
On a summer night in Nezu's boarding house, Keiichiro was invited to the living room and talked about Yomoyama with his aunt and his daughter, Yoshiyan. Soon after, Yoshichiyan, who was dry, laid down a bed near a long fire bowl. Because of the summer vacation, there was a vacancy both upstairs and downstairs, and Shibe was hungry. Yoshichiyan, who fluttered his legs and kicked Zafu, stepped on his white crotch like a bow. Then, something like …………………… crawls into the eyes of Keiichiro and his eyes.
"Oh, I don't like it."
The lady hurriedly put on Zafu. Keiichiro turned down on his face and tried to suppress his strangely boiling heart. He shook his teeth when he wasn't there. A spider squeezed his prey on his head and broke his throat.
It was the first time that the extension of such a lonely desire was realized in the body of Chitosei. When he was given a long-standing wish, he had no longer considered the front and back, and he abducted Chitosei, but he said that it was an agreement. The gorilla was a savage, atrocious, and rather violent one who drew a woman. Of course, Keiichiro felt the utmost gratitude and great responsibility for Chitosei. Similar to the stupid summer bug that flies into the light, he decides to feed Chitosei even if he bites on a stone without needing his father's fortune. However, it was unbearable for herself to sneak into the whirlpool and make her suffer, even though she was weak in the pain of life before Satoru.
Keiichiro painfully approached me and my heart with many confessions that I could not confess to my father, sister, or anyone else.
In the end, the letter to my hometown was nothing more than a list of vacant letters. However, I would like to ask Keiichiro, who is a selfish person in one country, to write a word of comfort to Chitoyo, saying that he has a lot of troubles. As usual, I was joking about the fact that I wrote it as Nishin.
Keiichiro requested his father to write a letter to Chitosei, which he had not asked for, but his father had moved in more than once, twice or three times. From the beginning, my father did not show any signs of trying to separate the two. When I parted, I'm dying now / \ I'm not Keiichiro who returns to the village and straddles my own threshold, and at the same time, my father fully feels the sin of my child who committed to Chitosei again. I couldn't do anything about it. It seems that my father was imprisoned in a room for a while because of the reputation of the noisy neighborhood and the fact that he was in a noisy neighborhood, but he often wrote to me during that time. I sent it. Even if the complaints of Sama / ″ \ are lined up, if somehow the two live in harmony with each other and cherish each other's physicality and live long, then someday the reunion will come true. At that time, I wrote that I was going to talk about it, and it ended as "Nothing inneninga and giving up". Occasionally, the postmark of the post office in the neighboring village often included a replacement. From the post office of the village, I was ashamed of the familiar staff member, and while I was squirming with a cane, I wiped the sweat on the steep slope of Nisato / \ crossed the pass. The appearance of his father was reminiscent, and Keiichiro blamed himself so much that he committed suicide from extreme excitement.
Keiichiro felt that he was obstructed in all directions no matter what he was heading for. The only thing in my heart is the curse that doesn't move.

Keiichiro left the company early and stopped by the liquor wholesaler office in Kakigarachiyau to record the market price in his notebook, and then visited the wholesaler of Masamune Shirataka at Okawabata and shook his husband's forehead. Electricity came while I was rushing to pull out the seeds of the newspaper from Onyudo with a "hump". When I went outdoors, it was already dark in Shibe. The blue and red lights of the ship passing through Kawaguchi were beautifully laid on the surface of the dark water.
He also visited the house of the clerk in Ueno Yamashita, but he was absent. I bought a banana at the Hirokoji night shop and walked back through Kiridoshizaka.
After eating, Chitoyo took the banana peel and
"But it's been a pleasure," he said in a lonely tone.
"Saune ..."
Keiichiro was also pressed by an infinite amount of feeling.
"At that time, I ..." she said and screamed.
At that time--the words were unspeakable between the two, and they were struck by each other's hearts. Keiichiro came from his father's deposit book for about 400 Yuan, but he lost it in 12 months. And I was forced to live every day. At the time of meal, the two of them put on chopsticks and put on a piece of incense. He looked for a profession with a bloody eye, but it didn't work.
"I'll let you go to the sewing department in Mitsukoshi, or I'll always hire you there."
Chitoyo told Kenki, but Keiichiro was merciless.
At that time, I found an editorial recruitment for a sake newspaper company in the vocational guide and sent it to the designated date and time. He was the first of twenty-odd recruiters. Some of them are sick and tireless [# "without tiredness" is "satiated" in the bottom line], and some of them are dismissed. Let me write it, pick it up in my hand, and admire it again, and then I shook it from one end, and later I left Keiichiro and a man with gold-rimmed glasses who had a mustache trimmed. .. My husband is Keiichiro
"Anyway, you'll come to see me at 9 o'clock tomorrow," he said.
"I will do it seriously, so please use it. Thank you for your cooperation."
Keiichiro politely kowtowed and retired from his seat, poking at the worn-out weather Hiyori, and looked back to try to kowtow again, but he was hidden by the tsuitate and his master. I couldn't see the face. Keiichiro hated the side of a man with gold-rimmed glasses who talked to his master with confidence, with a crisp tone that was very wise to the world.
When I went outdoors, I was hit by a large rainstorm. I ran under the eaves of the houses, and for a while I took shelter from the rain on the stone steps of the bank, but when I got on the train, Keiichiro got wet. It was. At the bus stop, Chitoyo went out to meet him, held an umbrella with one hand in the downpour, and scraped the hem high with one hand to wait. Then, as soon as he found Keiichiro's soaked figure at the exit, Chitoyo hurriedly walked up.
"Well, you got wet," he said with a deep wrinkle on his eyebrows and hurt.
Keiichiro jumped into the umbrella of Chitosei, and they crawl into a dark alley from Yokomachi, a water confectionery shop in front of the main gate of the university, with a human umbrella. While walking, Keiichiro talked to Koma / ″ \ Chitoyo about his liquor at the sake newspaper company.
"Anyway, I told you to come and see tomorrow."
"Just, I'm going to consider hiring."
She said, but it was hard for Chitosei to say more than that, with the feeling that it would be the same kind of empty reliance that was often repeated so far.
"Maybe they will hire me ..."
Keiichiro muttered in his mouth. However, I decided to rely on things that were difficult to ask, and decided to set them aside, and thought that I should disappoint Chitosei again later. As much as I thought, a man with gold-rimmed glasses was envious.
"I would really like to hire you ..."
Keiichiro let out a deep sigh.
"It's no good, don't be afraid."
Such Chitoyo showed the tension of Ki and tried to inspire Keiichiro to Motoki. However, the hem of the wet clothes was sticky and it was difficult to walk on the legs, and Chitosei saw the miserable appearance of Potori / \ and the drops of tears from the long head. A ball of hot tears shimmered in my eyes even at night.
Fortunately, it was adopted, but Chitosei never forgot about that night. "I thought I shouldn't cry, but at that time-only sad ..." she thought and said it from time to time.
After cleaning up after meals, Chitoyo rounded up the relaxed story to that / \ and pulled down the dark lamp near his eyes to start needlework. Keiichiro tried to put the warmer under his armpit, but he didn't return to normal heat yet, so he immediately crawls into the floor.
A junior high school student next door to the wall began to review English with a crazy pronunciation.
What a funy bear!
"Ah, it's annoying. If you have a small voice, do it."
Junior high school students are all-out.
Is he strong?
"If you bother me!" My brother scolded me with a screaming voice.
Keiichiro and Chitoyo put together a surprising face and laughed out. However, I soon lost my laughter. Compared to the hopeful and brilliant souls of their brothers, I wondered how lonely their futures were.
At the time when the sound of the clapping tree of the night shift came to be heard, the words of the junior high school students could be heard as soon as they were picked up. He seems to be reviewing English to his dreams. Even downstairs, Mr. Kami closed the shop. Shibe goes deeper. The voice of a man who was a scholarly scholar of the university and a man who was screaming at Hosono, and the violent noise of throwing an instrument were loud. After a while, I heard the whistle of China | Soba-ya "Soba-ya".
"Oh, I'm here again!"
Chitoyo was pressed by the feeling and placed his hand holding the needle.
Chitosei said that even if the two of them left the city and lived in some mountains in the future, only the sound of the whistle of the Chinese buckwheat noodle shop would be unforgettable. ――At the time of the fall, the high-ranking Pure Land Buddhist G teacher tried to separate the two as much as possible. Keiichiro stayed in the G teacher's palace for two years, and when he came to Tokyo, he moved to the G teacher first and foremost. He was in a position of mind that he could not take any measures unless he gave up everything. Although he had enough human sympathy for Master G, he was not allowed to approve and dismiss Keiichiro's actions from the faith of Master G himself. Master G summons Keiichiro every night and says, "Avidyā Shigekushite, Delusional Delusion Nonaserunari." The end of such an unnatural cohabitation life, the endurance of the soul, the day of disillusionment, the day of ruin are not far away, abandon the delusion. I have to break up. ――I preached as "Jiyun / \". Keiichiro is reluctant to tear the raw wood, but he feels the intractable Aizen of his relatives in his hometown, and the remorse of his heart whirls. Therefore, on the day when I was hit by the emptiness there, I felt that there was no conscientious affair. While Keiichiro was eating rabbits and such a tight preaching from Master G, Chitoyo was lonely waiting for Keiichiro's return on the second floor, and now the sound of his clogs was heard in the alley where the traffic was gone. When he listened to Ka / \, he heard the whistle of this Chinese buckwheat noodle shop and forgot about me. In the case of Chitosei, Keiichiro, who was attacked by saying goodbye / \ and was weakly hung up in front of Master G, was sick and resentful, and even worse, the dark past. Then, she managed to have a weak body and a weak heart until the age of 23, and she had to choose a choice and even fall with a man with a wife and children. The fate that wasn't enough to curse was so sad that she was so sad that she wanted to tear herself apart ...
The Chinese buckwheat noodle shop was sloppy in front of the house / \ Rattling the slope / \ Grinding the car and going down to the bottom of the slope, but only the sound of the whistle was sadly far from the air. I heard from that distance. For a moment, on a foreign night in Beijing or Nanjing, I thought of myself as a sinner, hiding the body of a sword and sinking into melancholy and scary thoughts. Then, Keiichiro's sadness and loneliness sank into his body.
"Let's go," said Keiichiro.
"Eh"
Chitoyo put away the sewing, untied the pin, unraveled the skull, and tried to change into a 寢 卷, but Keiichiro saw her naked figure. I hurriedly closed my eyes as if I was naked.
Keiichiro's monthly salary was 35 yen as an apprentice during the period. Then, it is difficult to support my life, so I will make money from the needlework of Chitosei, and I stuck a small rectangular cardboard with the words "I will tailor Japanese clothes" on the door pocket facing the alley downstairs. .. Fortunately, my neighbors came to me with sewing, so I was able to overcome it for months, but instead I had to stay up all night because of the deadline, so the health of Chitosei was almost the same. There was no health.
"You can get rid of the hair like this."
Chitoyo combed the morning hair and showed it to Keiichiro with tears in a bundle of hair. In fact, her hair has decreased painfully, and she has hair on her side and strokes it on the seventy-three, and pulls a 毳 《Mukuge》. 》 I could see the gaps in the skin of the little bird. Deep mercy came from the bottom of Keiichiro's heart, but when her tears repeated, she sometimes reminded her of the resentment that her existence was overturned. Don't blame me for saying that! I don't want to complain, isn't it painful for each other? I felt a violent criticism and an egoistic urge that I couldn't help but point to her screaming scolding.
The terrible summer thin Chitoyo wasn't even after the autumn breeze / \ flesh was restored. The face was not so good, but at any time, the double chin became single, and the ribs appeared to float in layers on the pale skin, such as when it became a naked body. The waist and thighs were fluttering like hay. One was due to poor nutrition, but ...
Keiichiro tried to sleep hugging her slender snoring snoring, but suddenly her head fluttered / \ and her mouth opened and breathed. Along with that, a heavy dull pain struck. He saw Chika / \ a lamp that pierces his eyes with a purple-navy blue muslin furoshiki, but he got up again and turned it off. The more he forgot about anything and tried to get into a deep sleep, the more he tried.
The moonlight that leaks through the gaps between the terrible and ill-standing rain doors is bathed in the surface, and the lashes are on the white pillow "Kuri pillow". The face of Noi Chitosei was just as pale as a sick person. I can't help but feel a deeper sense of guilt in Chitosei than when I abandon my wife or child in my hometown. Suddenly, the strong mercy "Renmin" that comes from nowhere comes to the fore. Suddenly, I was made to feel absent-minded.
What should I do from now on? Matana What will happen? Keiichiro hit / \ revenge many times. -
[# Raise one character from the ground] (Showa 3)



Bottom book: "Complete Works of Japanese Literature 34 Motojiro Kajii Isota Kamura Atsushi Nakajima" Shinchosha
Issued on April 20, 1962 (Showa 37)
* The bottom book is a large scale of "ga" (ward number 5-86) used for counting things and place names.
Input: Tokiya Ito
Proofreading: Shigeo Kobayashi
Published February 27, 2001
Revised December 3, 2005
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
