Five letters
Pu Songling
Translated by Kotaro Tanaka

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Five letters << Gotsu >>

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Two |

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Numbers are JIS X 0213 area area number, or original page and number of lines)
(Example) * [# "Foot hen + double construction", 3rd level 1-92-37] << Tao >>
-------------------------------------------------- -----

There is a sloppy and mysterious god called Gotsu in the south, it is like a fox in the north. And, the haunting of the fox in the north can still be driven out by doing various things, but in the five siblings of the Jiangsu Zhejiang region, a beautiful woman in a private house. I'm sure that if there was a 《Ore》, the parents and brothers would just look silently and couldn't do anything about it. It was a bald thing of poison.
There was a pawn shop in Kure called Shoko. The sword was a beautiful woman called En, but one night when she was in her room, a young, strong man suddenly came in from the outside. Then, he put his hand on the sword and looked around the four sides, so the woman and the niece ran away for fear. He tried to escape, but the young man stood in front of him.
"I'm not scared. I'm Shiro, the five gods. I like you, so I won't do you any trouble."
That said, I picked up the baby 《Akanbo》 and put it on the sleeper. He was afraid and fainted. Gotsujin soon came out of the sleeper,
"I'll be back in five days."
I have said that. The arc was stretched outside the gate that night. There, an old man came to me and informed me that a suspicious man had come in. But the arc knew it was five, so it was left alone.
The next morning, he couldn't get up like a sick person. The arc was so terrifying that he sought to keep the householder from talking to others.
After three or four days, the sickness finally became a body, but after five days, the five gods would come again. Instead of lying down, I went to the outside house and waited sadly for the candles alone.
Soon after, Shiro of Gotsugami came in with two friends. They were all unfussy boys. There was a child, who lined up sake dishes to prepare sake. The sword was popping and leaning his head. Shiro forced him to drink, but he didn't drink because he was scared.
Shiro and the other three people sipped each other's cups and drank alcohol
"Big brother."
"Three younger brothers."
It was called.
Around midnight, the two boys sitting on the upper seat got up and
"Today I was invited by Shiro with a beautiful woman, so next time I will definitely meet Jiro and Goro and buy sake to celebrate my health."
I went out.
Shiro took Yan's hand and entered the Tobari. He tried to get out of his hand but couldn't. After Shiro left, I couldn't stand the sword and resentment, so I thought I'd commit suicide, so I tried to hang myself with a sash, but the sash was cut off. 》 I couldn't die. He tried to die without hesitation, but each time the belt was cut off and he couldn't die, so I thought it was painful.
Shiro didn't always come and waited for Yan's body to improve. It's been a couple of months. Everyone in the family didn't feel comfortable living.
There was a man with a surname of 10,000 in Kuaiji. It was a cousin of Shao's mother, but she was strong and good at bowing. One day, Man came to Shao's house. Shao has a house and a 媼 in the house where guests can stay, so I finally took Mansei to the hospital and stayed there.
That night, I got on my pillow, but I couldn't sleep for a long time. I felt like a person was walking in the garden, so I gently looked through the window. When I saw it, a man entered Hosono's room. I thought it was suspicious, so I grabbed the sword and gently peeked at it.
In Hosono's room, Hosono's Yan and a young man lined up, and the side dish was placed on the sword to serve sake. Everybody got angry like fire and suddenly entered the room. The man stood up in amazement. I pulled out my sword and slashed it. The sword hit the man's skull, so his head broke. * [# "Foot hen + double construction", 3rd level 1-92-37] "Tao".
When I saw it, it was not a human but a horse like a small donkey. I'm surprised
"What's wrong with this?"
I asked.閻 talked about being fooled by the five gods, and then
"Now this companion is supposed to come, what should I do?"
 such as. Wave your hand,
"It's okay. Please be quiet and quiet."
However, I turned off the candle, held the bow, and hid myself in the dark and waited.
Soon four or five people flew from the sky. I hurriedly shot an arrow. The arrow killed the one who stood earlier. Then the latter three were angry as they barked, and they pulled out their swords and searched for the one who shot the bow. In the unlikely event that he held his sword and stuck his spine right behind the door, he waited without moving a little. One person came in there. Ten thousand slashed at the neck. The other party has just been killed. He was waiting there again with his back stuck behind the door, but even after waiting for a long time, no one came in and no voice was heard, so he went out and hit the door to inform Shao.
Shao came in with terrible surprise and saw the candles together. His horse and two fish were dead in the room.
The family was delighted, but I didn't know if the two suspicious things that had been killed would come to the revenge, so I decided to have them all, and boiled the horses and prepared a treat. The taste was different from the usual food.
Mansei's name has since risen. I had been there for a month or so, but I wasn't suspicious anymore, so I tried to break up there. At that time, there was a lumber dealer named "What" and invited everyone to his house. At the lumber dealer's house, there was a woman who hadn't been married yet, but one day five of them suddenly came. It was a pretty man about 20 years old. The five of them said that they would make a woman a prince, and after setting a date with a hundred dollars, they returned, but the date was already approaching, so the family members were afraid. I heard the name of Mansei. The family wanted to have everyone come and remove the five evils, but it was scary to be called a sword, so the situation was thus invited to Kyoen.
I didn't know that, I was invited to a lumber dealer's house, and when I was about to go home because the sake was over, a woman with a clean make-up came out and worshiped. It was sixteen or seven pretty girls. I was so surprised that I didn't understand why, but I hurried up and thanked him. My husband's lumber dealer is strong and takes the original seat.
"Please help the woman."
I talked about the reason. I was surprised at first, but I knew that he was a cheeky man.
On that day, at the lumber dealer's house, I set the goal of having a wedding ceremony with five colors of silk at the gate, and I was sitting in a room with a woman.
Five letters did not come even after the afternoon 《Hiru》. So I was delighted to think that I didn't know if the five grooms today were the ones I killed. Soon after, there was a person who suddenly came to the bird from the eaves. It was a well-dressed boy, but as soon as he saw it, he turned away and ran away. I was chasing after all. There was something like a black cloud there and I was about to fly. By all means, he jumped with his sword and slashed one of his legs.
The suspicious boy screamed loudly and ran away somehow. By all means, I looked down and saw my slashed legs. It was a huge claw like a hand, but I didn't understand anything. When I asked him with the trace of blood, he went into the river and disappeared.
The lumber dealer was very pleased, and when he heard that he wasn't there, he married a woman that night, using the same wedding tools of the day.
There, the person who was suffering from five letters came to ask him to come and stay at the house once. After a year or so, I went back to the country with Hosono. After that, there was only one in Kure, but I dared not to do any harm openly.

      or

Kim was born in Suzhou, calling the character "Azana" the grandson "Oson". He was in the mansion of Huai'an's Gentry and was teaching the boys and children of the land. There weren't many houses in the mansion, and flowers and trees were planted all at once. When the night went on and my servant, Kozukai, disappeared, I was just hanging around, but there was nothing to distract me, so it was boring.
One night, it was around 10 o'clock, but suddenly a person came and tapped the door lightly with his fingertips.
"Who is it?"
The money was asked quickly. And the outsiders
"I'm sorry, but please borrow the fire."
 such as. The voice was like a servant, so Kim immediately opened the door and put it in. It was a beautiful woman of fifteen or six, followed by a maiden. I thought that money was not a person, so
"Who are you? What are you, say your name. What are you coming to?"
I was in a difficult situation. The woman went quietly.
"I'm a graceful person, and I'm lonely in this way, so I thought I'd be the one to talk to tonight. When asked, I can't go up, and you won't let me in either. "
Kim thought that this woman would be the unselfish woman next door again, so she was afraid that her character would be injured.
"I'm very grateful for that, but the fact that young men and women are present at night is in the forefront of the world, and I'm sorry for you."
 such as. Said the woman, looking at the money in the sink. Money was fascinated by it and forgot about me. The old woman has already seen Kim's Yoko. So to the woman,
"Mr. Kasumi, I'm going home."
 such as. The woman nodded, but soon she scorned her.
"If you go home, you can go home. It's a cloud or a haze."
The old man has already gone. The woman was laughing.
"Because no one was there, I was finally accompanied by that, but it's really stupid. I finally heard you the young name" Na "."
Money went in.
"I think you're so cautious because something troublesome happens. I'm worried about it."
The woman said.
"In the long run, you'll understand me naturally. I'll never defeat your deeds. You'll never be worried."
There, the woman went up on the sleeper, loosened the clothes she was wearing properly, and showed her arm bracelet on her arm. It was made by inserting two pearls into it through a purple gold-colored fire pearl with a strip of gold. Even if the candle was extinguished, the light of his arm lit up the inside of the room and was bright. Money was more and more surprised, but at last he couldn't know where the woman came from.
After the story was over, an old woman came and hit the window. The woman came up and lit up Komichi with the light of her arms, and went into the grove.
Then at night, the woman never came. At one point, the money was far behind the woman's return, but she had already awakened it, or suddenly covered the light of her arms. .. Then it became pitch black in the grove, and I couldn't even see my palm, so I turned back.
One day Kim went to the north of the river. Then, the string of the shade was cut off and it was almost blown by the wind. So Kim was holding his hand on the horse. When I went to the river and got on a small boat, a strong wind came and blew off my hat and flowed into the waves. Money was terribly disappointing, but it couldn't be helped.
And when I crossed the river, when I suddenly saw it, the shade that had just flowed was drifting in the wind and flying in the sky. Then, as it gradually fell and came in front of the wind, I accepted it by hand, but the string that had been mysteriously cut off was still connected.
When Kim returned to his room and met the woman, he talked about the day in detail. The woman barely exposed herself to the straw without saying anything. I wondered if money was what the woman did.
"You are a god. To be clear, let me sing."
The woman said.
"In loneliness, let's have a woman like me and not be annoyed. I say I'm not bad. Even if I do that, you're still Because I love you. Is it trying to get rid of it? "
Money didn't say anything there anymore.
At that time, Kim was feeding his nephew, Mei, but since he was already married, he was confused by five people. Kim was worried about it, but he still didn't tell others. By the way, after a long time of getting to know a woman, I started to talk about everything I thought in my heart, so I was talking about it at one point. Then the woman said.
"My dad can get rid of this right away, but why can I tell him about you?"
I thought that there was no other way than borrowing the power of a woman for money, so
"Can I somehow ask my dad? Can you do it, thinking that I can help you?"
I asked for it. The woman was pondering when she heard it,
"Nothing like that, just because I can't go. They're all slaves to my house. If their fingers touch my skin, this Shame cannot be washed with Nishie's water. "
 such as. Money never stopped and asked the woman.
"Please do something about it. I can't help but feel sorry for my nephew."
The woman knew.
"Then, let's do something about it."
The next night, the woman said.
"I sent my wife to the south for you. I'm afraid I can't kill her because she's weak."
The next night, when a woman came and slept, an old woman came and knocked on the door. The woman got up, opened the door and put it inside,
"How is it?"
I asked. Aunt
"I couldn't catch it, so I made it one wheel."
 such as. The woman laughed and asked for the situation. The old man said.
"At first I thought it was my husband's house, but when I went there, I realized that it wasn't. So, when I went to my son-in-law's house, the light was already on. When I entered, my wife was sitting under the light and trying to get a good night by leaning on her desk. I took her soul there and * [# "double" "Making + tiles", 3rd level 1-88-38] I put it in the "turtle", and after a while, he came and went into the room "heya". I entered, but suddenly I went back and said why I had a stranger. Still, if you look closely, there is nothing, so I came in again. When I pretended to be confused on the surface, he opened the futon and entered, but was surprised again and said why there was a knife. Originally I didn't want to get my fingers dirty with dirty things, but I'm afraid I can make mistakes because I'm lingering, so when I finally catch it and make it one wheel, he is surprised and barking. I ran away. When I got up there and opened * [# "Double-making + Tile", Level 3 1-88-38], my wife seemed to be awake, so I came back. "
Kim was happy to thank the woman. So the woman and the old woman went home together.
The woman did not come even after the latter half of the month. I gave up on money because women wouldn't come anymore. It was the end of the year at that time. Kim closed the cram school and tried to go home. A woman came mysteriously. Kim gladly welcomed the woman.
"I was sure that I was angry because you saw me, but I wasn't happy and happy."
The woman said.
"I've been doing that for a year, but I'm not satisfied without a word to say goodbye. I heard that you're going to pick up here, so I came softly."
Kim wanted to go home with a woman.
"Let's go to my house together."
The woman was fluttering.
"It's hard to say, but I have to say goodbye, so I can't hide it from you. I'm the daughter of King Kinryu, but I had a connection with you, so that's what happened. I didn't say anything about it, so it was known to the public that I had done that maiden in Gangnam, and I said that I had made five copies for you. When my father heard it, he said it was a great shame and tried to kill me, but my daughter took care of me, so my father's anger subsided a little. I've hit hundreds of aunts. I've been able to put on a girlfriend, even if I'm out of it. I've finally seen that opportunity, so I have something to say. I can't say anything elaborate. "
The woman tried to break up after saying so. Kim caught the woman's sleeve and shed tears. The woman said.
"You don't have to do that, but after thirty years, we'll be together again."
Money went in.
"I'm thirty now, but in the next thirty years, I'm an old man with gray hair. What kind of face do you see?"
The woman said.
"That's not the case. There is no gray-haired old man in Ryugu. And the longevity and young death of a person does not depend on his face or child. If you want to keep your young face, that's nothing. is."
Therefore, the woman wrote one method at the beginning of the book.
Money returned to his hometown. Gold's nephew, Mei, told me that something strange happened there.
"That night, like a dream, I thought a person caught me and put me in * [#" center / plate ", 3rd level 1-88-73]" Kame ", but I was awake. 》 When I looked at it, the blood was red and black on the plate. It's no longer suspicious. "
Money is there
"That's because I was a god of the Yellow River."
Because of that, everyone's doubts have been resolved.
He had about sixty money, but he still looked like a twenty-something person. One day, when I crossed the river, lotus leaves flowed from far upstream, but the size was like a straw mat. There was a beautiful man sitting there, but when I approached him, it was his fairy maiden. When Kim saw it, he suddenly jumped and moved to the lotus leaf. Then, the lotus leaves flowed down, and the person gradually became smaller, and eventually became like money and disappeared.
This is the same as the story of Shao Arc, which is the end of the Ming dynasty, but I don't know which is the front and which is the back. If it was after all the students had used Takeshi, that is, there are only half of them left in the region of Kure, it would be harmless.



Bottom book: "Saisai Shii" Meitoku Publishing Co., Ltd.
First edition issued on April 30, 1997
Parent of the original: "Chinese Literature Daikan Vol. 12 (Shinsai Shii)" Chinese Literature Daikan Publishing Association
Issued in March 1926 (Taisho 15)
Input: Hiroshi Kadota
Proofreading: Masatoshi Matsunaga
Created August 12, 2007
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
