Dango than flowers
Masamune Swan

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

/ \: Double dance character (repeated symbol in the shape of a vertically lengthened "ku")
(Example) See / \
-------------------------------------------------- -----

My house on the shore of Senzoku Pond is a famous place for cherry blossoms in the suburbs of Tokyo. I have always been to Tokyo once a month for more than ten years since I evacuated to Karuizawa the year before the end of the war, but I never came to Tokyo during the short cherry blossom season. Around this time, I decided to settle down here, so I was able to see the flowers in full bloom in the morning and evening for the first time in a while. It warmed up rapidly, so I saw it / \ Sakizen became fluffy. A woman in "Sasameyuki" was asked what she liked about the flowers and answered, "It's a cherry blossom." When asked what he liked about fish as food, he answered that it was a sea bream. The average taste as a Japanese person is sloppy. Born on the coast of the Seto Inland Sea, I was taught that the best fish was sea bream beach grilled when I was young. It was thought by the wisdom from the side that the freshly caught sea bream was steamed with salt on the beach, which is the best gastronomy of humankind. It was thought by children that the flowers were cherry blossoms. Now I'm in full bloom, from three minutes to five minutes, and I'm busy, and while I'm looking at a group of cherry blossoms in front of my room, the cherry blossoms are the king of flowers, and the sea bream is the king of fish. Then, I can think of what I was taught from early on. Then, I tried to make the cherry blossom spots I had seen so far one after another and enjoy them in a quiet place, but Yoshino, who is traditionally accompanied by origami by poets and poets, is now Japan. It was speculated that it might be one. I played to Yoshino three times, but the first one was the best. The flowers and the scenery are the same, but at that time there was still no terrible mess at the time of flowering. The degree to which the drinker played an abomination was still not fierce. As the world came to an end, when I went to see it for the second and third time, I was wondering when Yoshino wouldn't be there after the flowers had fallen.
From ancient times to today, in waka poems, haiku, stories, paintings, and music, cherry blossoms have been exhausted to the best of their ability. There are no new words of praise left. The snapper is the king of fish, the cherry blossoms are the king of flowers, the lion is the king of beasts, and humans are the primates of all things.
"God presides over heaven and earth, and man is the primate of all things," was written in the first reading I learned in my childhood. These six sentences were read by stick readers without explanation of their meanings, and were written down, but this was a direct translation of an American elementary school reader (Wilson leader). At the same time, the moral reading book contained a naive admonition that "alcohol and cigarettes are harmful to curing", and when we were 6 years old and 7 years old, we went to teach it as the first life lesson. It was done.
In addition to studying such elementary school reading books and moral reading books at school, I and others were forced to read the remnants of the feudal terakoya, such as Mencius of the Classic of Filial Piety. It's more of a source of spirituality, and it's something that will be useful at a later date.
By the way, at that time, the practice of writing was also started, and I was able to write something that seems to be a sentence with tasks such as "celebrating the Emperor's Birthday" and "a note of climbing a mountain on the Spring Emperor's Day". It was. I picked up the brush according to the task, but I didn't write anything.
When I wrote something like "The flag of the Hinomaru was erected in every house in the village" or "The weather is clear and the sea is quiet", I managed to do something unusual. I felt like it. I wrote that the number of houses with the national flag was very small. That was the composition of those days. It was okay to write that he would carry a gourd and climb the mountain.
Once, the description of cherry blossom viewing became an issue. Cherry blossoms are blooming in the mountains and fields, so I decided to write something when I saw them, but when I looked at them enthusiastically without knowing it, I wondered why the cherry blossoms were so beautiful. It started. There is one double cherry blossom in the garden away from my house, and when the flower blooms in the other single cherry blossoms, my grandmother first makes a lunch box and holds a cherry blossom viewing party with my grandchildren. It was hot. I tried to use it as a seed for writing and make a cherry blossom viewing note. So I tried to write a cherry blossom viewing note while looking up at the unbloomed double cherry blossoms in the remote garden, but when I tried to write it, my head was feasting / \ and I couldn't write anything. Under the well-bloomed flowers, my grandmother and my brothers all ate omelet, kamaboko, and boiled lunch, even though I haven't eaten this year yet. However, even though I couldn't eat it, I couldn't stop writing as if I had eaten it. I wondered why I wrote that I had a strange thought for the first time this year, "Why are the cherry blossoms so beautiful?" So, without any help, without writing anything, if you put it out in front of the teacher with a blank sheet,
"What's wrong? If you don't write anything, it's a zero."
"I have no choice"
"Write something. Now the cherry blossoms are in full bloom. You hear that the flowers are Sakuragi and the people are samurai."
"I dont know"
"Why haven't you heard the song that connects the pieces to the blooming cherry blossoms and that the flowers will scatter when the pieces are squeezed?"
"I don't listen"
"Then, dumplings are better than flowers. I wonder if you like dumplings too. Why don't you write that you went to see the cherry blossoms and ate the dumplings?"
When the teacher told me, I thought I would write it exactly as it was. When I wrote the brush while thinking that I wanted to eat dumplings rather than enjoying the cherry blossoms, the cherry blossoms looked like dumplings. Is it the shape of the cherry blossoms in full bloom that the dumplings stand on the skewers? When I thought about it, it became interesting.
"Hanami no Ki" has become a dumpling no Ki. I wrote that the dumplings have bloomed / \. The teacher picked it up and scored it. Was this teacher also light-hearted?
But for me, dumplings are dumplings and cherry blossoms are cherry blossoms. Dumplings are delicious in the mouth, and cherry blossoms are beautiful in the eyes. One day, I ate a full stomach of the dumplings I got from the next house, and I looked up at the flowers that had begun to bloom in the remote garden by myself, but I felt like digesting the swollen dumpling belly. Perhaps I climbed up to make it a cherry tree / \, grabbed a handful of blooming flowers and put them in my mouth. It wasn't a bad feeling, but a beautiful thing that I put in my stomach through my mouth and throat. Now, I ate two handfuls and three handfuls, Musiya / \. I couldn't eat any more, but when I jumped off the tree and looked up at the flowers from the flowers, I found it interesting, saying, "No one knows the taste of such a beautiful flower." I finally started thinking about it. No matter how beautiful it was, I thought it was not a human food, so I couldn't tell anyone.
But the next day, after lunch, when I went out to the garden away from it, I was more fascinated by the color of the flowers than yesterday, and climbed the tree again, grabbed two or three handfuls, and grabbed my mouth and throat. I passed to. No matter what the taste, I felt comfortable when I put something beautiful in my stomach. I was wondering how much food I could eat without being noticed by the people in my house.



Bottom book: "Japanese famous writing 65 Sakura" work company
Issued the first print on March 25, 1988 (Showa 63)
Issued the 12th edition on March 30, 1996 (Heisei 8)
Parent of the bottom book: "Complete Works of Masamune Swan, Volume 11" Shinchosha
January 1968 (Showa 43)
* The bottom book is a large scale of "ga" (ward number 5-86) used for counting things and place names.
Input: Hiroshi Kadota
Proofreading: Sensui Ebisu
Created December 9, 2012
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
