Rakugoka hot spring record
Iruru Masaoka

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Atami Souvenir Hot Spring Toshisho << Atami Souvenirs and Yunokigaki >>

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Master | Chouji << Chiyauji >>

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) [# 5 indentation]

/ \: Double dance character (repeated symbol in the shape of a vertically lengthened "ku")
(Example) First / \
* Double the dance character with dakuten is "/" \ "
-------------------------------------------------- -----

[# 5 indentation] 1 [# "1" is the middle heading]

I'm sorry to say that I'm from the beginning, but among my works, the ones that have won the reputation of / \ there are "Yosei" and "Encho", but modern care culture Sanyutei Encho, a flower and the highest peak, is one of the rakugo artists who loves hot springs. "Gaki" and "Enemy Kasumi Hatsushima" are Atami, and "Kirigakureikaho no Yukemuri" and "Okurezaki" "Haruna no Umegaka" and "Annaka Sauzaburo" are adaptations of Ikaho and Mopassan's "Father Killing", and "Master | Choji" is Yugawara. When I write "Tasuke Shiobara", I went to the birthplace of Joshu | Numata "Numata" for a field survey, and on the way from Oku-Nikko to Numata, I took a bath in the open-air bath of Kawahara, a hot spring called Ogawa. There was an episode in which the snakes were all in the hot springs, so I was surprised and jumped out of the hot springs.
[# Indent 3 characters from here]
The preparation to enter the hole or the snake's crawling
[# End of indentation here]
This << this >> is the improvisation of the Encho at that time.
Since it was the end of August 1897, it will be a great hiking course for Abek around the hot springs.
Narushima Ryuhoku, a talented person from the Meiji era called a hot spring, also plays with Ikaho with this Enshomonjin 3rd generation Ensho.
Ensho tried to play with a geisha at a hot spring
"How many younger geisha are?"
When I asked the maid of the inn,
"It's forty years old."
It's interesting to say that it's a place to admire.
If the younger one is 40 years old, the older one will be six or seventy years old, but it is not the younger one [# "younger" is an emphasis mark], but this is the dialect of Ikaho. In other words, it meant that he was old, and that he was old.
When two young prostitutes were invited to make a noise, the bamboo tales started to ring on the opposite bank, and it was difficult for Hakoya to come to negotiate the repair of the geisha on the way back and forth. Therefore, it is said that he always blows bamboo conch and makes it in time. Ikki Ikki and Ikki. Iyo / \ Interesting.
Also a literary man of the Meiji era, an old master of the Negishi school | Takenoya's master (Aeba Koson) is also said to be the next circle student of this circle student, also a master. There is a humorous trip to the 4th generation Ensho and some hot springs, but it is a pity that we cannot introduce it here because the "Takamura Shu" was burned in the war.
Ensho, the sixth generation of the current generation, who has finally entered the realm of maturity, is also a beautiful person of the past / \ Jobanzu style Tatsu "Tokihazushi Kitatsu" (now popular song Nishikawa Tatsuko) and Koan I come to talk about art, but I haven't been to any hot springs with Ensho without a connection, so I haven't been to Yanagikita or Takamura's shoes yet. It's not even possible to tie a string. (Nozomi "Negaha" is an adult in the editorial department of the magazine "Onsen", and I hope that you will have an event at some hot spring at an early meeting with Ensho-kun.

[# 5 indentation] Two [# "two" is the middle heading]

In my dull novel "Yose", the main character, Imamatsu, is a storyteller who has a hard time traveling and has a hot spring inn in Atami. There is.
However, when I visited, it was said that rakugo was not good in this land, so I should talk about it.
Although he was embarrassed, he was distressed, and when he randomly remade the humanity into a storytelling and made the tea muddy, he went to the hot springs for a while, and four or five customers were all in Paris / \. Edo Tsuko.
Moreover, this is a storyteller of Naka / \, and the masters of the current storytelling world are good at the story of the month.
Imamatsu, who was completely surprised, is afraid that such a big storytelling fan should not be among the customers listening to himself tonight. "It's hard to listen to it, but on the day when you get angry, it's the eating of rice, so please help people and cover your ears."
I swallowed it up.
Edo Tsuko's usual, everything, and these husbands who knew that they were strong in righteousness struck their chests and took over,
"What are you going to play tonight, Master?"
I asked.
 so,
"I'm going to play Bunshichi Motsutohi."
And Odo / \ Imamatsu withdrew to the answer, and that night, when he went up to the temporary Takaza of the hot spring inn, the customers were greeted with a big cheer and then went to the front.
"Teacher, I'm looking forward to Bunshichigen Yui."
When one person deliberately said,
"Um, this teacher's sentence seven is skillful."
Another person was in harmony.
For a rakugoka, there is nothing better than speaking to give a prejudice to the customers.
Imamatsu gave a long lecture with great gratitude, and then the guest again
"Mr. Oi, this is a celebration."
At that time, everyone was fond of Zara, wrapped a twist in Japanese paper, and threw it to Pawn and Takaza first.
Needless to say, a tip. I was caught here and threw the instep. B throws, 丙, Ding. Thus, Imamatsu earned more than expected that night.
This is also biasedly called the gift of the customer of the storytelling / \ I was deeply crying, and even if I opened only the celebration of that customer, I went to the Kamidana, and if I calculated only the other celebrations, it would cost me a lot of money. It was hot. It is a surplus yen in the Middle Ages of the Meiji era, when the entrance fee for the vaudeville was four sen.
Finally, when I took down the paper wrap that had been raised to the Kamidana and opened it, I found that there was a penny inside. It's called a paper.
Until hatefulness, this way of enthusiastic customers, the way of using the old Tokyo people to go to one of the hot springs, was a refined Ichii cultural person.
This story is not my creation but a true story, and after that, a real storyteller appeared at a hot spring inn in front of me, and Tsuhi and his companions gathered together for a competition called "Contest". Both of them pulled out their souls and escaped, and by chance, they met at Oiso's vaudeville, which is a pleasant result, but now I confess, but this The predecessor Sanyutei Enma, who was called a master by my mentor, is a passage in the youth travel diary.
At that time, on August 11, 1883, the aforementioned master Encho passed away, and Enyu, Muraku, Tachibana Nosuke, and Hanagata, who were traveling on the Tokaido, all went on a comedy. Because I had to cancel and return to Tokyo, the predecessor Enma (a young and Tachibana family at that time | Tachibanamatsu "Kitsumatsu") was in a difficult situation during the trip. ..
Kokontei Shinsho of the present generation played this passage of his small book "Yose" at a solo performance during the war.
"I had a feeling that I couldn't help but ask for Atami's favor, and I thought about listening to Shinsho's autobiography."
At that time, Mr. Tsuruo Ando praised him on the Tokyo newspaper, and this summer, Mr. Tatsuo Ooka and the three of them, Mr. Ando still remembered this result in the roundtable discussion.
"Why don't you let Shinsho play" Taunasu "ya at the broadcast entertainment event, and why don't you play" Yose "?"
Toshimi / ″ \ was said.

[# 5 indentation] Three [# "three" is the middle heading]

The accent was hot, but the musician's literary master, Fuminoya, who was slightly sad about the tunes, was in Hokkaido ｜ Noboribetsu, a hot spring that was quite magnificent.
"It's a really wonderful hot spring, and it takes a lot of fire to get this much hot water."
It was one of the famous stories in the rakugo world that made me laugh.
Although it was not popular, it was humorous in front of Edomae, and "Nozarashi" was Yanagiyoshi, and Enji Ryutei, which was higher than Yanagieda, was spotted by local geisha when he visited a certain hot spring in the north. When the geisha came to call him in the inn after getting drunk, the manager of the troupe who went out to entertain
"Kahere / \, there isn't one stingy entertainer in this troupe that you guys can buy from the country geisha."
I turned back.
The next morning, Enji Ryutei knew this, no, it's a shame, I can't help but guess that Enji is this summer | He died around the same time as laughter, and since he went to his hometown of Noshu, Yashiu, he hasn't heard about it, and he's lonely with him.

[# 5 indentation] 4 [# "4" is the middle heading]

"Yabuhara Kengiyo", "Ansei Mikumi Sakazuki", "Shinzo Brothers", and "Nezumi Kozo" "Roshiu" is a heavy sake and sushi that you hear in the sound, and when Katsura Bunraku, who is now a leader in both name and reality in the rakugo world, joins the troupe when he is a young man, performing in various hot springs in Izu. I went there, but Mr. Ashisu, at the hot spring inn where I stayed / \, I could drink a lot every night, but I couldn't pay any money.
Actually, it hinders the tantrum, but when I listened to Ashisu's oral performance that night in the dressing room, the skill of the depiction, the thief, the guest, the gokenin, and the beauty maiden Forget about the complaints that you can't pay your salary with the relief of "Sanaga" and others addressed to everyone. There was a Chinese magician in the troupe, but even this Chinese-born magician in Shimahi was also admired after a long time.
"Jitsuniumai. I, Konohito, salary Irimasen. Hot springs, sake, lots of solede"
It is said that he was praised.

[# 5 indentation] 5 [# "5" is the middle heading]

When I was an immature rakugo storyteller, I went to Yugawara Onsen in the summer.
The troupe is the so-called "fugu companion who holds a single stick" at Kawayanagi, the current foolish corps of the titles Entaro, Kosen, and Kosanji, so I can't stand it. When I get to the inn, I'll have a drink right away. If you go for a walk with a good heart, you will find the vermilion-painted Fudodo near the park. There was Ichijo Falls, and when I sipped beer again at the teahouse, I could stop it, but a small stone came out, and I went to the big frog. I hit a stone.
Besides, Entaro urinates to Shah / \ Takitsubo.
However, after a while, when I saw Hyoi and Fudo Waterfall, I was surprised that the water of the waterfall, which was clean and tama no yaudatsuta, suddenly turned into reddish muddy water.
After all, it was said that he threw a stone at the cloud on the shore of the Fudo Shrine and then pissed at the waterfall basin there. it's no use.
Everyone was awakened from the drunkenness of beer, and for a while I was stunned, but of those, scary was scary, and go was a small half.
"Hey ... that ... the water of this waterfall ... why ... the color has changed so much ..."
When I asked the daughter of the teahouse, she immediately answered.
"This waterfall is currently under construction at the top, and sometimes /" \ red clay is flowing and the color changes. "
Mikihiko Nagata's "Traveler" is said to be an experience of entering a group of traveling actors, but at this Yugawara box office, I also hit the drum with a borrowed carriage / \ around the town, I myself sprinkled villas from the car.
In later years, how did it become a forgiving study to write a comedian?



Bottom book: "Japanese famous writing, separate volume 29, rakugo" work company
First print issued on July 25, 1993 (Heisei 5)
Issued the 4th printing on July 10, 1999 (Heisei 11)
Parent of the bottom: "Onsen"
January 1951 (Showa 26) issue
* The title is "Rakugoka" Hanashika "Onsen Roku" in the original text.
* The bottom book is a large scale of "ga" (ward number 5-86) used for counting things and place names.
Input: Hiroshi Kadota
Calibration: noriko saito
Created March 8, 2015
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
