Rebellion
Yoshio Toyoshima
-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]
"":ruby
(Example) Yasuko "Yasuko"
｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Grace |
[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Numbers are JIS X 0213 area area number, or original page and number of lines)
(Example) * [# "Tehen + 毟", 4th level 2-78-12]
-------------------------------------------------- -----
One
Shuhei Inoue tried to go home immediately after seeing Ryukichi for an hour to prepare and review the lesson-which is actually playful. Yasuko came out there and stopped him with the appearance of having a nape from the nape of the neck to the shoulders and the quiet muffled voice leaking from the slightly open lips.
"Mr. Inoue a little!"
Shuhei thought it was an example. And, with a strange regret that it was the last day of the month, my attitude of trying to return immediately felt subservient.
He went to the living room after Yasuko, blushing a little.
"Are you in a hurry today?"
"No, not really ..." said Shuhei.
"In that case, please take your time. You can also use coffee now."
"Yes," he replied, but it was a bit terrible. Then, when I was wondering whether to sit down or calm down, Yasuko's words fell head-on.
"You still have a strange refrain."
Although it was small, Shuhei lost his degree when he looked at his face with his deep and clear eyes. I had no choice but to look down and scratch my head.
Yasuko went even better.
"I will not hesitate to do anything. It is not natural for us to thank you because we are taking care of Ryukichi. If we forget it, we will go ahead and say it. You have to be at the level of being able to help me. Even so, even though it's the end of the month, I'm a really funny person who tries to escape immediately. "
Shuhei was finally able to settle down because the last word had a slightly floating tone.
"But I don't care about money ..."
"That's why you have no money."
She changed her tone with the push cover 《Okabu》.
"Can you manage to make it just by sending it from the national license?"
"Yes, but at all, it's just somehow."
He said like a joke.
"But hey," Yasuko continued to say in the previous tone, "If you have any inconvenience, always ask. It's bad to help you for free because you asked for Takakichi. So, if it's just a name, Yokota intends to do that too .... You shouldn't be too reluctant. From now on, let's just leave it alone and don't hesitate, hey. "
Shuhei was patient with trying to be trapped in the sentimental sentiment. When I raised my face, Yasuko's pure dew eyes flashed and lurked behind her long eyelashes. He lost his mind and picked up the coffee bowl in front of him. Somehow I couldn't stay silent.
"It's terrible to have a cup of coffee, saying a lot of small words."
"That's why I'll give you a souvenir."
Yasuko took out what was wrapped in paper from between the obi. Shuhei hesitated for a moment, but her smile prompted her to silently accept it. And I got up immediately.
"Don't drop it."
When he saw him screwing into his bosom randomly, he listened to the words that Yasuko warned him in the sky above and went outside.
The sky was sunny. The late spring sun, which leaned to the west, sent a throat-like light all over the earth.
At a certain corner, he hurt the back of his hand a little with the stab of the trifoliate orange, while avoiding the sword that came from the other side. When I spit on the bloody area, it hurts. That was a strange feeling.
He was thinking about Yasuko. For him without sisters, Yasuko was an older sister-a beautiful and kind sister. At the same time, he was Mrs. Yokota, who is studying humanly. When I thought of her kindness, he felt stubborn and powerful. With her protection, the college selection in less than two years was likely to be completed successfully.
Returning to the boarding house, he first took off his hakama and then, as he remembered, searched for a paper packet in his pocket. I took a look at the small female characters written as "Thank you". And I opened the inside. There were two ten-yen banknotes in it.
He felt a slight surprise.
At the beginning, when I decided to visit Ryukichi's school once a week, Yokota said that I would give a reward of about 10 yen a month. And in fact, twice at the end of the month, Shuhei received 10 yen each from his wife. Only this time, it suddenly became 20 yen.
Shuhei thought while placing two banknotes on the desk. ――I wondered if the five-yen bill and the ten-yen bill were mistaken for something. If so, the extra had to be returned, of course. I couldn't put it on silently. But ... the idea didn't quite come to his mind. ――Or, I wondered if I wasn't told anything on purpose in order to give myself a pleasant surprise by doubling the price from my favor. This guess was more appealing to him. Originally, it was Yokota's favor to have him see Ryukichi's school as an excuse to assist him. "Yokota intends to do that too," Yasuko said today. As I was thinking about it, the condition of Yasuko at that time came to his mind. The words, "Don't drop them," which I casually listened to, came to my mind now.
He was so grateful that he felt tearful.
However, when he put the banknotes on the desk into the money, he suddenly stopped his hand.
"Don't stay like this!"
If it was inferred that it was a favor of the other side, it could not have been inferred that it was an error of the other side. When he came up with that, he felt a certain cunning in his feelings when he was the former. Next, I was skeptical that it might have been tried. He felt uncomfortable.
"Let's go back to the corner, and then it depends on what we say," he said.
The light of the sun was fading before I knew it. From now on, I was about to hit the time of dinner. He stood up and sat down again. Also, I wanted to talk to Yasuko alone when Yokota was absent. If it came from the favor of Yasuko alone ...
"Idiot!" He bathed himself. I couldn't help myself, who had fallen into a sweet fantasy. I couldn't help my heart, which was so disturbed by the boring things.
He remembered that day when he made his last decision, as if he was clinging to it.
Two
It was a lonely day when it rained from the morning. Shuhei was also wondering if he had stopped studying for several days all day long. I had to make an early decision.
I went for a walk at night. I also asked the opinion of my senior Nomura. Even after I came back, I thought about it alone until late at night. However, neither was decided. I decided to think after sleeping. I went into the futon with my kimono and looked at the ceiling vaguely. It seems that his head was exhausted and he tried to get rid of it. And I had a dream.
――I don't know who it is, but I was with 45 close friends. I was eating in a small room. There was a strange beast in front of me. Hair was removed from the chest to the abdomen * [# "Tehen + 毟", 4th level 2-78-12]. When I put chopsticks on it, a thin piece of meat came off. Someone said, "It's delicious meat." The beast soon became bone-only, from chest to leg. That was a living cat. "I'm sorry, so let's leave it at this level," someone said again. The cat got up and walked on a sled, with the flesh on his chest and legs stripped off.
Then everyone decided to go out.
When I climbed the stone steps, it was pitch black. A winding slope continued. I walked down the road. I knew that everyone was the same, but I couldn't see it because it was pitch black. In the meantime, a number of beggars came out from both sides of the road. Mysteriously, the figure was clearly visible. They were all muscular men. He was half-naked and had smooth mochi-skin. It caught the 袂, took the wrist, and finally bite into the neck ball. I couldn't do it.
Someone said, "You should hit it with a stone." So I picked up a big stone in both hands and hit him with it. I went over many things like thresholds. Every time I passed it, I met a group of beggars. I swung the stones in both hands and chased them away.
After writing [# "after writing" is mom], there was a stone staircase. When I went down it, I bumped into a heavy iron-like door. The door was a little open and I could see a faint light over there. It seemed okay to get out of the door.
When I suddenly noticed, two beggars followed me later. One was injured all over from face to shoulder. One was a big man who seemed to be strong. The big man said, "I won't let you through as long as you hurt your friends."
The man was like a beggar's master. Looking around, it seemed that many beggars were lurking in the darkness. It became scary. I took out the paper from my pocket. When I was wondering how much I should give, a beggar of rickets came out of the darkness and threw shackles shaped like palms on both kneecaps. It stuck to my kneecap and I couldn't walk. There was a voice saying, "It's revenge." Many beggars were about to come out at any moment. It was scary. While looking sideways at the brightness from the door, I was constantly looking at myself * [# "Foot hen + address", 3rd level 1-92-36]. * [# "Foot hen + address", 3rd level 1-92-36] Every time, my body sank more and more into the darkness.
…… So he woke up from his dream. I felt that the feel of the beggar's mochi skin still remained in my body, and it was creepy and had no specifications. Suddenly I jumped up and opened the window.
There was a faint white light outside. There was a light red cloud in the eastern sky. The stars in the sky were shining strangely. The grove and the atmosphere were buzzing like full hair. It was near dawn.
He stared at those scenery while leaning against the window. Unspeakable emotions have fought in my relatives. I was still holding it down. In front of the dawn sky and the earth, the cats and beggars in the dream were thought of as a symbol of something.
He didn't move until the eastern sky turned white. And I decided to continue my studies no matter what the difficulties. When I made up my mind, I jumped up as if I had returned to myself for the first time. I opened all the windows and doors. I walked around the room. Then I went to my desk and wrote a letter to Mizutani in Hankou. He refused to go to the store and announced his decision to continue studying philosophy. He then accepted the application for admission to the university.
Three
――Shuhei now thinks of that time. At the same time, I remembered the past where I lived with a small amount of money from Mizutani.
"You shouldn't indulge in sweet fantasies," he said himself. And it became powerful.
The next afternoon, he visited Yasuko in return for the money.
Yasuko was doing something on her own. He had to wait for a while because he couldn't take his hands off.
When I was sitting on the porch and looking at the fresh greenery of the garden vaguely, it seemed somewhat ridiculous that I had been so distracted from the day before. When Yasuko came out after a while, he said in a light tone.
"Did you make a mistake in the calculation yesterday?"
"What's the calculation?" She asked and stared at his face.
"If you don't know that you're wrong, it's okay for me to keep quiet because it's better for me ..."
Shuhei smiled like that.
"What are you talking about? Please tell me clearly."
"Please address."
"Come on, what is it?" She tilted her neck.
He looked at the face. And when I saw her smiling eyes, I felt that she was being ridiculed because she was heading for Abekobe. He said frankly.
"Yesterday, I had 20 yen in my thank-you package. That's why I returned only the extra half. Maybe I made a mistake between a 5-yen bill and a 10-yen bill. "
"That made me bother today."
"Yes"
"You are a liar"
"No, it actually cost me 20 yen."
"That's not the case," said Yasuko. "Yesterday you said you were willing to talk about money, and it's a liar to come all the way to money today. And to come back what people gave you. Is there something? "
Because he was in a strange condition, Shuhei was taken aback. He just couldn't make a point about what was offensive to Yasuko. He was just silently looking at her face.
Seeing Shuhei silent, Yasuko said as if to stab a stop.
"If you feel like lying or behaving strangely, I'll do that too."
Shuhei wondered what an unreasonable way to say it. At the same time, I was happy about it. However, it was too stubborn to keep silent. Shuhei began to make various excuses, looking away from Yasuko's enthusiastic eyes, as if he didn't care about the other person's thoughts and wouldn't know unless he said only what he thought. ――It was 10 yen until now, but now it's 20 yen, and as long as there is no word of refusal, it is reasonable to think that it may be an error in the account, money I hate to talk about problems, but I'm happy to say that it's a personally vulgar act to use it as an excuse to take unjust enrichment. He said that he had enough grace to receive it, that he thought it was true to receive it properly if he received it, and to return it gracefully if he did not receive it, and that he could not be blamed for his actions. Preached in a roundabout way. And finally added. "I don't think you can scold me at all."
"When did I scold you?" Yasuko said.
"But getting angry and blaming is the same as scolding."
"I'm not angry at all. But isn't it unpleasant that you don't accept this feeling as it is?"
"That's right, but no matter how much you feel, you can be in trouble without clear words."
"You say that's the case with money. That's why you're not obedient. The reason I don't like money is because you have a stigma."
When I said that, he didn't have a word. It may have been a kind of sickness that made me strangely nervous about money because I had a difficult life. But that's not all, he thought. And said.
"But financial problems can be the most annoying discomfort."
"That's your habit"
When he was pushed so much, he had no choice but to snarl. When I was silent, Yasuko said for a while.
"Do you know?"
He raised his face. Her naturally clear eyes and gentle face were right in front of me. As he stared at it, he said to himself.
"Then I'll keep you silent."
"e?"
The small eyes were wide open. Shuhei reiterated.
"I understand."
She looked a little higher with a half-hearted look, as if the heart that had been taken to one side was pulled back to the other, but eventually both seemed to fall into the air and stared at Shuhei's face. Faced [# "looked up" is "looked up" in the bottom line]. "You're a stupid person," said his eyes.
He felt like he was swayed. I said it with just my mouth.
"No one is as difficult as his wife."
"Yes," she replied casually.
He muttered. I thought about it unpleasantly.
Four
It felt like a mystery was thrown.
"No one is as difficult as his wife," he said in German, from the surface. From the back side, "No one is as careless as his wife." It was difficult for me to get rid of the other party's legitimate offer from my head. It was careless to make a point by myself without putting the other person's thoughts in my eyes. There were two directions of Yasuko reflected in Shuhei's eyes. And these two directions were actually just two sides of the same personality, but it was strange because it was wrapped in clothes of kindness and favor and was revealed to one person at the same time about one thing. It showed a dissonance. Shuhei felt like he was facing two hearts. One heart was a selfish and cold one without compassion. Another heart was a warm embrace that ignored the boundaries between individuals.
"Which of the two is Yasuko's heart towards her?" Shuhei wondered. Depending on how I thought about it, it seemed to be either. He was at a loss during that time. It was hard for him in this case to slam both. He wanted Yasuko to treat him either coldly or warmly. I wanted to be either sharply criticized or warmly embraced.
"It's just a horn, I don't want to be an oblivious," he squeezed out the problem and came to another conclusion. And I wanted to thank Mrs. Yokota for saying that it is okay to leave it as it is.
Shuhei went out a little late on Wednesday afternoon.
Yokota was studying at the University of Commerce four times a week. But he was originally a literary person. Occasionally, I introduced foreign literature to newspapers and magazines. The future was going to stand with criticism. So there was a small group of young people around him who loved literature. They were supposed to meet in Yokota's study from Wednesday afternoon to evening. Wednesday was his most open day.
Shuhei didn't want to bother to visit on another day. Actually, it was most convenient on Monday when I saw Ryukichi's school, but Yokota had classes until the evening on that day. So I chose Wednesday, which is the easiest place to go.
When he entered the gate and stood at the entrance, he first looked around the clogs there. Fortunately, there were only one or two guests. He was relieved.
"Mr. Murata is just coming," said Yasuko.
He intended to deal with Yasuko and Ryukichi first, but Murata had no choice but to go to that direction.
Yokota and Murata were lying down and playing shogi. Both of them raised their eyes to Shuhei and said "Hi." And stared at the board again. Shuhei threw his foot to that side. Murata was a little better. Yokota couldn't give up losing and tried many times.
Shuhei became boring and lay on his back with both hands under his head. I could see the blue sky from the window. In the narrow square blue sky, a white cloud appeared, and soon it flew away. There was a little wind. Shuhei was slightly frustrated. When I stood up and picked up an external character magazine from the corner of the bookshelf, I looked at the picture * [# [# "插" made vertical bar penetrates down, 4th level 2-13-28].
Eventually, Yokota pulled out a piece of shogi.
"Thank you for today. Let's do it again."
"You've finally wiped off your helmet," Murata proudly said.
Then they talked to Shuhei. Shuhei had an unfamiliar look.
When Murata stood in the toilet, Yokota looked at Shuhei's face and asked.
"It seems like you're thinking about something. What's wrong?"
It was just right. Shuhei thought that he would lightly clear up the problem while Murata stood up. I suddenly said it without paying attention to the words on the other side.
"I'm sorry I've always been indebted to you."
Yokota moved his big eyes around.
"What are you doing with each other?"
"And," Shuhei said, "I feel like I have no excuses for this, because I received an extra reward."
"Oh, that's right. My wife might have taken care of something .... Well, that's right. You should just shut up."
Shuhei felt strange and looked up at Yokota's face. Yokota was looking away. I was dimly gazing at the face value of the lintel while blowing the smoke of cigarettes sandwiched between my fingers on my right hand toward the ceiling.
"Then ...," Shuhei was surprised when he asked if you didn't know. I felt like I shouldn't say that. And I was at a loss for the continuation of the words I cut in the middle. I forcibly proceeded with it. "It seems too selfish ..." he said to his wife again. I couldn't help it. After a while, I finally said it. "I just wanted to thank you a little."
Sweat came out on my forehead. I felt that I was being watched by Yokota. And I was even more upset. Yokota was silent.
"Don't worry about being boring," Yokota said for a while.
Shuhei somehow wanted to take care of the place and his feelings. But I couldn't speak.
Murata came over there.
"There aren't many people coming today," Murata said sitting down.
"Oh," Yokota replied casually.
Shuhei became painful to stay still. On the other hand, it was a grace to stand up immediately. As Yokota and Murata started talking about the shingeki, he was silently listening to him and looking around the room vaguely. I was intimidated when I was looking at the books packed in the bookshelf and the bookcase next to it. It was further overlaid on the previous dismay. In the end, I felt like I was abandoned.
Even so, it was strange that Yokota didn't seem to know that. Even if it came from Yasuko's heart, Yokota should have had a consultation. Shuhei, who is accustomed to the deep affinity of their husband and wife, couldn't help. Then, I was skeptical that I might have said something wrong.
He was trapped in the feeling of abandonment and anxiety. I refused and declined to be advised to have a supper treat. Murata also stood up together. Yasuko sent to the front door. Shuhei glanced at his face, but as usual, he had an unobtrusive look.
Five
Shuhei walked alongside Murata on the dark streets.
The wind was getting stronger. A black cloud that swelled from the south covered the middle of the sky. The color of the evening twilight and the shadow of the clouds were united, and an eerie dimness was floating on the ground. The two walked with their shoulders shrugged.
Shuhei has become strangely concerned. I felt that it might have been revealed in front of Yokota that Yasuko had kindly and confidentially arranged it. If so, it would have been very unfortunate for Yasuko. Besides, it was likely to have bad results. He once again came up with something from before. Considering Yasuko's attitude and Yokota's attitude, I had no idea whether the two of them had consulted with each other.
He was at a loss to guess. And I decided to listen to Murata's opinion. Murata had been intimate with Yokota's house for a long time, and it was he who first took Shuhei to Yokota's house. It seemed safe to talk about this time. It's more likely that it's better to hear his opinion than to feel awkward on his own, in some cases-that's okay, but if so-if so. It was.
Murata was walking silently, worrying about the hat that was likely to be blown away by the wind. Shuhei took the plunge while looking sideways at him.
"Hey, I'd like to hear your opinion."
"What?"
Murata loosened his leg and turned to Shuhei.
"Actually, I'm thinking about it alone, but I have to keep it confidential."
"Oh, that's okay .... Did you get caught by a bad woman?"
"I'm not kidding. I'm serious about it."
"That's why I'm listening seriously."
The two walked silently for a while. Eventually Shuhei said:
"Today I feel like I said something wrong to Mr. Yokota."
"Well ... because you didn't say anything like that."
"I said it when you took off the seat."
"What the hell are you talking about?"
Shuhei made a point in his head and then described things from the beginning in sequence. And he added: "It doesn't matter to me whether it was my wife alone or in consultation with Mr. Yokota. But if my wife intended to be confidential to Mr. Yokota, I wouldn't do it. I told Mr. Yokota about it. It's a small amount of money, but it sounds pretty good on my mind .... I have no idea if Mr. Yokota knew it. . What do you think? "
Murata was listening silently. Even after Shuhei finished saying it, he was still silent.
"Which one do you think?" Prompted Shuhei. "If you don't have a rough idea, I'm kind of worried and have no specifications."
"Because that alone has no idea for me."
Shuhei was also detailed and talked about the attitudes of Yasuko and Yokota with their minds in mind.
After a while, when it was a corner of the street, Murata suddenly shouted.
"I understand."
Shuhei was surprised and stopped.
"You're a very dull man, too," Murata said as he continued to walk.
Shuhei took a few steps earlier and wanted to chase after that.
"How did you find out?"
"Of course, Mr. Yokota knew," Murata said once and for all.
"Is that so?"
"That's right. I don't know which one it came from, but it's just a matter of consultation with the two of us. The first wife does something secretly to the good guys. I'm not like that. "
"Of course I believe that, but today's attitude of Mr. Yokota ..."
"I don't think you can't help it. That's why you're dull."
"why?"
Murata didn't answer it and said something outside.
"I see, I was thinking about something extra, so I said I'd be back early today. Thanks to that, I couldn't make it a supper treat. Would you like to eat somewhere? It's okay."
"Oh, that's okay, but what about now? I don't know yet."
"It's very easy, isn't it?" Murata explained with conviction. ――Mr. Yokota didn't agree with Shuhei's words because he was fooled by his heart. Yokota-san is a person who doesn't like to sell favors to people, so he deliberately made an unfamiliar wind and tried not to give Shuhei a negative negative number. Also, if his wife was confidential, he would have to refuse at first, and the next time Shuhei went to return the money, he wouldn't be so high-flying. Because he has the advantage of consulting with Mr. Yokota, he was able to appear in high-flying vehicles. It would be even more stupid to take care of it anyway. You should trust to be honest.
Shuhei was silently listening to them. And Mr. Yokota's attitude often fell into dismay. However, my wife felt that it couldn't be solved by itself. I couldn't find another reason. In the end, I had no choice but to admit Murata's opinion as the most appropriate.
Murata turned his head, saying, "How is it?
"It seems that you can tell by that ..." Still, Shuhei wanted to go a little further.
"It's not just about that, I know it all. And I know that. Hey, Yokota-san and his wife aren't the watery ones you can imagine. I've had a little trouble with that. . "
Murata turned around and lit a cigarette while avoiding the wind. And he said something like this.
"I often go to my wife to borrow money when I run out of money ..."
Shuhei was surprised to see his profile. It was strange that Murata, who is always quite luxurious, would have such a thing. Besides, although I am very close to both Yasuko and Murata, I have never been able to show such a thing in words or in the appearance. He silently waited for the rest of the story. "Of course, I'll just borrow it," Murata continued to say without hesitation. "But it's a bit of a problem to be known by Mr. Yokota, so I asked my wife to keep it confidential every time. At one point, Mr. Yokota told me something. By the way, I was actually weakened when I was told that it was troublesome to withdraw money from my wife like you often. As Mr. Yokota said, I suddenly noticed. Because I was crying, I was graced | I was angry .... This is what I asked for, is there a reason why Mr. Yokota doesn't know about you this time? But if you're confident that your wife has specially favored you, that's another problem. "
Shuhei felt like he was stabbed in a painful place. For that reason, I also felt uncomfortable. He was silent.
Murata stared at him, but suddenly changed the topic.
"You, Yokota-san's ambitions ... Is it true that you say aspirations, you ..."
At that time, the two passed in front of a butcher shop. Murata stopped.
"Let's make meat here."
The two went inside.
Six
Murata was a heavy drinker. Shuhei was also a good person. The two forgot their meals and piled up cups. When it got hot, I opened the shoji. It was already dark. There was a faint pillar light in the garden planting "Uekomi". There was a large empty pond with pebbles in the dents of the uneven garden, and I could see it flickering among the bushes of the planting that swayed in the wind. Looking from the porch, it looked like a valley. While looking at him and talking about it, the two became quite drunk. The maid who brought Choshi in a new way poured the warishita into the meat pot many times.
"It's been a while since I've had a drink with you," Murata said, leaning against a pillar on the porch.
Shuhei looked at his face [# "I saw" was "I saw" in the bottom line]. Murata's hair, which was a short half-cut at that time, is now stretched long and scraped up behind. I was taken care of myself in a difficult situation. At the same time, the sympathy of Mr. Yokota and others has been felt.
He suddenly said.
"You can keep silent as it is."
"what!"
"To Yokota and his wife ..."
"Good. You can accept your favor silently. You can't be too nervous. I wouldn't say thank you to your wife or Yokota from the beginning."
Murata's principle was to silently receive what you receive-in some cases, you may devour it. It used to be moral to say thank you when you received a favor. In modern times, it is moral to not say thank you. The fine nerves of modern people are more rewarding to be given unconditionally and silently. From the point of view of the recipient, it is a cowardly attitude to try to lighten the negativeness of the heart with gratitude of the mouth.
"It's anachronistic, or a kind of swearing, to be obsessed like you."
Shuhei admitted the paradox to Murata's words, but when he heard the last word, he remembered that Yasuko had said that he was a lonely person the other day. When I wondered if I had a kind of sickness, I found that I was at least too sensitive, if not sick. He felt uncomfortable. I didn't want to touch on the problem. Suddenly I remembered and said something else.
"What is Yokota-san's ambition that you mentioned earlier?"
Murata replied, "Um, that?" "It's boring. Everyone has ambitions and aspirations .... I'd like to tell you more interesting stories. It might be helpful for you."
"Please come and see me," said Shuhei.
Still, Murata didn't quite say it. When Shuhei urged him, he looked like he was in trouble.
"Come on ... it's okay to say it to you ... but this is the real secret."
Murata dried the cup into a sip, then took a deep breath of cigarettes, and then started talking.
"Takashi-chan, you teach, you know that it's neither Yokota-san's child nor his wife's child."
"Even if you know, the first wife is still 256. Is there such a big child? ... I heard from his wife that he is taking over his relatives' children for some reason. I'm sorry. "
"There is a sad romance in that situation."
Shuhei watched and listened to Murata's words.
"I don't know how terrifying I am, but Taka-chan is a child of Yokota-san's cousin and a woman. When Yokota-san and his wife were just friends. That being said, his cousin-it was probably called Yoshikawa, but that person should also be called his wife ... no, Yasuko-san ... I knew that he was Yasuko-san. Yokota-san's father and Yasuko-san's Since I was close to my father, I think I naturally became acquainted with both family members. However, the person named Yoshikawa fell in love with Mr. Yasuko. However, he was a very shy person. Because it was something, I was just thinking about it by myself and kept silent to everyone. In the meantime, the story of the marriage between Mr. Yokota and Mr. Yasuko came together, and the two were openly engaged in a marriage like "Cousin". Yoshikawa was terribly annoyed when he saw it. Finally, he couldn't stand it and gave his thoughts to Yokota. I think it might have been better for me to dawn. Mr. Yokota was very troubled when he heard that. After all, the feelings of Mr. Yokota and Mr. Yasuko have progressed considerably. I think it's time to go out. Still, Mr. Yokota is such a person, so after thinking about himself one step higher, he concluded that there was no choice but to leave it to Mr. Yasuko's choice. This is Mr. Yokota's personality. It's a reason to be a person, and on the one hand, it's also a reason to be wise. For some reason, Mr. Yasuko's choice is clear from the beginning. There is already the consent of both parents between the two. , Mutual feelings are progressing, and Mr. Yoshikawa's house has fallen to zero. Mr. Yoshikawa seems to have been a genius-skinned person with poetry qualities, but a poor genius poet is I don't know if it's good for a lover, but it's not suitable for a good person. It's a little out of balance with Mr. Yokota, who has somehow a solid place for humans. From any point of view, Mr. Yasuko is Mr. Yokota. It's time to choose.
"But Yasuko didn't give that choice, and asked them a question, do you love me as a lover or a good man?"
Murata cut his words there and looked into Shuhei's face. Shuhei feels weird.
"Is this the real story?" He asked.
"It's true. It's like a wife."
Shuhei silently looked back at Murata's face.
"Of course, Mr. Yasuko's question," continued Murata, "I think it wasn't as intelligent as we think. Some of Mr. Yasuko, as you know, have reason and emotions. Because they work together as one. How do you think they answered that question? "
And Murata shined his eyes.
"Mr. Yokota replied: There are no two in love, I just love you. Mr. Yoshikawa is like this. I love you as a lover. So, Mr. Yasuko is Mr. Yokota. I chose ... Yes. I don't really know the subtleties of that area either. "
Shuhei seemed to be pinched by a fox, and stared at Murata's face vaguely.
"But I don't care about that. I think Mr. Yokota was the winner," Murata said in an excuse. "Then, as usual, the victory and defeat of love. One is a brilliant day and the other is a miserable day. Mr. Yoshikawa is half abandoned, or I fell into the temptation of a woman. It wasn't long after I lost my love. I had a weak personality. That woman is you, a famous idiot. I've had a habit of not being a beautiful woman, and I was unpleasantly clear and worked only with my eyes. It was said that I used to be a maid of a cafe, but after that I lived with a certain literary youth, and then There was a new returnee-I don't know what it was-and Mr. Yoshikawa was caught in a place where he lived with it, jumped out of it, and was wandering around. It can't be helped, and the woman got pregnant. She's not a woman who gets pregnant at all. Then Mr. Yoshikawa's agony began. Finally, with the consent of her mother-mother I was alone-I started living with him, but after the birth of a boy, Mr. Yoshikawa was miserable. The woman flew all the time. Besides, with her mother and Mr. Yoshikawa. Every time I collide. My child gets indigestible and has to put on a baby and go to the hospital. I don't know how much Mr. Yoshikawa suffered. My future is bleak. Standing in the meantime, taking care of my child, always having a broken heart with the woman, I couldn't part with the woman, so I put up with it. When I think of Mr. Yoshikawa's heart, I feel unbearable. It lasted for two years. At the end of the second year, the woman finally ran away. It's a story, but it's a strong agreement. Because the woman seemed to be unbearable and went to Osaka. And she's just missing. I'm catching someone again. It must have been. I used to say Eiko Takai, but I don't know if it's her real name or not.
"Since I parted from the woman, Mr. Yoshikawa was locked up at home with his child, but died suddenly about a month later. The name of the disease is acute meningitis, but there are rumors that it is suicide. At that time, Mr. Yoshikawa was sunk into deep melancholy, and he used to cheat the nerve irritation and excitement that sometimes attacked him with alcohol, but after that he fell into deeper melancholy. It seems that a book on pharmacology was found in the book box, but Mr. Yoshikawa died suddenly, whether he died of illness or committed suicide, and later his mother and children. And remained. "
Murata snarled and looked at his eyes as if he was thinking about something.
Along with the breathing breeze, a large amount of rain began to fall, and it fell quietly in a blink of an eye. A strangely bright rain leg fell into the eaves and trees like a monster in the darkness. They closed the shoji on the porch and listened to the sound of rain. The heart was elsewhere.
"Then," Murata continued, "Mr. Yoshikawa's mother and child-that is, my grandmother and grandson had a sad day. For my grandmother, that child is the best choice." It was a consolation, and the grandmother was the only reliance on the child, and she devoted the rest of her life to raising her child.
"Next to these two, it was Mr. Yokota and Mr. Yasuko who were hit hard by Mr. Yoshikawa's death. Although there is no direct relationship, it seems that it resonated with my heart. Still, Mr. Yokota's He is, so to speak, a victor. The sympathy that the victor has for the ruin of the loser is not always so expensive for the victor. I had to take it. Even if I wasn't the person in charge for the time being, I should have an indirect responsibility .... That's why their love was poisoned by Mr. Yoshikawa's death. Things, like injured beasts, go crazy more and more violently the more they get hurt. It seems that Yokota-san and Yasuko-san were even more closely connected. In the spring, he got married and had a new family.
"At Mr. Yoshikawa's house, my grandmother," Grandmother, "lived humblely with tailoring and other things, but even so, she had little savings left and her children had grown up, so she was a grandmother. I was always impressed that he was a great person. The big indentation was to leave his child to a relative's house and to do needlework to another person's house. He wants to serve as a maid, and anyway, leave the child's future tuition.
"When I heard my grandmother's victorious decision, Yokota decided to take care of her child at her own house. I can't really feel that feeling. First of all, you, your child, are on the side of everything. I think that leaving it behind will bring back memories of the past, and it will be quite painful for both Yokota and Yasuko. By doing so, the love of the two will be further inflamed. It's not the age or the time of the year, or maybe it's because of a kind of sin, but it's too good and stupid. Even if you don't put it out, there seems to be another way. Because Mr. Yokota has an incomprehensible depth, it is often hard to imagine what he is thinking. Maybe it was because he had some idea, or maybe it came from Yasuko-san's life-like sexuality. That was just a corner of the story, and Yokota-san's offer was very much for her grandmother. And the child was taken over by Yokota-san's house. That's Taka-chan. My grandmother talks about the owner of a stock shop in a downtown area, but it seems like a maid's crackdown there. He said he was hired as a kid. He was very good at needlework, so he was particularly useful and happy instead. "
Shuhei listened carefully until Murata finished talking. I felt like I couldn't trust it. Murata's story had too many subjective molecules. The narrative and the commentary were about the same amount. And while the essential points were strangely blurry, some parts went too deep.
"Why do you know so much," Shuhei asked.
"There was a person who was close to Mr. Yoshikawa's house, and I heard it directly from that person. It's a certain fact .... But I'm trying to make it easier to understand the psychological aspect. I made an interpretation, but it's completely true to the facts, so there's no mistake. "
Shuhei was staring at Murata's face, which he was good at with conviction, for a while [# "I was watching" was "looking" in the bottom line]. Since it is Murata who is self-employed as a future novelist, it cannot be said that there is not necessarily a point that distorts the facts and adds selfish imagination. However, the whole story had to be affirmed at all costs.
Shuhei thought of the shadow of the lonely loneliness of Takakichi in Yokota's house where he should be happy.
"Are Yokota and his wife still suffering from that?"
"Come on ..." Murata replied. "But nothing is as painful as you might imagine from the side when it comes to being a party. Life is rather a comedy. Even if you're serious, you're often joking."
"Instead, there are many cases where even if you intend to make a joke, you are unexpectedly serious."
"That's right, so life is a comedy," Murata insisted.
Shuhei screamed. He didn't want to argue. I just wanted to think about the facts. He briefly responded to Murata's arguing about various things from the previous story, and he constantly repeated the number of cups. My head is dizzy.
The rain seemed to stop before I knew it. The area was quiet. The voice of the customer in the opposite room was also cut off.
"Let's go home," Shuhei said.
"Oh," Murata replied, and as I remembered, he devoured the cold sake left at the bottom of Choshi.
When I went outside, the clear sky was very low, and pale clouds were torn apart. A clear moon was peeking through the clouds. When I looked up at the surface of the moon, a damp, cold breeze swiftly patted my cheeks, and the rest of the rain began to fall.
Murata exhaled a liquor-smelling breath.
"It's a good night."
After a couple of steps, he suddenly turned to Shuhei.
"You shouldn't worry too much about Mr. Yoshikawa's story."
"why?"
"Why isn't it gone by? And you can't be too obsessed with being too boring. There's a danger of sticking out a tail". I don't think it's good for Yokota-san and others to know the story in detail. "
After proceeding along the train street for a while, we stopped at the corner toward Shuhei's boarding house.
"Are you going back to your boarding house?" Murata asked.
"Oh," Shuhei replied.
Murata was staring at his face, but suddenly he said, "Let's disrespect this," and left.
Shuhei was left alone on a dim street.
Seven
It wasn't until he was alone that Shuhei realized that he was deeply moved by Murata's story. I also helped with the excitement that came from the drunkenness. I was immersed in a sentimental and sad mood.
He didn't go back to the boarding house, he just started walking vaguely. The rain was completely hazy. The cold wind carried the moonlight. He was looking up at the moon, but when he turned into a quiet Yokomachi, he hung down and thought.
He was thinking about the Yokota couple and Ryukichi. I was thinking about the shadows surrounding their destiny. The story was a few years ago, but it felt like a long-lasting tail in the future. What's more, I felt that something that was leaked from Murata's story was actually something more serious. He turned his imagination from dark to dark. Especially for Yasuko. I wanted to imagine that she was suffering deeply injured and suffering alone. I wanted to imagine that Yoshikawa's death was a suicide death, and that it had something to do with Yasuko directly. And Shuhei was aware that this imagination was in his heart. However, it was just a consciousness that did not find out why it was so, so it did not help to suppress the imagination at all.
When I was tired of various imaginations that were sorrowful, Ryukichi persistently appeared in his head. A slender body with a big head, eyes looking at things from the convex forehead, a tall nose with a small nose, thin arms, long fingers, they were strangely creepy. .. The mouth that was surely closed, the long chin that looked good, the slender neck muscles, and the one-sided laughter on the left cheek that was created when laughing, they were all cute. From the appearance of Ryukichi, who had no idea what he was doing, the eerie and cute points were clearly divided into two and reflected in Shuhei's head. He lost his love and hate.
When I was walking while thinking deeply, there was something that made a noise and touched my foot. I was surprised. My body is horrifying. The light of the eaves was faintly flowing on the lonely street. I was stepping on one foot while one branch of a tree with green leaves was falling. When I tried to pull my leg out, I heard a rustling noise and the branches came one step further. I was horrified again. I got rid of the branches and leaves and made 56 steps faster. Cold sweat was flowing under my armpits.
He tried to return calmly. However, the anxiety of being driven by something did not disappear. Before I knew it, I came to my boarding house. I went inside. I was thirsty. It was a hassle, so I went to the washroom and drank tap water there.
When I entered my room, I fell asleep immediately. I had a slight headache that seemed to be in the distance. In between the headaches, he thought of Yasuko as if he were swearing. It was a gentle figure who smiled sadly.
However, in the morning he couldn't immerse himself in the illusion anymore. Her eyes, which seemed to contain a mystery at the bottom while being clear in the pure and clear light, stared at him. He was in trouble with his mind.
     Eight
"Mr. Inoue, you're kind of weird these days. If you're worried, don't wrap it up."
When I visited to teach Ryukichi next Monday, Yasuko asked me that way.
"I have nothing to worry about," Shuhei replied, pretending to be calm.
"Yes, that's fine .... But it doesn't seem like I'm thinking about it. It's not ... I've been here before, even at that time, I came early or came back soon, and on top of that, it's strange. Yokota also said that he seemed to be restless and restless. You can't have the habit of thinking hard on your own. "
"Well, that's just my habit," Shuhei tried to parry lightly in a joke.
However, Yasuko pushed it from her head.
"Maybe that's right. Get rid of your sickness early. You have to be more cheerful."
"But if you are not a happy person, you cannot be cheerful."
"Is there such a thing? If you have a straight heart, you can be cheerful no matter how unhappy you are."
The fact that her so-called "so-called" heart was straight was a so-called "smoothness" of pure honesty. Even if you make a mistake in your thoughts, you can feel at ease when you follow the straightforward and straightforward path. People only have to look at their own hearts.
"Like you," Yasuko said, "From beginning to end | If you just worry about the thoughts of others, you will never feel calm."
When it was said that way, Shuhei became strangely serious about his feelings. And said.
"I like being pure, but I don't really agree with being simple, because simple is a kind of foolishness."
"But isn't it better to be simple and deep than complex and shallow?"
"Then, the selfishness of one person is also precious."
Yasuko was amazed.
"Oh, you can't think in theory. You don't understand me at all. For example ... Have you ever fallen in love? You should know. "
Shuhei silently stared at Yasuko's eyes. Yasuko did not take her eyes off. Shuhei suddenly became anxious. I said it to him.
"Then, is your wife still in love?"
After saying that, he learned that his face turned red. Rather than the ridiculous humor of my own words, I felt that I couldn't laugh at it strangely.
"Well, what are you talking about!" Said Yasuko. "I won't talk to you anymore."
Shuhei raised his face. Yasuko turned to the side with a sharp mouth. Seeing the angry appearance, he felt relieved. In this case, it was the most reassuring to get angry rather than to be joking or sarcastic. But the next moment, when he admitted that her eyes were laughing, he didn't know what to do. I felt ugly and miserable myself.
And when I left Yasuko's side and became alone, I was constantly threatened by that feeling. I was frustrated at the end. He took the indignation toward Ryukichi without knowing it.
Before Shuhei arrived, Ryukichi always went into his four and a half and lined up the first grade elementary school textbooks on his desk. Then, Shuhei's appearance was greeted with a glance.
"Is there anything you don't understand?" Said Shuhei.
"No," usually Ryukichi replied.
Nevertheless, Ryukichi sometimes asked a few questions. Shuhei explained it politely. However, Ryukichi was listening in the sky above. After the explanation, I made a little laugh on one cheek and looked at Shuhei's face seriously. Shuhei felt foolish. I felt that I asked him to know what he was doing. He said on purpose.
"I understand."
"Yes," Ryukichi replied clearly.
"Is there anything you don't understand anymore?"
"Yes," Ryukichi replied again.
Shuhei took a reading book and tried to read it. Ryukichi read it smoothly. Shuhei wondered if he should read what he didn't teach at school. But that was to diminish interest in classroom lessons. If there is something you don't understand during the review, you have to tell me as much as you want. However, the preparation should be left to the child himself. Even if the interpretation is wrong, letting the child come to the classroom with his or her own interpretation is the reason why the classroom is most intoxicated. So Shuhei believed. So he didn't teach Ryukichi at all about the parts that weren't taught at school yet. However, Ryukichi was an excellent student. What I learned at school seemed to come to my mind. ...... He read the reading book smoothly. Even so, I sometimes made a small mistake. Shuhei was waiting. There was a feeling of hate from the beginning. I picked up the mistake and accused him of being negligent. Ryukichi was fine.
"I know, but I was a little wrong."
Shuhei wanted to go even further. However, I stopped because I wasn't an adult. And there was about 34 minutes of wasted time left in front of them. It was a promise of only one hour a week. It was, in fact, just a nominal home professor, as Yasuko said.
Shuhei wanted to kill time with selfish drawings and penmanship. But Ryukichi didn't like it. I wanted to hear various stories. Shuhei didn't like it again. Ryukichi said that he would like us to talk about history in detail. Shuhei started listening to Japanese myths to kill time, but it was boring to continue. I was interested in Greek mythology, but I thought it would be too difficult for Ryukichi. ...... In the end, both of them were silent. It was boring.
"Why don't you go for a walk?" Shuhei said.
"Where?" Ryukichi answered and calmed down.
Shuhei stared at his face [# "I saw" was "I saw" in the bottom line]. The wide and high-priced work was strangely aged. I felt like an orphan.
"Takashi-chan," said Shuhei, "I remember my dad's face."
"I don't remember, but I know it well because my grandmother has a photo," Ryukichi replied.
"A photo of my dad!"
"Yes. I took a picture before I died."
"Then, can you show it to me? Borrow it from my grandmother. Hey, okay. My grandmother will come from time to time. If you ask me this time, she will bring it to me the next time. . "
Ryukichi was watching the rush, but he promised to borrow a photo.
Shuhei reminded me, "It's a good idea!"
     Nine
For Shuhei, Yoshikawa was a person who suddenly stood between Yasuko and Ryukichi and himself. Although he is already a deceased person, he has been casting a shadow until now. He felt that his feelings towards Yasuko and Ryukichi were strangely threatened by the shadow. I thought it would calm me down if I knew the truth of the facts, but I had no way of asking anyone for more certainty than Murata's story. At the very least, if I looked at Yoshikawa's photo and had the face clearly in mind, it seemed to make me feel a little relaxed. What's more, it was likely to be a letter to know Yasuko's true heart towards Yoshikawa. I had no idea what to do when I knew it. I just wanted to know. --He waited for a picture of Yoshikawa.
However, Ryukichi didn't show it easily. The initial answer was that my grandmother hadn't come yet. In the end, he answered that it was very bad.
"Why?" Asked Shuhei.
"I haven't searched for it."
"Well, I don't have a photo! ... Taka-chan said that my grandmother had a photo taken before she died."
"But my grandmother can't find it no matter how much I look for it. Even if I ask Mr. Inoue to show it, he won't bring it. He said he would bring it right away. "
Shuhei thought he wasn't lying. My grandmother couldn't forget her precious son's photo. There must have been some reason.
"And my grandmother didn't say anything else."
"Yes."
"I can't say that. I guess I said something .... I don't tell anyone, so hey, what did my grandmother say?"
"Because I didn't say anything."
Shuhei stared at the neck. The small, tall nose of the nose was clear. The forehead, which seemed to be thoughtful, was silent. However, an embarrassing color floated in my eyes looking from below. Shuhei thought that he was hiding it.
"You can't hide it, you know it," Shuhei said. And I don't want to see the picture in a bad way, I feel like I want to see it because I'm Takashi's father, and if I meet my grandmother, I can ask her directly, so it's strange. He said that he felt uncomfortable when hidden, and that he wanted to be clear that there was a reason he couldn't show it. However, in the meantime, I felt a certain point in my mind. I'm feeling frustrated myself. He turned around and started attacking Ryukichi. It's the worst thing to tell a lie, say if your grandmother said something. He explained that if he couldn't say what it was, he wouldn't force him to ask, and it would be bad to say that he didn't say it. He screamed in a hurry. Ryukichi was crying strangely before he knew it.
The body was lightly supported by a desk, the face was laid down, and the shoulders were rubbed up. Shuhei was stunned when his first surprise subsided. I didn't understand why I cried.
Ryukichi didn't stop crying for a long time.
"What's wrong? Why are you crying?" Asked Shuhei.
Ryukichi was silent. Shuhei asked many times, but didn't get a single reply. In the end He gazed at Ryukichi, who was rubbed on his shoulders, did not move, did not spill tears, and was hardened like a stone in his sobbing. That relentless feeling was transmitted to him. He muttered. I was silent forever. It seemed like a long time had passed.
"... Because my grandmother didn't say anything."
There was such a low voice. Shuhei suddenly raised his face. When I saw him, Ryukichi stopped crying and looked up at him.
"I don't lie."
Shuhei was still silent. I felt very uncomfortable. I frowned and lay down there.
After a while, Ryukichi said again.
"My grandmother didn't really say anything. No matter how much I asked, she didn't bring me because I couldn't find it .... But I'll ask you once. I'll say so when I come. From ... "
"It's okay," said Shuhei.
"Because ..." Ryukichi screamed halfway through. Then he approached Shuhei. "I also want to show you a picture of my dad. I'm sure my grandmother has it ..."
"I don't want to see it anymore," Shuhei shouted.
The two were silent. Shuhei is getting into trouble. I got up and left the room. I went back to the boarding house without greeting Yasuko.
When I was walking under the gloomy cloudy sky, my appearance seemed miserable. I constantly kicked pebbles on the street with the tip of clogs. When I noticed it myself, I felt reluctant again.
What are you abandoning? He himself bathed himself. When I calmed down a little and reflected on it, I felt scared. I had no idea how far my emotions would fall. Isn't it just one photo? I didn't have to be so particular about it. What's more, that disgusting attitude towards Ryukichi ... He remembered his face turning red by himself. It was even more embarrassing than I was sorry for Ryukichi.
But why didn't my grandmother bring a picture of Yoshikawa? It just didn't fall into my mind. There seemed to be no lies in Ryukichi's words. If so, I can't say it to Ryukichi-or I don't know-there must be some reason. Perhaps it was related to Yasuko. My grandmother probably didn't bring the photo to Yasuko.
Shuhei found himself falling into deeper and deeper questions. When I was tired of my imagination, I tried to pull everything out of my head. I didn't care about Yoshikawa, who died a few years ago.
Yasuko touched on the problem in a strange way.
Ten
"Mr. Inoue, I've been waiting for you to talk to me," Yasuko said.
Shuhei was sharp. The picture that stuck to the bottom of my head came to my mind. However, Yasuko didn't say it immediately. I was calm and looking at his complexion. Shuhei has been squeezing.
"What is the story?" He urged. "Please tell me. Will you be scolded again?"
"In some cases, you can scold me," Yasuko replied, smiling lightly.
It was something different than usual. Shuhei was silent, feeling inadvertently dumb. And in fact, Yasuko said something he didn't expect.
"Who is the one who is the best at all, rather than the one you are closest to ..."
Shuhei vaguely looked at her face.
"Who is that? Or is there no such person?"
"There is one," Shuhei replied straightforwardly. "I don't know your wife, but I'm a senior in my hometown called Nomura. I just became a law bachelor, and I'm still living in a boarding house and working at a bank. Even when I was about to run out of school fees and decided to quit school, that person helped me a lot .... But mentally, I'm not that close. "
"I know about Mr. Nomura from you. What else?"
"Come on ... I don't have any friends who can tell me anything."
"Then, what about Mr. Murata?"
"I'm very close to Murata, but I'm just an ordinary friend."
"But I'm sure I'll reveal a lot of things."
Shuhei noticed for the first time. Murata must have said something. Thinking about that day, I became anxious.
"I don't remember consulting Murata about anything serious ..." he said, looking at Yasuko's face [# "I saw" was "I saw" in the bottom line. "].
"It's not a serious thing, it's a boring thing, so I still have to get rid of it," Yasuko smiled again. "Mr. Murata came and asked me to borrow a little pocket money, but I refused because it was so frequent. Then I was staring at my face, but I wonder what to say. My wife said that she shouldn't do "eco-favorite", she would cherish Inoue and alienate me. That's why I beat her up, Inoue-san is walking seriously. But you're not serious. Still, you've finally taken your pocket money .... You can't talk about boring things. Mr. Murata is a nice person, but he's so bullshit that I can't trust him carelessly. I can't talk about many things. "
"Is that all?" Said Shuhei.
"Do you think there is still something?"
When asked so, Shuhei was at a loss to reply. I was worried about the last word. He looked at Yasuko's face. The smile on his mouth was strangely ironic, and he felt that the light of his eyes was strangely ridiculous. It was hard for him to be seen from Yasuko like that. I thought I'd throw everything away. However, I kept it down and said this much.
"If you have something, please tell me completely. It's the best thing to keep your feelings."
Yasuko was silent. He lifted his beautiful eyebrows and opened his eyes wide. Shuhei felt his eyes turned to his heart. He said again.
"Please tell me if something goes wrong. I feel that if my wife tells me, I can accept it with my true heart. I want to fix myself as much as possible."
"Then there is something wrong."
"Well, to me?"
"Yes."
"No, there is nothing," Shuhei replied.
"Then you heard something."
"No," Shuhei replied.
"Then you did something."
"No."
"In that case, there is something to worry about."
"No," Shuhei replied.
"It's weird. If you don't have any troubles, hears, finishes, or cares, then there's nothing. It's a lie. There's something. Don't hide it."
Shuhei was stunned. Before I knew it, the question was asked. He rushed to get it back. And while I was looking for words, I was overtaken by Yasuko.
"You're still hiding it. It wasn't a promise to hide anything. Tell me what you care about."
Shuhei looked into Yasuko's eyes, but had to take her eyes off in front of her unflinching gaze. I felt that I was more negative. From there came another desperate courage. He said to the discipline.
"I bullied Takashi for being boring."
"Oh, that's it?" Said Yasuko. "I've done a lot of things that I'm not an adult. But I wondered what happened at first. After you return, Takakichi will be crying. How much do you ask? I'm silent, so when I think about it, it's not boring. Poorly, don't tease your child. If you want to see Mr. Yoshikawa's picture so much, I'll borrow it now. . "
"It's okay. I'm afraid I can't even look at it .... At first, I wanted to see it because I was Takashi's father ..."
"why?"
"Why, just ... somehow ... I felt like my favorite person," Shuhei replied quickly at the beginning and at the end.
"that's all?"
"Yes."
"really?"
"Really."
"Yes," said Yasuko.
The two talked. It was a strangely half-hearted feeling. But Yasuko didn't say anything anymore. After a while, he asked me.
"Do you like fishing?"
Shuhei felt that his feelings had been neglected. I couldn't reply to him. Yasuko kept saying that. Yokota said that he would go fishing when it was hot, he was told a lot about the fun of fishing, and he seemed to think it was interesting. If you say there's nothing you don't have, it's because you still can't figure out your true hobby, "she concludes.
Shuhei was listening vaguely. My heart hasn't moved to that point yet. And at the right time, he left to escape from Yasuko's side.
Yasuko's attitude did not fall into him. In her story, her head was exaggerated and her tail disappeared. The same was true for Murata. So was the photo. And in both cases he was slaughtered. When I asked Murata in a strangely serious way, the main customer fell down before I knew it, and when I went a little deeper from the photo, I was suddenly confused about the fishing fish. It wasn't her usual tone. Shuhei repeated things from the beginning in his head. In the meantime, a certain line-a setup-was gradually revealed. It was a trap that was prepared and set up. From below, her wise and sensitive eyes were peeping.
Shuhei felt trapped by Yasuko. Admitting herself manipulated at her will. But he didn't take it as a grudge. Rather, it was sad to think later that I couldn't throw my naked heart in front of her. But what he was dissatisfied with was that she used that means. It didn't hit me head-on as usual. And again, why did she take that attitude? There was also a suspicion that. The suspicion also extended to Yoshikawa.
Looking out of dissatisfaction and suspicion, her heart seemed to move away more and more difficult to grasp. I felt like I was left alone in the mist. He couldn't help feeling frustrated. From that frustration, he became even more cold towards Ryukichi without knowing it.
After fulfilling the formal obligations in response to a few questions, Shuhei lay down on the tatami mat without even thinking about using the rest of the time. From the window of the room, I could see the narrow sky through the treetops of Oleander. It was a quiet sky with no shadows of clouds or birds. My eyes got tired when I was staring at it. I blinked and turned my face sideways. Ryukichi was still sitting at the desk, looking vaguely at the books. It seemed that I was thinking about other things in my mind. It wasn't because of laziness, but because of a sullen head. What are you thinking about? When I thought so, I became a little hated.
Ryukichi glanced at his face and pushed forward with his mind and body.
"Mr. Inoue, I had a dream of my dad."
"What kind of dream?" Said Shuhei.
"My dad was flying in the air, he was flying straight."
"then?"
"I don't remember that much."
Shuhei stared at his eyes. And said.
"For real?"
Ryukichi moved his eyes around. He sharpened his mouth and swelled his nose, making a face that seemed to start crying.
"Mr. Inoue always thinks I'm lying."
"I don't think it's a lie," Shuhei replied.
"Because ... I never lied ..."
"That's why I don't think it's a lie."
The two were silent. Ryukichi turned to the desk and sneaked the book. After a while, I looked back again. However, when I saw Shuhei's silence, I turned to the desk again. While Shuhei was there, he seemed to spend a lot of time studying corners, even if he had nothing to do. It was also unpleasant for Shuhei. After patience, he stood up.
However, after that he blamed himself for his attitude. In order to reward the favor of Yokota and others, I should have been as kind to Ryukichi as possible. In this case, he was very grateful for the monthly 20 yen.
     eleven
The small tuition fees sent from Mizutani in Hankou tended to be interrupted. After I went to the store over there and refused to work, I couldn't urge him because I was willing to be blessed unconditionally even if I made such a decision. Mizutani was just a distant edge of Shuhei and had no direct connection. I also sent the tuition to Nomura, who is in a position like Shuhei's guardian-maybe because of the banking relationship-Shuhei received it from Nomura's hand. From the beginning, he couldn't borrow money from Nomura or charge Mizutani extra. Along with the fall of my hometown, I caused a great deal of trouble to my close relatives, so I couldn't even sneak into that. "I'll do it alone!" He professed.
When in trouble, I sold the books or went to a pawn shop with a kimono wrapping [# "I went" is a mama] Rabbits and horns were temporarily surpassing. But that didn't last long either. Eventually, the books disappeared and the kimono flowed away. The boarding house has been paid. And I got Yokota's help to the place where I was at a loss. With that assistance, the months have finally passed.
It was power for him to think of Yokota. Furthermore, it was both comfort and light for him to think of Mrs. Yokota-Yasuko. He was able to calmly attend college, which he had tended to take a long time off.
It was strangely out of my mind. I also tended to take a day off from school. I sometimes slept until late in the morning. No matter what I did, it wasn't interesting. I felt that studying was boring. When I was vague without thinking about anything, I suddenly thought of Yasuko. The next moment I was thinking about Yoshikawa's death. Suddenly, I fantasized that Ryukichi was a child of Yoshikawa and Yasuko.
He was surprised by himself. It was too stupid. And I tried not to use my head for not going down. However, the more consciously I tried, the more I became more and more enthusiastic about it. He deeply appreciates and seeks Yasuko's warmth, and on the other hand, imagines a secret shadow in Yasuko's heart. That was strangely anxious for me.
When I went to school, I was tired of taking notes, and I was reluctant to chat with my friends, so he was often alone and leaning over the trees on the edge of the pond. On the cloudy water surface, the light of the morning sun fell diagonally, and the appearance of red and black carp emerged and disappeared toward the bottom again. The shadow of a small bird with a few pine trees was reflected as a shadow picture in a place that seemed to be a few shaku deep in the water. When I was looking at it without seeing it, the shadow of the pine swayed and the figure of Yasuko floated on the surface of the water, as if I had shed oil. When I noticed, it had disappeared. The voice of the cicada suddenly came to my ears.
He was somehow worried. I wanted to visit Yasuko, so I went straight to her house. Weirdly throbbing, I passed in front of my house a couple of times and then went inside. As I stood vaguely at the front door, a maid came out.
"Oh, I'm not Mr. Inoue. Please go up. I thought it was a customer."
He went to the back after such a maid.
Yasuko was sitting in the back room, leaning on her elbows on her desk and sitting sloppy. As Shuhei entered, he turned around with only his upper body.
"Well, I was surprised." Then I stared at Shuhei's face. "What's wrong, so early?"
"Because it's already ten o'clock."
"That's it? ... But what do you want?"
Shuhei tried to answer "No.", but stopped it and came up with a humor.
"Is your teacher at home? I came to borrow a book."
"I went out for a while, but I'll be back soon. But if you're in a hurry, bring it with me, I'll tell you later."
"Yes," Shuhei replied, but he didn't get up.
Yasuko seemed to cover the desk strangely. He seemed to be distracted by that person. That attracted Shuhei's heart. He blew up and looked into the desk at the beat.
"Don't look at me," said Yasuko.
There was a small manuscript paper spelled on the desk. Shuhei was amazed.
"Does your wife write a novel?"
Yasuko laughed, saying, "No way." "This is my diary."
"Do you keep a diary?"
"Yes." And Yasuko suddenly became serious. "I keep a diary because Yokota says that it's especially useful for women, so I keep it as a trial. But I can't write what I thought when people see it, so until a certain time, I'll keep it in Yokota. I'm not going to show you .... There's something interesting about it. Let's read it in secret. "
"Your wife probably wrote it for you to read it confidentially."
"Yes, but don't let anyone know."
"No problem."
Yasuko started reading by showing off the sloppy place.
Mrs. Mizushima is here- (You know Mrs. Mizushima ... yes, you're a painter)-Mr. Mizushima is here. Serve dinner. I also serve alcohol. Tell a lot of interesting stories. In the meantime, she says, when do you think she will lose her coquette? Yokota thinks that it is from the time he becomes a mother and gains awareness as a mother. However, Yokota says that he may lose a lot even after becoming a married woman. Then Mrs. Mizushima says that is not the case, and that Hosono, who has no children, is as coquettish as a virgin. And-(Oh, it's hard to say) And your little boy is no exception to that example. Then Yokota says that Yasuko's attitude is coquettish, but her heart is heroic. Mr. Mizushima asked me if that was the case, and I answered that it was neither of them, Furish. So I made a big laugh.
After reading, Yasuko looked at Shuhei's face and looked like "How?" Shuhei didn't know what to say. I thought it was ridiculous in my head, but I was serious in my heart.
"Let's read a little, or don't you want to hear it anymore?" Asked Yasuko.
"Please tell me. I'm sorry from the beginning," Shuhei replied.
"I'm in love with you. Then there's only one. Let's read the longest part."
And she flipped through the pages.
Today, Ryukichi came back from school and was thinking about something. I'm mourning without speaking to the go. ―― (Oh, this can be your reference) ―― Even if you ask what happened, I won't tell you the reason. When asked more often, he answered that he had an unpleasant eye at school. Ryukichi raised his hand when the teacher of morals told him to raise his hand if he had no parents. Then, after the class was over, the teacher came and comforted me in various ways. And when he was told to put up with sad things and study harder, Ryukichi replied that he wouldn't be sad at all without his parents. The teacher said that it was Ryukichi's patience, and that it was not good to be stubborn like that, and that he had to be honest. Ryukichi replied that he didn't say anything stubborn. And he said he had a fight with his teacher.
When I heard the story, I didn't understand it well. So, it's bad to go against the teacher, so please keep silent no matter what you say from now on, and I just said that and comforted the rest.
In the meantime, I made Yokota the story on the right. Yokota then said that it was a bad teacher, a sympathetic push, and Ryukichi felt it darkly and was stuck with it. The interpretation seemed so selfish to me that I should accept sympathy as sympathy anyway. Yokota says that children do not seek sympathy, but love. But sympathy can deepen love, I said. Yokota says that the love of sympathy is impure, and children like Ryukichi are particularly sensitive to that. Then we had a brief discussion about sympathy and love. And in the end, I didn't know what to do.
After reading Yasuko, she saw Shuhei's face again with an eye like "How?".
Shuhei didn't answer anything. He was more distracted by Yasuko's heart, which made him read it, than what was written there. After reading a secret diary, he didn't know how to take her heart, staring at him with a kind of brilliant dew. For mere familiarity, the two articles read were too touching to him. I also felt that something was being tried.
"What are you thinking, keep silent. You're a non-competitive person," Yasuko laughed. Then suddenly I changed my tone. "Oh, you were in a hurry. I don't mind, please bring the book. I'll tell the teacher later."
Shuhei stood up vaguely. I felt like I was being driven away. I went upstairs and picked up a sloppy book. At the front door, he bowed to Yasuko with his eyes down.
     twelve
Shuhei took a breather for the first time after leaving Yasuko. And that kind of self was abominable. I thought that such a state was unbearable. On this occasion, I decided to throw everything at Yasuko head-on.
However, that decision was extended to the next opportunity. When he stepped out in front of Yasuko, he found himself a little crazy. Yasuko's eyes are ridiculous, asylum-like, asylum-like, pampered, sought-after, or amiable to him. , The occasional color came to me. He didn't know which one to take as true.
His heart became more and more impatient. The desire to confess everything to Yasuko and refresh her became stronger and stronger. However, when I thought about the words in my head, the problem wasn't just about Yoshikawa. I didn't really care about Yoshikawa, who died a few years ago!
Shuhei was stunned when he noticed it. I felt like I had been seeing all the illusions. Looking back, I remembered more about Yoshikawa's photographs and Ryukichi's diary. It was ridiculous for me to make a selfish guess about Yasuko's attitude at that time. Yoshikawa is nothing for Yasuko, and if you interpret it that way, everything seems to be done easily.
Shuhei felt like he was awakened from his dream, and walked around the streets and went out to the suburbs. However, a new anxiety suddenly shook his heart.
Isn't there any other reason why you were so detained in Yoshikawa? He asked himself. Even if I removed Yoshikawa from my head, my feelings for Yasuko were no different from before. Then, I wondered if he borrowed Yoshikawa only on the surface and was actually thinking about himself. Did you fall in love with Yasuko inwardly without knowing it? ...... I couldn't get anything like that. Even if it wasn't, I couldn't make a decision.
On the other hand, he didn't understand Yasuko's feelings either. It seemed to him that what she had in her heart was love, play, or just friendliness and favor. .. When I thought about various things, I couldn't say that the former two were too self-confident, and I couldn't conclude that they were the latter one.
Apart from Yoshikawa, when I put the problem on the right, he found himself in a terrible breach. That was a problem for the time being. All of them were questions, and I couldn't grasp anything certain.
If I fell in love with Yasuko and Yasuko would love me ... I imagined that much and he was stunned. However, it was a situation that could not be said to be the case. I had to do something about it now. I didn't even know what to do. I couldn't stand it because I was worried about how my heart would roll. To make matters worse, the anxiety was secretly in his heart.
     Thirteen
While Shuhei was confused by himself, he eventually went on a summer vacation. And for about a month from the beginning of August, Yokota's house was for the whole family-although the Yokota couple, Takakichi, and one maid-to avoid the heat on the Hitachi coast. became. There was a relative's villa in Mito.
While I was absent, I was alone with the maid. Shuhei was asked to stay away because he was not careful.
"Hey, that's fine," said Yasuko. "Rather than messing around in the small room of the boarding house, you should come home and lie down on your own. Also, if you are in the boarding house, you will have to pay a high room fee and food. You don't have to do anything uneconomical.
"Because ..." Shuhei muttered.
"What's the matter .... A man isn't very determined. I've already decided on that. Yokota says that there will be various conveniences for Mr. Inoue, so please consult with me. But it's already happening. "
Shuhei agreed with both rabbits and horns with a bitter smile. In fact, it was much better to be away from a large house than to lie in a boarding house without having to spend the heat. Besides, I was a little worried about the tuition fee after September. It would have been very convenient if the boarding house fee for the whole of August would be saved.
When it came to that, he hesitated. I was afraid that spending the day at Yasuko's house, even when I was absent, would have an even worse effect on my painful heart. On the one hand, her trip was a unique opportunity to put her heart away from her. He wondered if he would turn it down again with some excuse. But while I wasn't able to make a decision, it was the day.
It was a strange day. Shuhei got up early in the morning and tried to open the window. The sky and the ground were dim. It was almost raining. He thought the departure would be delayed because it was raining today. And he was foolish. I went out with an umbrella in my hand around 6:30. On the way, the light of the morning sun suddenly came. The sky cleared up beautifully, and the fog was clear behind the trees. It was because of the fog that it looked cloudy. He hastened his legs.
When I went to Yokota's house, I was ready to leave.
"Why did you bring an umbrella?" Said Yokota.
"Yes, I thought it was raining."
Yasuko looked at him with a smile on her eyes. But she was silent. It seemed to be busy.
He had breakfast before meals, so he hurriedly had breakfast. After that, I went out ahead of everyone and went to Ueno station by electric train.
The passengers weren't crowded because it was early in the morning and it was a train to Ichinoseki. Shuhei walked around the strangely lonely corridor with few see-offs, with his arms crossed. I felt like I couldn't wait for the train to come out.
"Tell the maid as you like, whether it's food or whatever, because you're the master of the house," Yasuko said. "But you can't just fly late into the night .... I'll send you a letter if something interesting happens."
Shuhei silently looked back at his face.
After the train came out, Ryukichi forever stuck his head out to the train window and stared at me, which strangely remained in Shuhei's head.
He stood vaguely and waited until the train disappeared. I felt lonely. I felt relieved.
     fourteen
Shuhei thus ended up spending the heat at Yokota's house. A fat maid with small eyes and short legs took care of everything.
Although it was a familiar house, he was quiet at first because there were no people to be there, so at first he felt like he was on a trip. I lay down in the corner of the room and walked in the garden. Everything was unusual.
However, within a week, the rarity disappeared, and when I learned about everything from the inside of the room to every corner of the garden, I remembered a rambling vague emptiness.
My friends were usually away from Tokyo, and those who remained in Tokyo didn't know that they would spend the heat at Yokota's house. In the absence of the Yokota family, it was somehow confusing to gather friends and do whatever they wanted. So, Murata and Nomura had only visited once each. After that, Murata was on a journey.
Shuhei had a vague day without doing anything. I took a book from the bookshelf, which was said to be free, and read it, but I didn't feel like it at all. It was boring. I went through boredom and did not rely on it strangely. He asked himself where this dissatisfaction came from. But in fact, I knew the cause. I knew it, but I didn't want to admit it.
It wasn't so in the daytime, but when the night calmed down, he was thinking about Yasuko before he knew it. It was a feeling of reminiscent of the people of the deceased long ago. He was exploring his memory and trying to reveal her. The address was like carving her statue on a stone block. At first it was just a vague statue. Besides, I have a sharp eye that gives off a pure and pure light. After a short pause from my eyes, I could see the beautifully printed eyebrows. In the curve of the cheeks, which is tense with a lonely shadow of reason, thin lips that are surely tied up and down with a slight distortion and deep dents on the corners of the mouth have appeared. Also, the tufted hair that skillfully hides the slightly square and masculine forehead, the thin neck that tends to tilt well, the paralyzed upper and chest that seems to be weak, and the center of gravity of the whole body. The waist, the slender crotch to the legs, the long, glossy little nails on the tips of the fingers, and so on. He spent a considerable amount of time carving that much statue in his head. I was looking forward to doing it patiently and slowly. When I found a point that didn't fall into my mind, I immediately broke it and remade it. When the statue was completed, I dreamed of looking at it vaguely. However, depending on how he felt, the image quickly became blurry and disappeared. Especially in the daytime, it wasn't well organized.
It was lonely for him. And, knowing the cause of the loneliness, I was more and more fascinated by trying to find some other excuse. He looked at Yasuko in his brain as if he were not an existing person. There was a faint sentiment there. He wasn't satisfied just by looking at the statue of Yasuko, who had lifted it up, and ended up walking and sitting on it. I moved around in the corner of the room, in the garden, and around me, as I felt at the moment.
In the meantime, the statue of Yasuko took a certain figure and stopped moving there.
It was the figure she read the diary. Wrapped in a dignified muslin kimono with a bellflower pattern, her appearance was even cleaner than usual. It leans half of its body on the desk, and while hiding the diary with both sleeves as if it were a lie, it turns around with a slight twist on the waist and muscular neck, and with eyes that contain a bottomless shine, it sits still. I was looking at it. He then received a suspicious fascination.
When I was walking in the garden after dinner, I suddenly felt that she was in the back room. Even if I lay down on the second floor or came back from a walk, it was still the case. However, when I gently looked into the back room with a casual breeze while feeling uneasy about the maid, the light of the electric lamp shining from here was reflected in the awns of the vine leaf pattern, and the inside of the room was dim. I was wandering.
One day, in the daytime, after the maid went out to work, he went into the back room. He hadn't set foot alone yet, as it was a room mostly monopolized by Yasuko. When I gently entered with the feeling that something could be expected, the appearance inside was no different from before. A desk was placed near the window on the far left, and an inkstone and an inkstone were on top. Two chests were lined up along the wall. Between the alcove, there was a koto in a bag leaning against one corner, a large mirror stand in the other corner, and a Yuzen crepe mirror hanging on the surface of the mirror. He looked through them, but somehow he was very lonely. I wasn't satisfied with her absence. I went in front of the mirror and flipped up the mirror to reflect my face. It had a weakened face with no vitality. I opened the drawer of the mirror stand. There were a lot of combs, hairpins and hair pins. The next drawer was full of makeup bottles. All of them seemed to be worn out. I took one of them and sniffed it. It didn't smell faint.
At that time, there was a footstep of a person towards the entrance. He hurried out of the room and stood on the porch. The maid was back. The maid immediately went to the kitchen. He was finally relieved. At the same time, I felt a high heart palpitations.
The coincidence was terribly worrisome later. Although I was worried, my heart was fascinated. Eventually, he was amazed at himself as he planned to find Yasuko's diary. It was an act that betrayed the trust of the Yokota couple, and was also the most sneaky and arrogant act. However, the heart that once slipped did not stop. What's more, how did you get the excuse? Knowing Yasuko's true heart through a diary seemed to be the only way to bring herself into a strange place back to the right place. If it made the future safe, the one-time sin would have been fully compensated. At that time, considering Yasuko's attitude of trying to read it in secret, she might have the desire to show everything, or the will to enlighten herself. ...... Rabbits, he concludes, that once you get to where you are going, the road will naturally open up.
Thus, he saw an opportunity to look for her diary.
The maid did laundry and took a nap, so it was difficult to empty the house. Still, I sometimes went shopping. Shuhei did not miss the slight opportunity. After that, I became quite bold, and I got a job and went to the messenger. With the excuse of being careless, I closed the back door completely and put a nail in the glass door at the entrance. And he searched for Yasuko's diary.
However, I couldn't really touch the chest of drawers, and while I was inspecting the drawer of the desk, the cupboard, and the hand library, I suddenly felt scared and sometimes escaped. .. When the horror subsided, I felt strangely vague as if I weren't myself. And with an empty heart, he portrayed Yasuko's illusion as if he were snarling.
From Yasuko, the postcards that arrived over there were all there, and there was no news. He became more and more uncomfortable.
"Mr. Inoue," said the maid, "What are you thinking about every day? Don't go for a walk. It's poisonous to your body."
"It's better to stay at home," Shuhei replied.
"You're actually changing. You're not lonely without talking to anyone all day .... Your wife said that too. Mr. Inoue often talks when he feels like it, If you don't feel like it, you just keep silent. There are times when you don't want to talk, but it's rare for someone like you to keep silent for days. "
"Mr. Yokota is also a quiet person."
"But not as much as you ... except when you quarrel with your wife."
"Well, does Yokota sometimes quarrel with his wife?"
"It's not as much as it is. It's only once since I came."
"Why did you quarrel?"
"I don't know why, but I was talking upstairs until late at night. We fell asleep, so I don't know what it was. But then for a couple of days. The teacher and his wife were silent, and even a single word was unspeakable, so we were really scared. "
"then?"
"And that's it."
Shuhei stood up. I was curious about such a story and became strangely unpleasant. At the same time, repulsion against the unpleasantness arose. I felt like I wanted to control the poison with poison.
He went up to the study on the second floor and stirred the desk, the table, and the drawer of the bookcase. If it was Yokota's diary, I was going to heal my stomach that I couldn't find Yasuko's diary by reading it, and to return to myself who had fallen into such a place.
When I was looking for a drawer for the bookcase, I found something carefully wrapped in paper. Inside, there were about ten small Western ruled papers folded in half. After casually reading the line, he tried to make a dangerous voice. Then he barely calmed his surprise, looked around the room, closed the drawers back, took the Western ruled paper out to the center of the room, and began to read in fine print on both sides.
     Fifteen
[# With line break from here, wrap and indent one character]
October 6th-I'm not willing to die. But I don't want to die from curiosity.
[# End of indentation here]
[# Indent from here]
At night, when I was taking the amount equivalent to 0.003, I suddenly felt that I should try to exceed the extreme amount of 0.005. I thought it was dangerous the next moment. My minions trembled suspiciously. And the quantity was rigorously inspected. Of course, it's a thousand times solution, so it's okay to make a slight difference, but I don't want to accidentally get boring results.
[# End of indentation here]
[# With line break from here, wrap and indent one character]
October 7th-What an exhilarating feeling! The gloomy and blurry world became brighter. Everything looks shining. The light of the sun flowing on the eaves seems to be clearly visible.
[# End of indentation here]
[# Indent from here]
It was the most gratifying thing for me that that heavy illusion disappeared.
[# End of indentation here]
[# With line break from here, wrap and indent one character]
October 8th-At night, a kind of stiffness is felt in the cervical muscles. Or maybe my shoulders were stiff because I walked around a little during the day. The lack of any sensation of agony helps with this guess. Still, I feel like ...
October 11th-I feel that my eyesight has weakened again since the morning. I took out the chemical solution and took a closer look.
[# End of indentation here]
[# Indent from here]
I am now on a doubly dangerous road. You can always exceed the limit, and you don't know when you will be addicted. One depends on my own will, and the other depends on chance. I know that this coincidence is no longer a coincidence in some cases.
[# End of indentation here]
[# With line break from here, wrap and indent one character]
October 16th-Strychnine knew without asking a doctor that her excretion was gradual, possibly causing accumulation and addiction. It was before I was prepared to refuse the subcutaneous injection of the temple * [# "demand + page", level 3 1-94-6]. I also knew that amblyopia could be cured by improving the nutrition of the body. All I did was just push it. I just wanted to push it and leave it in front of me, either right or left. And it went as desired.
[# End of indentation here]
[# Indent from here]
Now, in front of me, I have no choice but to continue taking the medicine or to put up with amblyopia.
[# End of indentation here]
[# With line break from here, wrap and indent one character]
October 18th-I feel that the illusions of Y and E are likely to become one. That's unbearable for me.
October 19th-Today I have very poor eyesight. I'm indulging in gloomy thoughts all day.
[# End of indentation here]
[# Indent from here]
In the evening, I had a quarrel with my mother. The reason was that Ryukichi cried so much that he squeezed it out onto the tatami mat. Future life was at the center of the problem. ... I had a good reason. When I hate Eko, I also hate Ryukichi. When I feel like forgiving E child, I will love Ryukichi. I can't separate these two people with feelings. ...... It's impossible to tell me to work right now. Even I am prepared to struggle a lot when the time comes. I don't care about this. However, the human mind needs a period of rest. No matter what you do, you can't do anything with a half-hearted mind. ...... My mother doesn't understand that at all. I don't want to blame you for not knowing, but if you get stuck with something you don't understand, you'll have to get frustrated.
After the quarrel, my mother was crying alone. I also cried. However, I feel that tears are cowardly tears. Compromising with tears is a cowardly way. When I thought so, tears came out of my eyes again. There was no specification.
[# End of indentation here]
[# With line break from here, wrap and indent one character]
October 20th-Twice in the morning and evening, take the amount equivalent to 0.003. Awaken a mild headache at night.
October 21st-When I wake up in the morning, I feel a slight dizziness. It also stops soon. The sky is clear and clear. I have clear eyesight.
[# End of indentation here]
[# Indent from here]
Unusually going out to the suburbs. I lie down on the forest. A cool breeze flows somewhere, and dead leaves flutter down. White floating clouds can be seen between the lonely treetops. As I stare at the clouds, the forest, myself, and the earth begin to move slowly. Feeling like being swept away by big waves. Clouds hang high in the sky forever. The earth seems very unreliable. ... I suddenly noticed that the clouds were gradually flowing in the sky. Looking around, the trunk of the tree, the leaves of the grass, and the ground are quietly quiet. Somewhere there is a dry sound. The yellowish legs are strangely weak. ...... I think autumn is lonely. I can't stand being alone, so I go home. Loneliness sticks to the bottom of my heart and I can't leave.
Even when I got home, I didn't talk to my mother. The sloppy eyes are squeezing. Ryukichi is toddling. He has a big head and a withered body that seems to be malnourished. It feels strange to think of it as my own child.
When I wrote it so far, my hands trembled and I couldn't stop. I have a bad headache. * The muscles of [# "Omi + Page", Level 4 2-92-25] are tingling.
[# End of indentation here]
[# With line break from here, wrap and indent one character]
October 24th-When I see the light of the sun, my head is dizzy. I don't like the smell of things. I didn't notice it normally, but I heard the sound of the train noisy.
October 25th-My eyesight doesn't weaken at all. When I come to my diary, I just take the medicine on the 20th. Usually, the effect of the drug disappears in a few days, but it is rare that it lasts for 45 days. Breathing is very easy and the pulse is weak but strong.
[# End of indentation here]
[# Indent from here]
I'm a little worried. Or maybe it's a precursor to addiction. I have to stop the medicine for a while.
[# End of indentation here]
[# With line break from here, wrap and indent one character]
October 27th-I read a book at night, but it doesn't really come to my mind. It feels like a stone stuffed in your head. The voice of insects is annoying to my ears. Too annoying, when I listened without vaguely listening, I heard a low voice downstairs. It's like Yoko's voice. Even if I don't think that should be the case, it seems to be Yoko. It was so strange that I finally got off because I couldn't bear it. My mother is doing needlework by herself. When asked if anyone had come, my mother looked strange and replied that no one would come.
[# End of indentation here]
[# Indent from here]
After that, when I stayed still on the second floor, I heard a low voice again. If it looks like a Y child, it also looks like an E child. It was so strange that I went down again, but no one came.
There was such a thing once. It was too many times to get lost, so I brought my mother upstairs to try. My mother says I can't ask anything. I can't hear the voice. This time I sent my mother downstairs and I was upstairs by myself, but I didn't speak anymore. Instead, the voice of insects began to be loud and loud.
That is strangely in my mind. I feel scared to be alone. Immediately lay the floor and go to bed. can not sleep. Finally, I embrace Ryukichi in my futon. Ryukichi is sleeping comfortably. My mother, who always sleeps with Ryukichi in her arms, looks lonely from the collar of her nightwear and stares at me. I crouched toward Ryukichi with an unfamiliar face, but tears came out and I couldn't help it.
I don't think about Yoko anymore. I love E child. I love you just because I hate you.
[# End of indentation here]
[# With line break from here, wrap and indent one character]
Eleventh and eightth-I intended to stop my diary for a while, but I will continue to write it again. At first, I intended to write down only Strychnine's reaction to my body very easily and use it as a reference later, but I noticed that there was a lot of extra work, so I stopped it for more than 10 days. I saw it. I don't even know why to start it again. There are countless things in my head that are inconsistent with each other.
[# End of indentation here]
[# Indent from here]
This month, I took the amount equivalent to 0.002 five times. Weak reaction.
[# End of indentation here]
[# With line break from here, wrap and indent one character]
November 9th-The difference in the effects on the body between subcutaneous injection and internal use is not clear. I did some research today, but I still don't understand. However, if the subcutaneous injection of the temple * [# "demand + page", level 3 1-94-6] is effective for amblyopia, it is reasonable that a slightly increased amount of internal use should also be effective. .. Besides, I have a very bad gastrointestinal tract by nature. If the internal use of the drug disperses the congestion of the gastrointestinal mucosa and improves its function, it should be a win-win. Besides, I'm pretty much harmed by alcohol. If this drug can excite the respiratory center, it will be three benefits at the same time.
November 11th-Significant deterioration of eyesight. I went to an eyeglass shop to try it, but myopia was not increasing. I can't see the surface of an object. The outline is also blurry.
[# End of indentation here]
[# Indent from here]
It's a dim world. Everything is absent-minded. I'm frustrated. Even a small amount will hinder the tantrum. The feeling of being threatened by something.
[# End of indentation here]
[# With line break from here, wrap and indent one character]
November 12th-I'm thinking, even if I don't think about it. I'm not thinking at all. The way the head works is completely mechanical. Various projections always appear in the same way. My head takes it mechanically and spits it out mechanically again. It's the same as having a reaction that doesn't last forever.
[# End of indentation here]
[# Indent from here]
Both Y and E are past people for me. My mother and Ryukichi can live alone. What should I do with it?
I want a way to walk boldly. I want a lever that should bring about the current stagnation. First and foremost, it's about expanding this stuffy world, which is narrowed only in your head. It's about restoring your eyesight. Mental suffocation is the most irresistible.
At night, take the amount equivalent to 0.004.
[# End of indentation here]
[# With line break from here, wrap and indent one character]
November 12th-In the morning, take 0.004 again.
[# End of indentation here]
[# Indent from here]
Awaken an abnormal sensation. The heavens and the earth seem to jump. The sky is as clear as it can be. Everything is flashing and shaking. Red, blue, and green rays enter vertically and horizontally and are disturbed. The distance seems strangely shortened. It feels like the air pressure is extremely low.
When walking, I felt suspicious about my knee joint. The movement of the legs is very strong but heavy. Weirdly it doesn't match my will. I don't know when I'll get stuck.
In the evening, I felt a vague mental agony. Drink a lot of alcohol. I lost consciousness while I was drunk.
[# End of indentation here]
[# With line break from here, wrap and indent one character]
November 13th-I feel sick all day.
November 14th-Awakens the tremendous mental exhaustion. I'm constantly sleepy. Even if I lie down, I can't sleep. Delusions occur one after another and never stop. I can't make a clear deduction. I suspect that part of my brain was paralyzed.
[# End of indentation here]
[# Indent from here]
The heart is wrapped in a dark shadow. Continue taking medication.
[# End of indentation here]
[# With line break from here, wrap and indent one character]
October 18th-A suspicious temptation works. When you put yourself on a high cliff, the temptation to throw yourself under the cliff-rather, the emotions move steadily. When I stare at that emotion, I'm finally drawn into it. This is something you have to experience. I'm standing on the cliff of death now. I'm in a place where I can fall down by one step. The feeling of falling ... moves steadily. Staring at it is the most dangerous. Keeping a diary is an indirect look at it, and playing with this white solution is a direct look at it. I'm thinking of throwing both my diary and chemicals.
[# End of indentation here]
[# Indent from here]
If there was an effort to die, the life was meaningless. If there is effort in life, that life is meaningless. If it's an effort to die or to live, it's still good. However, if death itself or life itself is an effort, then death or life is boring.
I don't want to continue my efforts. I also don't want to die of effort. If it is natural to live, it will live, and if it is natural to die, it will just die. I don't want to die or live now. I want to leave it to nature.
I know that this is the worst thing to do. However, I feel the foolishness of connecting interest in something. I don't love anyone, I don't hate anyone.
Even so, what was it that sometimes caused a cursed mood for myself?
[# End of indentation here]
[# With line break from here, wrap and indent one character]
November 19th-Take 0.003 twice.
[# End of indentation here]
[# Indent from here]
I don't know what it is for.
[# End of indentation here]
[# With line break from here, wrap and indent one character]
November 20th-Today is a strange day. The sky is clear and there is no breeze. Everything is quietly quiet. It seems that it has gone to the bottom of the water. Yet, only light and sound appear to stand out. As for the address, it seems that only I am floating between the waves of light and sound. Light dizziness and ecstasy occur one after another. Occasionally nausea. However, the spirit feels as if it is extremely clear and clear.
[# End of indentation here]
[# Indent from here]
I can see that my mother is constantly looking at me. I look back at my mother's face head-on. From the white forehead to the cheeks with fine wrinkles, it feels like a stone. It's strange. Her appearance holding Ryukichi looks just like Ishijizo holding a child. Ryukichi's head looks unpleasantly stiff. I wondered if he would spend his childhood without knowing the word mom, but he also flew away. The rest is sick. It's a world of dazzling light and sound. Drowning in the waves of light and sound, all the events are quietly entrenched.
I live silently almost all day. I don't want to drink alcohol either.
[# End of indentation here]
[# With line break from here, wrap and indent one character]
November 24th-Fever. Irregular pulse. Mild spasms in the muscles of the limbs.
[# End of indentation here]
[# Indent from here]
Let's examine the symptoms of acute meningitis. I noticed it halfway and stopped. I don't care!
[# End of indentation here]
[# With line break from here, wrap and indent one character]
November 25th-I know everything. I'm not dying.
[# End of indentation here]
[# Indent from here]
It was a suspicious illusion.
[# End of indentation here]
     Sixteen
The above is all that is recognized in fine print on Western ruled paper. It must have been written by Yoshikawa. Among the people who appear inside, Yoko was like Yasuko, and Eko was like a woman named Eiko who escaped from Yoshikawa.
Shuhei finished reading all at once and took a breather for the first time. There was a strange uproar. I stared at a piece of paper in my hand. Some parts were written with great care, and some parts were written at once. However, there was almost no correction anywhere. It had fallen directly from my head onto the paper. Underneath the calm words, I saw a swirl of emotions that were strongly suppressed. It echoed directly in Shuhei's chest. He felt drawn into a nightmare-like maze.
Besides, a mysterious coincidence bothered him. I was going to look for Yasuko's diary, but suddenly I was thrown into Yoshikawa, who I thought had escaped. It was nothing more than a kind of strange relationship. He felt a suspicious thread of fate in himself. It still threatened his heart.
Even so, I was wondering why Yoshikawa's diary-probably the last diary-was in Yokota's hands. I imagined that there was something unknown.
Shuhei read the diary over and over again. However, I couldn't see any more concrete facts than I heard from Murata, only the waves of squeezed emotions were felt. However, it became almost clear that Yoshikawa's death was much more than a month after he broke up with Eiko, and that the death was neither suicide nor illness.
Shuhei read Yoshikawa's diary over and over again, and then quickly copied it. Then, as a precaution, the copy went to my boarding house. I felt terrible mental fatigue. And I felt that it wouldn't be cured as it was. I thought it would be okay. I decided to hit something that hits me.
He just lay down in the room on the second floor and spent the day. I tried to drowsiness immediately, not in the morning or in the evening. I suddenly woke up. My head was dull. When it came to night, my head became clear. I feel that Yoshikawa is in my heart. From the bottom of his half-desperate feeling, he was thinking about Yasuko before he knew it. I could see her in front of me. He stared at him as if he were a lover of the distant past. I was trapped in a sorrowful feeling of melancholy. And then, I returned to myself.
He was at a loss as to which of this melancholy heart and the heart of hitting anything was the true self. If both were true selves, there must have been something to stand on. He couldn't find it. In the end, I felt hopeless.
Suddenly, completely unexpectedly, Yasuko came back with Ryukichi.
     Seventeen
It was a beautiful afternoon on a sunny day. Shuhei was in the room on the second floor, with a drowsy feeling that couldn't be called a nap, and he listened to the voice of the cicada without even hearing it. Then, at the entrance, there was a dashing voice of the husband and a frenzied voice of the maid, and then Yasuko's calm and tense voice. Shuhei stood up without noticing it. When I went downstairs, Yasuko stood with Ryukichi's hand in a little baggage. Shuhei didn't even say a few greetings.
"Now," said Yasuko. Then I stared at Shuhei's face. "What are you doing with a funny face? ... But you were surprised. I was supposed to go home suddenly, so I didn't have a chance to let you know."
"What about your teacher?" Shuhei asked.
"After that. Ryukichi is sick, so I just came back in a hurry."
However, it seems that Ryukichi is not a big illness. However, every time I moved, I coughed badly. Yasuko leaned over it and asked if she was suffering.
Ryukichi was laid down on the tatami room. When I measured the heat, it was 8 degrees and 7 minutes. The maid went to call her doctor. I bought some ice on my way home. I put an ice pillow on it. --Ryukichi seems to have had a mild cold at first. It got awkward and became a bronchial child and had a high fever. One day, there was a little blood in my saliva. I was afraid that I could have pneumonia. However, it was a very remote land, so there was no good doctor nearby. Yasuko, who is nervous about her illness, said that she should return to Kaku Tokyo. Therefore, it seems that Yasuko and Takakichi returned immediately, leaving only Yokota behind.
The doctor came early for convenience. I examined him carefully. The only illness was bronchial children, which was not a big deal. Poultices for inhalation, ice pillows if there was heat, avoiding strenuous exercise, that was all the allowance.
Shuhei went to the doctor's house to get the medicine. On the way, I stopped by the post office and sent a telegram to Yokota to relieve my illness. When I went to the clinic and gave out a prescription, a bald pharmacy student with a big face looked through a small window and asked how the sick person was. Shuhei felt uncomfortable.
After waiting for a long time, when I got medicine and went outside, it was already dim. He unknowingly loosened his leg. I felt like walking slowly to everywhere in the busy and mellow evening twilight. I didn't want to go out in front of Yasuko. The illusion that I had drawn in my head was obscured by the current appearance of Yasuko, and only the feeling of longing that I couldn't do was left in him. Given that he didn't know what direction that feeling would take, he felt an indescribable chest battle. At the same time, I became anxious and scared because I was powerless against Yasuko.
Still, he came home before he knew it. Yasuko was sitting on Ryukichi's pillow. He raised his face as he entered.
"It was early .... I'm in a hurry, so I'm sorry to make a noise to you. Excuse me ... I'm disappointed."
That said, she looked at Shuhei with a quiet, innocent eye.
Ryukichi was sleeping comfortably.
"I'm ready to eat."
When the maid said so, Yasuko was sitting politely with her knees broken, with her upper body lightly leaning against the floor pillar. He dragged his knees heavy and leaned against Ryukichi's pillow, put his palm on his forehead, stared at his face, and then stood up.
During the meal, the maid was supposed to be on Ryukichi's side. There was a bottle of beer on the table.
"Let's have a drink, too," said Yasuko, putting her lips on the cup she poured with Nanami, with a small wrinkle on her eyebrows.
"I didn't mind moving around there, but when I came back to Tokyo, my body was sluggish and there were no specifications. After all, the beach is nice .... Why don't you go a little too?"
And she looked at Shuhei's face seriously [# "I saw" was "I saw" in the bottom line].
Such a girlfriend had a soft body that seemed to be left over because her body line was broken. She twisted it over her hips, sitting sideways, and rolled up one arm.
"Become so black. In the first few days of entering the sea, I couldn't help but tingle, but then it became itchy and the thin skin peeled off every time I scratched it."
A line was drawn on the shoulder, and then there was a trace of a sea swimsuit in pure white in the back.
"Can your wife swim?" Asked Shuhei.
"It's just a little bit, but it's second to swim, and it feels good to be caught in the waves. Then I lie down on the beach or hang out in the room with a single strip, and it's sick. When I come back, I have to tighten the obi properly, so it's kind of cramped and has no specifications. My body gets sloppy .... Please excuse me for sitting like this. "
And she showed her white teeth and smiled.
In fact, there was a strangely loose place in her. In the past, there was a kind of pure humbleness there, no matter how distant the warmth was, but now that cleanliness is strangely muddy and covered with something that is humble. Was there.
Shuhei watched the change and then turned his eyes down. The girl she had drawn in her head disappeared like a dream, and she was so dew-exposed that she was exposed in front of her eyes. She seemed to touch her as soon as she reached out. He felt anxious temptation. It became scary. I asked him to go back to the boarding house tomorrow.
"Oh, why?" Yasuko said. "It's okay to stay until Yokota returns. Yeah, that's right. It's not strange to leave right away because I'm back."
The casual last word robbed him of his freedom. I felt like I was squeezing out the fragile things in my heart at once. And in the bed that night, he couldn't sleep for a long time. After thinking a lot, the last thing I arrived at was that I fell in love with Yasuko! It was one thing. I used to hide myself, but I couldn't do it anymore.
He felt soothing tears and frustrated resentment at the same time. Thinking about the future, I felt like I was in a dark hole.
     XVIII
The next morning, Shuhei slept until late. When I woke up, the shoji was shining brightly. It seems that the maid opened the shutter while she was sleeping. He stared at the white light in the room for a while, but when he felt the bottom of his eyes getting hot, he covered his head with a futon. I fell in love with Yasuko! The one thing that I thought about last night was persistently entwined in my head. I felt that everything was overwhelmed by that one thing.
It felt like I was following in the mist, and when I was about to drowsy, I could hear the footsteps coming up the stairs in the distance. It stopped and the area became quiet. It seemed like a long time. Suddenly, a tense voice of Yasuko echoed in the immediate vicinity.
"Mr. Inoue, you're still sleeping. Get up. What time do you think it's already?"
Shuhei was silent.
Yasuko opened the closet of Shuhei's pillow and seemed to be constantly searching for something. After a while, she closed the closet sliding door.
"Mr. Inoue, get up."
"Yes," Shuhei replied unintentionally.
There was a gap. There was also Yasuko's voice.
"No, I'm wearing a futon. Isn't it bad?"
The futon was pulled off a little. Shuhei left it as it was, and looked up at Yasuko with his face turned sideways.
"Oh," Yasuko shouted, "You're crying, what's wrong?"
For the first time, Shuhei noticed tears in his eyes and cheeks. Then again, I felt like tears would come out later. I gazed at Yasuko's face while wiping her eyes with her sleepwear sleeves. In the face of the freshly woken skin, the clear eyes, which tend to have black eyes, showed a quiet glow in the morning light. When I thought it flashed, it turned into a sharp, piercing light.
"What's wrong?"
The eyebrows moved sharply, and her face became strangely clear. It came in front of Shuhei's eyes. Shuhei took his eyes off.
"I had a nasty dream," he replied.
"Lie, is there someone who cries for an unpleasant dream?"
"It's a nasty sad dream."
Yasuko didn't say anything. But that eye is lying! It was repeated. As it was, time passed quietly. Shuhei turned over, but then jumped up. After waking up, I didn't know what to do. I went out to the porch and tried to breathe. I couldn't help but be captivated by Yasuko's eyes staring from behind. I turned around with the feeling that I could do anything.
"It's time to get up," Yasuko said in a quiet tone. "I'm oversleeping so much that I can't think about anything. Wash your face. You may feel refreshed."
"Yes," Shuhei mechanically replied.
Yasuko stared into his eyes, then stood up and silently went downstairs. I had an air pillow in my hand.
Shuhei was standing up vaguely while seeing off afterwards. When she disappeared, I was suspiciously upset. Then he threw himself on the futon.
The light of a warm day was shining into the room from the open porch. He bathed in the light for a long time. The sticky sweat on my forehead was dry and everything seemed empty. The clear sky, which does not include a shadow, was lonely and quiet. Shuhei threw himself into the bosom. It felt meaningless and unreliable to exist on the ground. When I saw my tears, I was wondering what Yasuko thought, how unfaithful she was in love with Yasuko, and that I didn't care anymore. If you are miserable, you can be miserable. Leave everything as it is. No matter what happens from now on, that is what God knows.
Shuhei stood up and changed his kimono. I listened carefully, but there was no sign of anyone calling. He cleared up his bed and went downstairs. When I washes my face, I tried to cool my head with water, but it became annoying and stopped.
"If you like, let's have a meal. I've been waiting for you."
So Yasuko was speaking with a reluctance.
However, Shuhei felt that her eyes were persistently aimed at herself. I didn't mind feeling it. I put myself on the bottom of an extremely miserable despair and tried to ridicule from there. I wasn't scared of anything. In some cases, he thought he could expose his naked heart in front of Yasuko. I had no idea what to do with it. It was quite so if I just exposed it. He looked straight back at Yasuko's face.
"Mr. Inoue," Yasuko finally said, "You said you had a sad dream earlier. What kind of dream?"
Shuhei was at a loss for an answer and was silent.
"If it's a dream, you can talk. What kind of dream do you have?"
"I don't care about dreams," Shuhei replied.
"But I wasn't crying about that dream."
"That's a lie," Shuhei told me to spit out.
Yasuko smiled lightly. I said after a short pause.
"I've finally confessed, so your lies don't have to be guilty."
Shuhei suddenly felt the bottom of his eyes getting hot. I clenched my teeth so that I wouldn't shed tears. Then Yasuko said in a smoky tone.
"But sad things are all just dreams. When I think about it later, I feel like I've dreamed. If I don't cry enough, I'll get stuck in my head forever, but I can do whatever I want. When you cry, it makes you feel like you've just awakened from your dreams. Tears are like a way to wake up from your dreams. If you're sad, don't hold your tears and cry. I hate people who have never cried. "
Shuhei vaguely looked at Yasuko's face [# "I saw" was "I saw" in the bottom line]. He had no idea if she was really saying it. I felt like I was being played with by sloppyness, and I felt that I was being given serious sympathy.
"Come on for a walk. You may feel better," Yasuko said.
Shuhei stood up casually as he was told. But when I got up, I didn't want to go out anymore. Then I went upstairs, but suddenly I was worried and went into the room where Ryukichi was sleeping.
Ryukichi stopped the ice pillow and slept on the air pillow. The fever was below 7 degrees and 5 minutes. I slid my head a little and turned sideways, staring at Shuhei.
"How are you feeling?" Asked Shuhei.
Instead of answering that, Ryukichi looked at Shuhei's face more seriously [# "I saw" was "I saw" in the bottom line]. Shuhei avoided the line of sight and sat down on the pillow.
It was quiet. The high rising sun shining a lot on the outside further helped the tranquility. It was quiet and too bright. Ryukichi's high convex forehead looked like a seto thing here and there. A tall, thin nose slipped through my slender cheeks. Shuhei felt weird when he saw it. I felt like I wanted to make the convex forehead eat my fist and crush my nose. I didn't even know why I was so angry with Ryukichi.
Ryukichi was in tears before he knew it. Shuhei noticed it, but sat silently and persistently.
Yasuko came in there. She said to Shuhei.
"It looks very good. You will be able to get up soon."
She gave medicine to Ryukichi. Ryukichi turned over on his back, put a white powder on his fingertips that had been wiped with water, and mocked it with no taste. Then I took a sip of hot water and dropped my head on the pillow again without force. I had five or six dry low coughs in a row.
"Shall we inhale?" Yasuko said.
Ryukichi shook his head.
"Yes, but let's wait a while."
It was all silent.
Shuhei looked around the room, but his eyes were set on Ryukichi again. I felt that he was a miserable existence, with a feeling of indescribable hatred gradually rising. Yoshikawa's memoir is back in my head. Shuhei wonders how much Yoshikawa suffered for this child, that Yoshikawa's suffering will survive while this child is alive, and that Yasuko will also have a dark shadow. It was. It didn't come to his chest that Yoshikawa and Ryukichi were fathers and sons. Being an orphan didn't move his heart at all. Why? He asked himself. I didn't get the answer. And when I watched Ryukichi's sleeping appearance, I thought he was an injustice. I felt like I wanted to take revenge on the unjust existence. ...... While immersed in such a dark mood, he felt that he was staring at him a couple of times. I wanted to trample Ryukichi and throw myself in front of Yasuko. It's getting harder to sit down. Still, I was sitting down. I felt that I was sitting relentlessly. Because of that, I still couldn't stand up.
"Mr. Inoue," suddenly Yasuko said, "Why do you have such a strange face?"
It wasn't until he was told that Shuhei noticed that he had a face that seemed to start crying. I wanted to give a casual answer, but I couldn't find the word. I knew that I could see the confused place from both Yasuko and Ryukichi. He said in a hurry that he had nothing in his heart.
"Shall I inhale?"
"Yes," Yasuko immediately took it over and leaned toward Ryukichi. "Mr. Inoue inhales, so I'm quiet. That's good."
Ryukichi looked at Shuhei's face without looking at her, and then nodded. Shuhei mechanically prepared the inhaler.
Ryukichi sat on the floor and was wrapped in a white towel. I just put my face out of the towel and waited with my mouth open. Yasuko lightly supported her body from behind. Shuhei turned the inhaler on the desk toward Ryukichi. Ryukichi coughed as the salt spray sprinkled on. He seemed to hold it down hard, with a faint redness on his blue cheeks. Water droplets accumulated all over it. The water droplets on the tips of the eyelashes ran down my cheeks every time I blinked. Yasuko took a glass of water with saliva dripping from her lips as if she had pulled a string. Ryukichi was still in it. I was trying to inhale the spray without astringency on my face. Angriuchi is open * [# "Omi + Page", Level 4 2-92-25] moves slightly with each breath, and the thin, tall nose that seems to be frail calms down like wax work.
Shuhei felt a little hateful about that figure. Next I felt weird. I felt that I was too obsessed with life. I felt like countering that, and I wanted to sprinkle a lot of spray on it, and after that I stir up the core of the alcohol lamp. As soon as the salt solution in the cup was reduced, I poured it from the can. Bright shoji screens were reflected small on the rising surface of the water, and gradually lowered to the middle as the tide pulled.
Shuhei did not try to stop inhalation even though the glass underneath the spray tube was full. Yasuko said from the side.
"I think there are many more because the glass below is full."
Shuhei silently blew out the alcohol lamp.
Ryukichi got his face wiped with a wet towel and lay on the floor again. Breathing seemed to be very slippery, and I was breathing quietly in the back of my chest.
"I'm glad," said Yasuko. "I've done so much, so I'll be able to get up soon."
It was hot and humid with steam in the room. Shuhei opened the shoji and went out to the porch.
The sun was shining all over the outside. The cicada was crying. The leaves of the trees shook heavily in the wind that sometimes blew out of nowhere, and it seemed to shine. Two scarlet killifish floated quietly in a water lily pot in the corner of the garden. I was floating in the same place forever, moving only the fins without hesitation.
There was a voice like Mr. Inoue. After a while, I heard the voice clearly again. Shuhei looked away from his eyes and looked back. Yasuko was calling him from inside the room.
"If you get bored, please tell Takakichi something."
"Come on ..." Shuhei said.
"It's just vague, so it's not just right."
"Because I don't know any storytellers."
"It doesn't matter if it's a myth."
Shuhei didn't answer at all. I was wondering if I would talk to him. And I was still. But Yasuko didn't urge me anymore. I lay half-body on Ryukichi's pillow and started reading a novel in a magazine. After waiting for a while, Shuhei felt strangely frustrated and went upstairs.
     Nineteen
When thinking alone, Shuhei himself was confused as to why he had a feeling of hatred for Ryukichi. No matter how much I thought about the reason for disturbing Ryukichi's existence, I could not find a legitimate one. He tried to replace his feelings for Ryukichi.
However, I couldn't do that. Ryukichi, whose illness had improved considerably, looked up at Shuhei with a sharp dew, while curling his back and snarling on the porch of Hinata. When Shuhei had a softened face, he wondered if he wanted to go out or go to a botanical garden or a zoo. When Shuhei frowned, he remained silent forever. One night, when it was raining outside, Ryukichi suddenly said something like this.
"Will Mr. Inoue stay at home forever?"
Shuhei was silent.
"I'm happy then ..."
"Why?" Asked Shuhei.
"My uncle said that, Mr. Inoue knows a lot, so I'd like you to talk to me."
"I know more about my uncle than I do."
"My uncle is no good, because he doesn't deal with me at all."
"Then you have an aunt."
Ryukichi looked up at Shuhei's face without answering anything. Shuhei felt uneasy in the back of his chest.
"I'm going back to the boarding house when Takashi gets better," he said coldly.
"No," Ryukichi shouted to knead. "I asked my aunt so that Inoue would stay at home forever. Then my aunt told me to ask Inoue from you .... I'm alone, so it's boring. "
Shuhei stared at his strangely mature convex amount. And when Yasuko came there, Ryukichi shut up with a sly look, as if he had forgotten what he had been talking about. Shuhei felt like he was deceived. There was an antipathy. Therefore, I couldn't speak to Yasuko. He had no choice but to escape to the room upstairs, feeling frustrated.
However, even when I went upstairs, I was worried that Yasuko and Ryukichi had been left behind, so I couldn't settle down for a long time. When I listened, the inside of the house was quiet and the sound of light rain dominated the area. He walked around the room. It was cramped. I went to the study next door. And before he knew it, he was walking around looking at the drawer of the bookcase. Yoshikawa's diary was in it. There was a sad letter in my head. I felt like I was driven by unfocused indignation.
He was scared of his heart and went out for a walk. The night with cold rain was pitch black. The road was muddy. When I came back with a lonely and empty feeling, I couldn't bear to be alone.
He went to Yasuko and Ryukichi and sat there silently until everyone went to bed. Yasuko, who is talking to Ryukichi about the sea, sometimes turns to him and looks at him, but he throws himself in front of his eyes and takes a look. I didn't try to repair it. It was a desperate and sincere feeling without any reliance.
     twenty
Shuhei began to come and go between the room on the second floor and the room downstairs. When I thought I was lying alone on the second floor, I suddenly went downstairs and sat vaguely in front of a long fire bowl without fire, or stood in front of Yasuko, who was doing needlework. I sometimes talked about various things that were unusual for Yasuko and Ryukichi. When I thought about it, I shut up or went upstairs. After a while, I came downstairs again. I rarely went outside. ――He was aware of himself. And then I fell into the unreliable feeling of throwing. I had little intention of doing anything. Only the desperate heart that seemed to settle down to the bottom was serious.
"Let's go out a little, I feel good in the morning and evening," Yasuko often said.
"Yes," Shuhei replied, but he didn't even try to go out.
Yasuko looked into his eyes.
"You're weird these days. Something happened while we were away. That's probably why we were crying. Don't wrap it up. Those who said it rather than thinking alone. It's nice to have a refreshing feeling. "
"It's not that much," Shuhei replied.
"Then it's okay to say that."
"But I don't want to say it now."
"Yes." And Yasuko raised her eyebrows after a short pause. "But I'm sure I want to say it now. It's about time."
Shuhei looked at her face. Two shining eyes without cloudiness were staring at me. It was just clear and I couldn't read anything at the bottom. He felt his heart flutter. It wasn't worth it for me.
"I want to think alone for a while," he said. "It seems that Takashi's illness has almost disappeared, so I'm thinking of going back to my boarding house."
Yasuko was amazed.
"Why do you suddenly say that? Didn't you mean to stay until Yokota came back?"
It was something that Yasuko could do alone. Shuhei didn't remember making such a promise. But he didn't say the opposite. I didn't really intend to go back to the boarding house.
"It's okay to stay, but ..." he said.
"I wish I were there. And when you come back, Ryukichi will be lonely." And she relaxed her words. "Mysteriously, there is a place where you are strangely liked by children even though you are not amiable. Takakichi Koda suddenly said that I hope Mr. Inoue will stay at home forever. I told you to ask him directly, but do you have anything to say to you? "
"really."
Yasuko smiled.
"It's a weird person. Who tells such a boring lie?"
Shuhei looked at his eyes. I remembered that time. I was weird about Ryukichi, but now I feel ridiculous and embarrassing. Before that feeling subsided, Yasuko asked from the front.
"But what do you think of Ryukichi?"
Shuhei raised his face. However, there was no answer.
Yasuko was about to fold it directly.
"You don't really like Ryukichi."
Shuhei was sharp. It was pushed further.
"I admire you so much, why do you hate it, weird."
Shuhei felt that the straightforward words gave little room for defense. Still, it didn't quite fit his feelings. He didn't hate Ryukichi. I didn't like it either. As he was confused, Yasuko said again.
"It wasn't the case earlier, but your appearance towards Ryukichi is strange these days. What's the matter?"
There was no blame in his eyes staring at him. On the contrary, a warm feeling was appearing. Shuhei closed his eyes. I opened it again.
"I don't hate Taka-chan," he said. "I just can't love it strangely. When I'm away, I feel sorry for it, and I feel like I want to hug it in my chest, but when I go to the side, it's suddenly hateful ... I'm smart and sick, but I don't want to be innocent. When I'm facing each other, I feel like I can see through to the bottom of my heart. Yes, that causes a lot of grief to me. I know that I shouldn't think too much, but it seems that Takashi has a dark shadow all the time. While saying, "The shadow is ...", Shuhei wanted to throw his excess heart in front of Yasuko. "The shadow threatens me. I don't know why I'm so particular about it. I've done something wrong."
"What's wrong?"
"It's a bad thing. I betrayed you and Yokota-san."
"why?"
When I saw her eyes clear without any doubt, Shuhei couldn't say anything. I kept my eyes down and bit my lips.
"What's wrong, I'm silent halfway through. Look at me. I feel like I usually know ..."
"I'm sorry," Shuhei said. "I saw Mr. Yoshikawa's diary."
"Yes? Mr. Yoshikawa ..."
"I saw Mr. Yoshikawa's last diary. It was in the drawer of the teacher's bookcase ..."
Shuhei felt with his face down as Yasuko quickly changed his complexion and pushed himself a little. But his heart wasn't upset anymore. After all, I felt a kind of numb and stunned feeling, like throwing myself into the depths of despair. As it was, I was seriously calming down.
Yasuko was silent too. It was a night that made a noise. Ryukichi was sleeping in the other room. The light of the lamp was white and bright. Shuhei quietly raised his face. Yasuko's face, which was hardened like a stone, was right in front of me.
"Mr. Inoue," Yasuko said before long, "You probably asked someone about Mr. Yoshikawa."
"Yes, I heard a story that I don't know if it's a lie or a truth, but don't ask who it came from."
"And I was motivated to look for that diary."
"No. I found it by chance."
"A lie. Is there someone who happens to stir the drawer of the bookcase?"
"I was going to look for something else."
"what?"
Shuhei hung down. I was crying alone and almost spilling from my eyelids. But I wasn't impressed. It was a feeling of staring at the tears from the side [# "Looking at" is "Looking at" in the bottom line]. He stared at the top of the cloud and began to speak to himself.
"I was going to look for your diary," and he vaguely felt tears dripping down his cheeks. I didn't know that you weren't your wife, and that Yasuko was surprised and shook her eyebrows. "Since you asked me to read a part of my diary ... No, since I came here, I wanted to see all of that diary. I don't know why. Hmm. I just wanted to see it. And I searched for your room but couldn't find it, so I felt desperate and half desperate, so I checked the teacher's study. , Mr. Yoshikawa's diary came out .... I feel unbearable and miserable myself. Please tell me anything. I don't know what to do. "
When I shook my mouth, it became a quiet feeling as if the wind had blown too much. He received Yasuko's harsh voice with a peaceful heart.
"You could do that without any problems, it's like a thief! Is that sane?"
Shuhei was silent. Yasuko said again.
"Do you know what you did?"
Shuhei felt that Yasuko was really angry. When she raised her eyes, she surely tied her slightly distorted lips, quivering her reddish cheeks and staring at her white-eyed eyes. Still, he answered in a calm tone.
"I think I know it well."
"While I know it, I think I'm trying to make it white and illusory."
Shuhei held back his desire to defend himself and turned his face down again. I thought she didn't know anything. But I didn't want to explain my heart anymore. I tried and couldn't do it. I just wanted to shut up and get her reprimand. That was at least a kindness. What would it be if I broke my mind now? She is Mrs. Yokota's wife, who she is in awe of! Thinking about it, he felt that his back was getting cold and the bottom of his eyes was getting hot at the same time.
"I didn't think you were that kind of person," Yasuko said. "I've done a lot for you. I assured Yokota that it's okay if you ask me to be away. And yet you're trampling on us. It's easy to say that you're doing your job and you're going to know what you're doing .... You're in tears, and you're a little conscientious. Think twice. I don't know anyone like you anymore, so you should take care of this yourself. "
Shuhei was silent.
Yasuko continued to say.
"Don't you think you're scared yourself? It's hard to see someone else's diary, even if it's in front of you. It's better than a thief to look for it while you're away. Bad thing. A thief steals something, but you're trying to steal the secrets of someone else's heart. I hate people with such a sly heart .... I tried to entice Ryukichi to see Mr. Yoshikawa's picture. I didn't think at that time, but when I think about it now, I think it was exactly the same feeling as this time. I'm horrified. Putting it on your side is like being attached to a detective. "
Shuhei tasted the words of rebuke that fell from above his head, word by word. It was rather pleasant to be stabbed by the harsh taste. It was a love that I had to trample anyway. It was rather my desire to be trampled by her anger. He closed his eyes and looked at his heart, which had a sweet calm at the bottom of despair [# "I was looking at" was "I was looking at" in the bottom line]. ――Unexpected words have begun to fall.
"Are you aware of how it affects Ryukichi?"
Shuhei raised his face vaguely. Yasuko went on to say.
"You must have known from the beginning that Ryukichi was poor. We may have broken how hard he tried to make him forget the loneliness of that one. I was really pleased to see the child become cheerful and cheerful. Then, from the time before this summer vacation, I was strangely gloomy, and sometimes I just noticed that I was thinking with a dark face. It seems that he is always hesitant about us, and suddenly he asks me to talk about my dad, my mom is still alive, and I hear that I have never said it before. I'm sure you're worried. And I'm not following you, and when I ask you what to do when you hear about your father, I answered that I'll talk to Mr. Inoue. I'm sick and have a fever. It was when I was crying because I had a dream that Inoue and my dad left me behind and ran away. Do you think? That kind of feeling of that child does not mean that you are not responsible, think carefully about what kind of poison you are pouring into the hearts of all of us. "
Shuhei opened his mouth for the first time. The condition was calm.
"I understand. I was wrong."
"Do you think it's just bad?"
Yasuko had a bright red face with resentment and excitement. Shuhei waited for even more harsh reprimands. But she just shook her lips cramping and didn't say anything anymore. Shuhei said quietly.
"I'm going to take all the responsibilities myself. I'm not saying anything right now, but at some point I feel like I'll get a complete understanding of me, so I rely on it. Let's walk on our own way. "
Yasuko didn't move one eyebrow. I thought I was stuck in hatred. Shuhei bowed a little. And he said while standing up.
"I am myself ..."
He talked to me. The appearance of Yasuko staring at her eyes became scary. He bowed again. I waited for a moment. Then I went up to the room on the second floor to escape.
     Twenty one
Shuhei threw himself into the room where he was lying up for nearly a month with the last feeling. I intended to leave this house forever tomorrow. I thought that was the best way for everyone.
Thinking about what I've done so far, I felt like I was lost even in a pitch-black forest. When I tried to figure out something, I couldn't find any cohesive elephants. My head was vague and I didn't have the power to think.
He put his hands under his head, lay on his back and looked at the ceiling, but suddenly he remembered and began to put away his personal belongings. The only things I had around me were a few kimonos and 45 books. He carefully wrapped it in a furoshiki. Then, when I sat vaguely, I could see myself leaving this house with a furoshiki wrap in my hand. Like a lost traveler, his figure hangs down and walks steadily. It was early in the morning. A fluke dog sniffs around the hem. Still, I keep my eyes down silently. The shabby figure clearly emerges in the refreshing morning light ...
Shuhei felt unbearable and lonely. I intended to throw everything away, but I still wanted to leave something, a gentle look, in my heart. If I couldn't get it, I wanted at least to know that I was asking for it. It was too unbearable to carry away only her incomprehensible anger. I wanted to convey my thoughts to her directly, not to Mrs. Yokota. So if you buy her more anger, you'll gladly take it as legitimate anger.
He turned to his desk and thought in front of the paper and pen. I'm going to throw that phrase in front of her, and keep her eyes when I read it-whatever it is-in my heart and leave silently. It was.
However, it was difficult to express it in the letters as well as it could not be said. It was difficult to grace because I wanted to give a long explanation and exhaust it in a few words. A few words came to my mind, but none of them were clearly in my heart. As he pondered, he became vaguely suspicious. He used to think that he was in love with her feelings about her, but when he tried to make it clear, it wasn't always true. Love, love, longing ... I couldn't do this either. It was an unknown emotion of the form "Etai" that included each part of them. As an older sister, as a heterosexual, as a girl friend, as a comforter, as a guardian ... I wasn't just longing for nostalgia. He greeted many words that didn't fit his emotions one after another, and fell into an indescribable hesitation.
I didn't know how long it was, but at the end of that time he was surprised to jump up. When I turned around for the first time because there was a sign of a person, Yasuko stood there, stepping in from the entrance of the stairs. He felt a near-horror surprise. Yasuko's face was shining pale like wax.
The area was eerily quiet.
Yasuko glanced around the room, walked in a few steps, and sat down a little after Shuhei.
"What have you been up to?" She said. The ending was orderly.
Shuhei was still breathless because of the surprise of the cut. Suddenly I couldn't even say a word.
"What were you doing? Or can't you say that?"
Shuhei felt her strong spirit that did not allow any deception. He answered as it was.
"I had something to say to you before I said goodbye. I was trying to write it."
"Can you write it?"
"I can't write."
"so."
It became a new one. Eventually she said.
"You will be returning to the boarding house tomorrow."
"Yes."
"And?"
Shuhei asked with his eyes what it meant.
"And to this house?"
"I'm not going to come anymore."
"Yes," she said again.
The bottomless silence has fallen. Shuhei looked at her face [# "looked" was "looked" in the bottom line]. The pale cheeks and the beautiful eyebrows on the rounded eyelids are filled with the gentleness that attracts people's hearts, and the dents in the corners of the mouth and the light of the eyes without cloudiness are hard to approach. It was showing prestige. He was wondering which of the two came from. While I was at a loss, the deep silence became scary. I felt her being held in her hands to the bottom of my heart. I couldn't move. He turned his eyes down and stared at her lustrous little fingernails.
"Do you feel sorry for being so angry with me earlier?"
"No, I take it for granted," he replied.
"Lie!" She erased it in one word. "There is something you want to excuse."
"No," he replied.
"There is, but I can't."
He raised his face in a hurry. At that moment, she swiftly pushed her over.
"Everyone will cancel the previous thing, so instead, promise as I say."
He knew that there was nothing left to be said. There was a nod in silence.
"I swear I'll never tell anyone that I've searched for my diary or saw Mr. Yoshikawa's diary?"
"And swear that we will continue to do so?"
He didn't think about anything. I answered while becoming hard like a stone.
"To swear."
"I'm sure."
"Yes."
"I'm not going to say anything that's gone. I'll be returning to the boarding house tomorrow, so think alone so that you can keep your vows .... Do you know?"
He was pushed to the bottom of his chest. As I hung my head down, tears came out. It flowed from my cheeks to my knees. My wide-eyed eyes were filled with tears and I couldn't see anything. He almost forgot about me.
At that time, she stood up. I stood for a moment and then quietly left the room. He knew he was left alone in tears.
He stayed still for a long time. When the tears on my cheeks dried, I looked around the room as if I had awakened from my dream. The paper on the desk and the pen caught my eye. He looked at it with a peaceful heart. The feeling for her, whether in love or not, seemed to be irrelevant anymore.
He took a breather. Everything I knew from her responded to my heart. And as I pondered her without any hesitation, the last promise came to my mind. There he stumbled upon. Why did she make such a promise? Is it to save him, to protect herself, or to indirectly give a guarantee of affection? …… It was difficult to understand either of them. He felt like a new mystery.
While I was confused, I felt like a dream that I had faced her. The words I exchanged were short, but there was silence between them, so it must have been a long time. When I think about it now, I thought it was only a couple of moments. Besides, everything was too quiet and calm. The address seemed to have happened underwater. ... But it couldn't have been a dream.
When I listened carefully, it was late at night. He stood up and laid out a futon. I went down to add a small "Koyo". When I stepped on the stairs, the board there was squeaky. He was afraid. After that, I didn't even know what surprised me. Still, he suffocated, muffled his footsteps, and walked softly. The appearance was miserable and unbearable. I asked myself what I was confused about, but I was always worried that Yasuko and Ryukichi were sleeping in the other room.
When he came back to his room in a hurry, he was strangely stunned. I hurriedly tried to change into my nightwear. Tokoro couldn't find the nightwear [# "I couldn't find it" was "I didn't find it" in the original]. I searched everywhere from the closet to the futon. While doing so, I noticed that I was in the furoshiki wrapping next to my desk. He was staring at the package, but he couldn't stand it and slipped into the futon in his kimono.
Yasuko-san! He called her name in his heart. It was like calling out to a woman in a dream. The boundary between reality and dreams has become blurred. I didn't know if I was awake or asleep. I wondered if I was thinking about something, and before I knew it, it took on a nightmare, and I was drowsy, or I woke up, and so on.
     twenty-two
When Shuhei returned to a clear consciousness, the inside of the room was dim. The lamp went out and bright light was leaking through the gap in the shutter. He jumped up in amazement. When I opened one of the shutters, the light of the morning sun began to bathe. He closed his dull eyes and opened them again. The sun was rising in the eastern sky. The light haze was flowing low, sewn by the strong light.
He was fascinated by the scenery for a while. Then I took a deep breath. Thinking in the light of the sun, the night before was hidden in my head. And only the feeling that everything was over remained.
He cleaned up the room and went downstairs.
Yasuko was already awake. He stared at his face and said.
"I'm still oversleeping."
Shuhei tried to excuse, because he didn't sleep well last night. But the word stuck in my throat and didn't come out. A glance at her, she had a calm and calm face as usual. Her open eyes harbored the shadow of the eyelashes that received bright outside light, and had a dreamlike beauty. Shuhei took his eyes off.
When the three of us had a meal with Ryukichi, and when we were sitting in the living room after the meal, Shuhei was silent with his face down. It was a strange feeling. I knew I was leaving this house soon, but I felt like it was in the distant future. Yasuko didn't say anything.
Shuhei stood up and looked around the room on the second floor. I walked in the garden. I read the newspaper from corner to corner. ――I was able to see myself in my own eyes.
"I'm going home," he said.
"Yes," Yasuko said quietly. "But it's still early. Please take your time."
Shuhei had no idea what she thought. The promise of the night before came to my mind again. I couldn't stay still.
"I will preach when I come back," he said again.
"Yes, right now. Please wait a moment."
Still, she was calm. Eventually, she stood when the maid had finished her meal and cleaned up. Immediately he came back and looked at Shuhei's face seriously [# "I saw" was "I saw" in the bottom line]. While looking at him [# "while looking at him" is "while looking at him" in the bottom line], he was silent.
Ryukichi came out there.
"You can go play with me."
"Let's do it later," Yasuko replied. "Mr. Inoue is returning."
"I'm going to Mr. Inoue."
"Yes, but stop today. You should do it again next time."
"You can follow me next time."
"Yes."
Ryukichi stayed still for a while, but lay down there with a boring face.
Shuhei felt stuffy. I got up and went up to the room on the second floor. I lay down with a kimono wrap as a pillow. A dazzling sunshine was flowing into the room from the eastern window that opened. He stood up and closed the window. After a while, I opened the window again. In any case, I wasn't calm. I'm feeling a little bit.
The maid came to call him. A rickshaw was waiting on the table. He was amazed.
"I will walk," he said before Yasuko.
"Please ride because it's okay," said Yasuko.
He insisted. It's just a small furoshiki wrap, it's not too far away, and I don't want to ride on my rickshaw again. But Yasuko didn't understand.
"You are," Yasuko said, "Are you going to embarrass me?"
Shuhei received the word in the middle of his chest. When I turned my face down, tears came out.
"I'm going to ride," he said.
"And don't forget last night's promise."
Shuhei raised his face. At that moment, Yasuko took a break and went out to the front door.
Shuhei followed her while hanging down. I bowed silently and got on the rickshaw. I just glanced at Yasuko, Ryukichi, and the maid standing there, and bowed again.
     twenty three
Because it was sudden, I couldn't clean the room at the boarding house. Shuhei rushed into his closed, dimly lit four-and-a-half. It smelled like mold. A maid with a broom, duster, and a rag came in a hurry. Shuhei was kept waiting in the corridor for a long time. After cleaning, I entered the room, but the smell of mold was on my nose. He opened the window completely and looked out vaguely. The blue sky with no shadow of clouds sucked his gaze into the distance. He felt the bottom of his eyes hurt.
He came up with the idea and cleaned up the room. All I had to do was a desk, a small main stand, and Yanagiyuki Lee. After that, I had nothing to do. The shabby surroundings were lonely. I lowered my towel and went to the public bath. Then I lay down in the room and spent the day. From around 2 o'clock, the window was full of sunshine. The light faded in the evening and the sky became cloudy. And it was a dark night. The sky was hot and humid and I was suffocating.
Shuhei felt unbearable to move. Every time I moved, the empty loneliness in my heart swayed and swayed, and it seemed that I would wrap my body around. I wanted to stay still. I didn't want to touch anything softly.
He went to bed early, just feeling that he had lost everything by holding down his head. And I slept soundly.
The sleep caught him again the next day. When I was leaning on my desk after breakfast, I was drowsy. I woke up and tried to lie down this time, but I was still drowsy. It was as if I had lost the energy to wake up. In the end he threw himself into that white sleep.
From under such sleepiness, Yasuko emerged like a shadow picture. Her clear eyes were staring at me from the dim background of a gloomy, dreamy feeling. Shuhei felt an indescribable battle of the heart. The feeling of wanting to bow down in front of her and the consciousness that it was no longer forgiven were mixed in him. He remembered his promise with her. Her last words clearly echoed in my ears.
He said himself. "Everything is over. To be tolerant of her, to be pampered is to despise it. Let's go on our own. Keep a promise with her in our hearts and use it as a force. Let's go on our own way. "
It was an indescribable tragic impression. Shuhei looked around himself, feeling as if he had awakened from sleep for the first time. One poor and lonely room was my own.
He stood up and shook his arm. I was forced to feel like crying. And I visited Nomura. I intended to confirm my future life.
Nomura was at home that night.
"Hey, it's rare. What's wrong, I didn't come for a while. Was it something interesting?"
In that way, he greeted Shuhei and stared at his face [# "I saw" was "I saw" in the bottom line].
Shuhei took a seat with a strangely awkward feeling. Nomura told me various stories, but I felt like I was going to give an irrelevant reply, and I tended to talk.
"Oh yeah," Nomura recalled for the first time, "You were away from Yokota-san's house, but are you still there?"
"No, I came back to the boarding house a few days ago."
"Why? Wasn't it until the beginning of next month?"
"But my wife and Takashi came back suddenly, so I pulled it up too."
"I'm glad I pulled it up .... And I'm sure I'll continue to teach."
Shuhei cut off his words, saying, "That's right ...". I didn't know what to say. I continued for a while. "Takashi-chan is very smart and I don't need to teach him separately, so I'm thinking of refusing. Of course, that job is due to Mr. Yokota's favor, but I wasted money and received only rewards. I feel like I'm indulging in the favor of the other side, and it's actually painful. "
"And how much do you get?"
"It's 20 yen a month."
"If that's the case, why don't you just shut up?"
"But ..."
Shuhei had trouble explaining. I came to see my future life, but I didn't think of an excuse that I might stop Yokota. But then it was unlikely that I could get into the problem. He noticed his detour. At the moment, I didn't even reveal Yasuko. When I was thinking with my eyes down, Nomura asked me.
"Is it something awkward?"
"That's not the case," Shuhei replied.
"Actually, I've always wanted to talk to you."
Shuhei silently looked up at Nomura's face.
"You may have visited Yokota-san's house earlier this month. At that time, you were actually talking to me. However, you thought something strange and felt reluctant. It was something I was doing, so it wasn't a sudden story, so I came back silently ... Did something worry happen? "
"What kind of story is it?" Shuhei asked, regardless of the question.
Nomura didn't say that easily. I talked about how much I could do each month and what I should do if I was tight. Somehow a pitiful color floated in his eyes. Shuhei vaguely felt some anxiety.
"Life will be anything. I am prepared to do what I have," Shuhei said. "But what exactly is the story now?"
"Why, it's not clear yet ... I got a letter from Mr. Mizutani of Hankou."
And he took out a letter from the drawer of the desk.
Shuhei showed the sent letter and read it. ――At the beginning, from the greeting of the time, a thank you for being taken care of by Inoue was stated every time. It was included in the text as "It's a sudden ritual." It was said that the business situation was suddenly sluggish due to the Chinese people's fever, and the Mizutani store suffered a great deal of damage due to the riots, and future remittances may not be left to the discretion. I may be recovering soon, but I have no idea what I am doing at the moment, so I will try to send money from here as much as possible, but I will not budget it as an emergency and will pay tuition from others. He often told Inoue to take a method to obtain the money, and acknowledged that he would like to ask for his efforts. In some cases, you should tell Inoue directly, "In some cases, you should talk to the person about your situation, and how many minutes of guidance should be taken to proceed with your heart." He said, "Because I'm such a small person," I should be pessimistic, so I would like you to talk to me from time to time.
Shuhei-I felt weird about it-but I didn't feel a big blow. I felt like I had hit something that should have hit one day. He carefully read the letter twice. Then I stared at Nomura's face. Nomura also silently looked back at his face.
"Did you hear from me after this?" He asked.
"I received a letter once for other things, but it seems that I am in great trouble. Still, about a week ago, I sent you thirty yen asking me to do it."
Then Nomura was silent for a while, but suddenly he said something like this.
"There would have been a letter in the letter telling you about my circumstances and giving you guidance. That means you shouldn't be in debt."
According to Nomura, he wasted a little money before graduating from college and borrowed high-interest money, which still had a thousand yen left, and he was even busy paying six-sixths of the monthly interest. That's right. ――The reason why Mizutani knows that is that when Mizutani often asks to take care of his acquaintance's daughter to his wife, Nomura reveals the circumstances on the right and intends to stay in a boarding house until the debt is exhausted. It seems that he refused.
Shuhei stared at Nomura's face even more seriously. Occupy a fine tatami room with a waiting room in Sanboku, equipped with a considerable amount of furnishings from "just" to a chest of drawers, and clean the hair on the forehead that shines brightly every morning for 20 minutes. I never dreamed that the divided Nomura would have such debt. And he couldn't understand Nomura's feelings of smoking in the boarding house room with his surroundings neatly arranged.
"That's what it is," he said, "I wish I could return it early."
"Hey, that's not the case. Sometimes I'm in a hurry, and I have to build up some physical surface .... That's just a horn," he said. "No matter how much trouble I have, I don't borrow money. I have to do it with what I have today."
Shuhei silently looked at his face again.
"By the way, it's about you," Nomura said, "I think you need to be prepared. Mr. Mizutani is right, and I can't afford it because of the circumstances on the right. Therefore, you have to make a policy of earning your own tuition. It must be painful, but even if you don't earn all of it, if you don't have enough money, Mizutani-san will send you an untimely remittance. There may be, and in some cases I can replace it, but I only need to make a firm decision. "
"That's what I was prepared for from the beginning ..." said Shuhei.
"Of course it was the same at that time, but this time it became a real problem .... And is there any idea of ​​work?"
When asked, Shuhei was nothing. I had almost no idea. Nomura watched the situation for a while, but soon he said it.
"Actually, when I saw Mr. Mizutani's letter, I immediately thought about the future. When I visited Mr. Yokota's house, what was the intention of consulting with him? I couldn't say it when I saw you thinking about it. And I asked an acquaintance that there is one job, but it's a very bad job, but how about it? Do you want to try it? "
It was a translation of a book. There was a person who was in the same bank as Nomura and was studying labor issues a little. And recently I got an English book entitled "Trade Unions and Workers". It discussed the essence of what is called a labor union, and was cited by the unions of each country. Words such as Germany, France and Italy came out. The person was in trouble because he didn't know English. There was a story from Nomura about Inoue. In that case, it was decided that the book could be translated. However, the reward was extremely small because I asked for the translation of the entire book in a semi-trivial way, although it would be sufficient if I had the translation of words other than English. It was a book with less than 300 pages, and it was said that it was an idea of ​​about 50 omasum per page. Instead, there was no deadline limit.
"Because you go to college every day, it's convenient to ask in any language. And even economic technical words need only be understood by the person, so it's okay to translate them loosely. Why don't you give it a try? I'm sorry for the small reward. "
Shuhei was worried whether he could do it, but he agreed on the condition that he was a rabbit and a horn. I decided to have the book sent from Nomura immediately.
"There will be better jobs in the future, so be careful."
"Please," said Shuhei.
When Shuhei was about to return, Nomura asked as he remembered.
"You said earlier that you might turn down Mr. Yokota, but what happened?"
"No, not ..." And he cut off a bit. "I just feel like I'm doing something in vain because I'm a smart boy."
"In that case, you never refuse, because it was originally from the favor of the other person."
"Yes," Shuhei replied vaguely.
When he stood up, he was stopped for a moment and was invited to go out for a cup of tea, but he refused and resigned with a strangely rushed feeling.
"Let's talk slowly while eating together next time," Nomura sent him down the stairs.
     Twenty-four
Shuhei threw himself into the cramped boarding house, holding his fists and taking a deep breath.
My life, which I intended to confirm, was as clear as possible. I couldn't expect any assistance from others, so I just relied on my own arm. He decided to grab everything he could touch. From that decision, he held back the desire to curse the world and curse the people. The first time I decided not to give up my hardships came to my mind. I remembered that night's dream that stuck to the bottom of my memory. I saw a strong beggar. He said himself. "I don't want to be a strong beggar. I want to be a strong fighter."
Even with the decision, I had almost no idea what to do from now on. At the end of my thoughts, Yasuko was just thought to be familiar.
Soon, Nomura sent "labor union and workers". Shuhei was surprised to take a peek. It was very difficult to understand because the text was unpleasantly twisted and out of my knowledge. Furthermore, when it came to translating it into Japanese, I didn't know how to translate the economic words that appeared in abundance. Besides, he knew only English and German. It was difficult for anyone in the university to ask him the French and Italian words that appear inside. He took three days to read through the text to get used to it. --The labor union was initially created as a self-defense agency for workers against capitalists, but then became a mutual aid agency and turned into a combat agency. And it can be dismantled with the victory of the battle. Because after the victory, the worker becomes a small capitalist as an individual or a large capitalist as a group, and the union is destined to become a union of arrogant capitalists. In order to relieve this crisis, goods must be released from individuals or groups of individuals. In other words, the idea of ​​ownership must be overturned. ――It seemed to be a general argument. In addition, there was a detailed anatomy of the labor unions of each country.
Of course, Shuhei didn't know whether the argument was right or wrong, and it was difficult to even understand the text in detail. However, I was fascinated by the release of goods from individuals or groups of individuals. However, the clear idea was not obtained.
He threw a book and threw himself on a tatami mat. It was raining outside. It was a gloomy rain like the rainy season. The outline of the object was strangely blurred and dim. And before he knew it, he was indulging in reading Yoshikawa's diary again. When I noticed it myself, I was confused by the suspicious feeling that Yoshikawa and myself were the same person.
He stood up and started walking around the room. I wanted to see her and Yasuko again. I wanted to hear that radiant and tense voice. However, it was regrettable to visit from here. That promise should be kept in my heart as a mere promise, and I felt that I shouldn't rely on it to take any ill-advised actions.
There was no news from Yasuko. He gradually fell into melancholy despair.
However, one morning-about ten days after Shuhei returned to the boarding house-Houko's postcard came in.
That morning Shuhei woke up late as usual. The shutters across the corridor had already been released. A newspaper was thrown into the pillow head. He tried to pick up the newspaper, rubbing his eyes. Then, there was something that fell from the top of the newspaper into a tatami mat. It was a postcard. Beyond the sandy beach with a few pine trees, there was a spacious sea with big waves rolling around. Shuhei glanced at it. The word "Oarai" imprinted on the bottom caught my eye. He was shocked. I hurriedly turned the table over and read it.
What happened after that? You haven't come out at all. Not sick. If you're sick I hope you're not sick. Ryukichi is also waiting. I have something I want to show you.
[# Raise two characters from the ground] Yasuko Yokota
Shuhei jumped up with the postcard in his hand. I opened the window door. Cool air came in. He sat there again and read the postcards again and again. Then I stared at the name.
When the turmoil of surprise and joy at the beginning subsided, he felt weird. I said it in my mouth with Yasuko Yokota. I felt like I met a stranger's name. For him, Yokota was his master, Teisuke, and Yasuko was, of course, Mrs. Yokota, a nostalgic "girlfriend." He had never clearly remembered the name that was attached to both Yasuko Yokota. He repeated in his mouth with Yasuko Yokota.
When he noticed it himself, he clearly felt what kind of position he was in. I felt that I had to decide my attitude.
I thought it was appropriate to retire from Yokota's house, and I thought that I would go on my own way with only the promise with Yasuko in my heart, it was just a matter of feeling. Now that Yasuko's postcards have been attached, it has become a real problem that cannot be deceived.
He was thinking about that half a day. No matter how much I thought about it, it was not a problem to be solved. It also made me feel repulsive and stunned. It also made me feel dark and desperate. However, I missed her and felt sad. It also gave me a refreshing feeling that everything was a dream. It also gave me a brave feeling to wake up against my surroundings and myself. It also made me want to throw everything out and sneak into her heart. And in the end, all my feelings were confused, and I quietly calmed down in a stupor.
He looked at the sky from the open window. There was already an autumn color in the sky. The graceful things have tightened my heart. He stayed still for a long time, but he never stood up. ――Let's push it into your heart as a love of a long time ago. Let's lead the tragic power that springs from doing so to the one that shakes ourselves. Let's bury the past in the future!
He took a copy of Yoshikawa's diary from the drawer of his desk and turned it into ashes in a brazier. When I was looking at the blue flame licking the paper, I couldn't help but tears came out. The tears were also pleasant now.
He folded his arms, closed his eyes, hung his head, and tried to remorse for a while. And when it was about to be disturbed, he stood up. Then I hurried to Yokota's house.
     twenty five
Shuhei went back and forth in front of Yokota's house a couple of times, and then went on. After the maid who came out to the front door, I went to the tatami room.
"Mr. Inoue was here."
He stood vaguely behind the maid telling Yasuko. When Yasuko saw her, she greeted her politely.
"welcome."
Shuhei was a little upset. However, the next moment, he was bathed in strong words.
"Mr. Inoue, what's wrong? It's pretty terrible if you don't have any use. I thought I'd say a small word" when you come. "
However, his eyes floated in a gentle color and hugged him. He had a strange feeling and said while sitting there.
"Because I was a little busy ..."
"Have you ever been busy?" Said the gardener.
Yokota bent over in the garden and was looking at a large empty lotus bowl filled with half the water. Shuhei was slightly surprised. He hid it himself.
"Have you gone home yet?"
"Oh, a few days ago," Yokota replied. Then suddenly I changed my tone. "Thank you for everything while you're away. It must have been boring."
"No."
The next time he tried to say something, he remembered his cheek muscles quivering. I bit my lower lip so that I couldn't see it, and I changed my mind to a sloppy one and took a light breath.
"I have something I want to show you," Yasuko said. "Please guess what .... well, there is no hit."
A dew-exposed look that did not take on a little cloudiness was looking into him.
He cut off his words in an attempt to say, "Dashi ...". I was wondering if I should hide the postcard from her before Yokota. I thought it didn't matter. And I rephrased.
"Because there are times when you can guess what you don't hit?"
"You, take a look at this," Yokota said.
Shuhei went out to the porch and looked at him. I couldn't see what was in the lotus bowl that Yokota was looking into. I hung down the garden clogs.
"Oh!" He exclaimed.
In the lotus bowl, there were 145 eels that were twice as large as the thumbs.
It was a souvenir that Yokota brought from the countryside. It is said that he filled a small bucket with algae, soaked it in water lightly, and put it in it. Even though he traveled for 56 hours, he was still fine when he put it in water.
"Eel is interesting, I love it," Yokota said. "At the spawning season, they go down to the sea, go to the deep bottom of dozens of hiro, and lay their eggs there. I'm going back. Isn't it interesting? "
"Is that true? There are eel cubs in swamps and other places without entrances."
Yokota looked into the lotus bowl again, saying, "That's the one who turned the yam into an eel." "It's a wonderful eel, you. I've been waiting for you to treat this."
Shuhei felt like he couldn't decline it.
The eel was immediately broken by the fish shop "Sakanaya" in the neighborhood. I baked it with Yasuko and the maid as I remembered from the summer resort. The scent of being roasted on the wire mesh drifted toward the tatami room. Only half of the lotus pots in the garden still had a few days left to live.
"It's kind of cruel," said Shuhei.
"But," Yokota replied, "When I see kabayaki, it just feels completely different from when I was alive. Like fish and vegetables, the food itself. It seems to essentially change the way you feel about it. "
In fact, the kabayaki that was served on the table did not have the feeling of eel when it was alive. Shuhei felt weird. Speaking of strange things, I also felt strange about Yokota, Yasuko, and Takakichi. The problems that had been suffering so far were hidden to the bottom, and the spirit of a peaceful supper dominated the seat. Yokota was licking a little cup. Yasuko was shining her face on the fire. Ryukichi was sucking kabayaki like that.
Shuhei silently piled up the number of cups.
"Mr. Inoue," said Yasuko, "You can drink a lot with a face that you can't drink."
"What kind of face is a face that you can't drink?" Said Shuhei.
"A face like you. Look in the mirror."
Shuhei suddenly felt uncomfortable. He knew the flaws in his facial features-the eyebrows and eyes were close, the nose was long, and * [# "Omi + Page", 4th level 2-92-25] was short. I felt that I was despised by Yasuko. Yokota opened his mouth when he wanted to say something back.
"Then, what kind of face is my face?"
"It looks like a bronze statue. It doesn't look like it's going to bald for the time being even if you bukkake it."
"I wonder if it turned so black."
"Yes, it's pitch black. Hey, Mr. Inoue."
Shuhei glanced at her with her smiling lips looking into her white teeth and tilting her head lightly. The wet eyes, with the shadow of the eyelashes, captured his heart. He remembered his forehead sweating. Then, I found out that my face was burning red. What she said was not the appearance of the face, but the color. Still rebelliously said.
"Stop criticizing your face, because you can't do it yourself by nature."
"I don't like this," Yokota responded. "I can't make a face at all by myself."
Yasuko looked at her so that she wouldn't fall in love with her, but then she burst into laughter.
"There are red demons and blue demons among drinkers. You're still black when you drink, so it's a black demon. Inoue-san turns red soon, so red demons. When I become a blue demon, it's just Good. Let's drink a little. "
"I'm sorry for the blue demon, because it's troublesome to take care of it later. The red demon is better."
"Am I so red?" Said Shuhei.
"Yes, it's bright red," Yasuko replied. "You're wondering, it turns red quickly, and then no matter how much you drink, it's okay."
In fact, Shuhei didn't get drunk at all while his face turned red. The inside of my head was just clear. And I couldn't help feeling the loneliness and quietness of the scene inside the room, as if I were looking through the glass. The clear loneliness was further reflected toward me.
He had a sloppy meal and went out to the porch. It was a monster-like night with no visible stars. When I closed my eyes and stayed still for a while-Ryukichi came. He suddenly caught it and hugged it on his lap. Quiet tears came out.
Twenty-six
Shuhei knew how powerless it was to think about it in his head. In the question of whether to move forward or backward, in the question of determining one's attitude, what I thought and decided at that time was, in fact, just the mood of that time. As I changed my mood, my thoughts changed immediately. In the meantime, the facts go on and on, dragging everything. And how far are you going?
Shuhei became scary when he thought about it. Looking back on my position in front of Yokota, Yasuko, and Takakichi, it seemed unlikely that this would be the case. What should I do if my will is powerless? In order to avoid visible ruin, and to guide the progress of the facts in the right direction, there was no other choice but to hit them all the way, and to go ahead. It was foolish to stick to the facts with anxiety.
He boldly tried to take everything. As before, I came to answer Ryukichi's question once a week. He acted calmly-as if he was ill-mannered-while abandoning all his worries about Yokota and Yasuko. And finally, he couldn't tell for himself whether his heart was supported by a strong force or was thrown into a dump.
Yasuko turned it around without permission.
When Ryukichi was done, she told him to play. He settled on her side. I had an unreserved small talk. In the evening, she said she was eating rice. He asked if there was a treat. During the treat, he wandered around the garden, lay down to read magazines, and dealt with Ryukichi. Sometimes I pointed to Yokota and Shogi. Even if Yokota retired to the study after the meal, he often did not stand up. With Ryukichi and sometimes the maid, I played cards and did Gomoku. When Yokota, who had finished his work, joined it, he was still late to return. When I finally got home, Yasuko said that it was too late to stay overnight. No, he replied that he would return. Yasuko said that I would like you to come in such a few days. The shoji was replaced on that day. He came as promised. Together with the maids, I washed the bones of the shoji and put up paper. When he saw that the pine trees in the garden seemed to be sick, he came to see the green leaves from himself * [# "Tehen + Inferior", Level 3 1-84-77]. I was taken to a yose to thank him. We went with four people including Yokota and Ryukichi. On the way back he sent him to the front of the house. I was forcibly drawn in when I was drinking tea.
However, he never stayed even late at night. Also, I didn't come to Yokota on Wednesday when various people gathered.
"Come on Wednesday," Yasuko said.
"No," he replied.
"why?"
When asked, he didn't understand for some reason.
"Why don't you?" Asked Yasuko again.
Shuhei replied after thinking a little.
"I'm sorry because various people come and argue that it's art or thought. True artists don't discuss art, and true thinkers don't discuss thought."
"Because it's not a serious discussion, it's just a joke, so it's okay."
"Don't be afraid. When a person seriously believes in something, he can't just jokingly dismiss it with an epigram or something. It's not distracting with a dumb story."
"That would make you inadvertently dumb."
"That's why I like to keep silent alone."
And he sat on the porch or lay down in the room and remained silent forever. Even though I felt that I could sometimes stare at him from Yasuko, I still didn't move.
"Mr. Inoue," Yasuko called for a while, "Why don't you go to the zoo or activities?"
"Yes, I'm sorry to go. I have to kill time with something."
"Then I'll stop," Yasuko said, trying to spit it out.
Shuhei raised his face. At first glance, Yasuko seemed to be coldly squeezing her face and inwardly frustrating something.
"Why?" He asked.
"Because there is a greeting because people are inviting me to kill time for some reason. The person who kills time is Shinpei."
"Then let's cancel the killing of time."
"It's the same as canceling."
Nevertheless, they ended up going out with Ryukichi. Yasuko had an unpleasantly cold attitude. Shuhei looked at it sideways and dealt only with Ryukichi.
He didn't understand Yasuko's feelings at all. The girlfriend who holds him back and lures him out, and the girlfriend who is frustrated by something and shows a cold gesture, are seen in his eyes as separate things. Even though I thought it didn't matter anymore, I was still worried about it.
She bent a little and walked ahead. A small, tightly tied obi at the height of the back, wearing a crepe haori from above, and waving the straightened hands in line with the movement of the legs, the appearance of a thin figure walking straight. Had a certain inaccessible coldness. And she didn't speak much. In front of the cages of beasts and birds, I stopped for a moment and passed by. Shuhei and Ryukichi tended to lag behind. Looking at the activity, she didn't say anything. Near the end, I got up early before people were crowded. I didn't even eat anything on my way home.
However, when she got home, she served sweets and coffee. Yokota was also called from the study. He talked about what he saw in an interesting way. He stopped Shuhei from going home and said that everyone should do something and play. But Shuhei was exhausted.
"It's sissy, even though it's a man," she said.
Shuhei felt incomprehensible even by himself. And a lonely heart turned toward Ryukichi.
     Twenty seven
The space between Shuhei and Ryukichi gradually disappeared from that of the teacher and the teacher. In the room dedicated to Ryukichi's study, I left the school lessons and had a short conversation. ] I spent a long time in silence.
Always opened his mouth from Ryukichi. And he told Shuhei about the week and that he was heavily involved with the Yokota couple.
――My uncle and aunt went to a concert, so I woke up late at night and waited, but they didn't bring anything. It's boring, so I silently fell asleep first. Then, the next day, I got a paint from my aunt. --My uncle made a scary face and kept silent for a day. No matter what I said, he didn't reply. When I asked my aunt later, she said she was thinking about something. It was said that in such a case, we had to be quiet. ――My uncle said he would take me to eat Western food, but I wouldn't take him forever. ――My aunt told me to play outside for a while instead of staying at home. However, there was no place to go because there were only bad guys in the neighborhood, and when I was sad and crying, my aunt came and hugged me. And it was said that it was better for the body to play a little outside, even in the garden. --My uncle stopped drinking and wanting to drink a little. My uncle yelled at me with a scary face. My aunt also argued in a loud voice. And it became a quarrel. But soon after, they both started laughing. I didn't understand anything. --My aunt asked me to wake up my uncle taking a nap on the second floor. No matter how much I wake up, I won't wake up. I couldn't help it, so I turned over the futon. Then my uncle suddenly got up and stared at me. It wasn't said anything, but it wasn't that scary. --My uncle was in a very good mood. I was told to put a negative on my back. When I was stupid, I was scolded for why I wasn't negative. So I got on my back, but somehow my body became stiff. My uncle walked around in the garden. My aunt was watching it, but she said that both negative and negative monkeys were not good at it. I missed it, so I jumped on my back. Immediately it was dropped to the porch. This time, my aunt told me to try negative numbers. He clung to his back with all his might, and was immediately taken down again. Strangely, both my uncle and aunt were silent. I didn't know what to do, so I ran away suddenly. ――When my uncle is out of school, both my uncle and aunt oversleep, so I have to get up early by myself. It was boring, so I didn't know that the maid would come to wake me up many times. Then my aunt got up, saying that if I didn't get up anymore, I would be late for school. I jumped up when I saw it. My aunt looked at me, so I was wondering if I would be scolded, but I couldn't say anything. ......
Ryukichi talked about such things by looking at Shuhei's face. He seemed to be looking forward to talking while hesitating.
Shuhei did not give a simple reply. I felt like I didn't know if I could hate Ryukichi, be merciful, or love him. At the end of that feeling, it was painted in a gloomy color. And it has been reflected on my own body. Two orphans lined up! It was reflected in his head like that.
He saw Ryukichi as a stubborn person. Ryukichi clung to his eyes.
"I will become a painter when I grow up."
It was sudden, Shuhei was amazed.
"Because Takashi didn't like painting, did he?" He asked.
"Um, I like it."
"Why did you like it?"
Ryukichi was silent for a while, but said it like German.
"I want to draw a picture like the one in the exhibition."
"I've already gone to the exhibition."
"I didn't go there with my uncle and aunt alone, but there were a number of pictures in the newspaper."
"And I want to draw such a picture."
Ryukichi snapped his eyes without answering anything. After a while, he said in a low voice.
"I'm going to draw a picture of my father."
Shuhei stared at the face. Then I asked him with a kind of brutal interest that would harass the little bird in his palm.
"What about your mother?"
Ryukichi sharpened his mouth and looked at the eyes under the convex forehead << Odeko >>.
"Mom is a bad person," he said. "My grandmother said I shouldn't talk about my mom, but I'll also draw a picture of her. I don't mind. Mom isn't that bad, I'm sorry. If something bad happens to me, I feel like my mom will come to help me. My dad is dead, but my mom is alive. Really? I'll find out. "
I didn't know if I was angry or crying. I shook my body lightly after saying that, but I immediately stopped it and drew unpleasant wrinkles on my eyebrows, thinking about something.
"Why do you find it?" Shuhei pursued.
"I don't know. It's been a while since I grew up."
"Do you remember your mom's face?"
"I do not remember."
Ryukichi threw the answer to spit out, and this time he was really angry. I'm sure I tied my mouth and turned my eyes down, and kept silent forever.
That feeling has also infected Shuhei. I remembered the dark resentment of everyone.
"Ryu-chan," he said, "Do you know why your dad died?"
Ryukichi silently looked back at his face. I didn't seem to understand the meaning of the question.
"I remember when my dad died," he said.
"I don't remember well," Ryukichi replied. "You died from a headache. Really?"
Shuhei just nodded.
"Mr. Inoue knows your father very well. If you know him, would you like to ask me? No one would ask me. When I asked my aunt, I got a scary look. . "
Shuhei was sharp. I remembered Yasuko's words. Ryukichi gently looked into me as I kept silent. And before I knew it, I had a light smile on one cheek. When Shuhei saw it, he felt weirdly disturbed. What are you doing with your kids! I started bathing myself. He said it didn't matter anymore.
However, when Ryukichi's grandmother, Teishi, introduced me by chance, I couldn't help but tremble in my chest.
     twenty eight
It was a completely coincidental opportunity.
When Shuhei went one day, the maid came out to the front door in a hurry. And he led him towards the living room. He asked because something was strange.
"What's wrong, today."
"You are the customer."
"Yes. Then what about Takashi?"
"Bochama is also a tatami room, but please wait a moment, I'll ask you."
Shuhei was made to wait vaguely during the living room alone. After a while, the maid came back.
"Please come here soon."
"to me?"
"Yes. There is a grandmother, a ward mother."
Shuhei stood up, but hesitated a little. Still, the maid went all the way, so I followed her. When I stopped here in the fusuma, I heard Yasuko's voice saying, "Please come in." He went in and bowed out of nowhere.
Facing Yasuko, there was an elegant grandmother, who was less than 60 years old, wearing a haori and kimono of rice Ryu Kasuri.
"Mr. Inoue," said Yasuko. "This is Ryukichi's grandmother."
While Shuhei was trying to say hello, he was overtaken from the other side.
"I'm Sadako, Ryukichi's grandmother. It seems that Ryukichi has been indebted to me from beginning to end, and I wanted to see him once, but I'm not free."
Shuhei just bowed low. I got a good impression from the tone and appearance of the words. Still, I tried to say something, but the words didn't come out in my throat. When he looked at Ryukichi, who was sitting silently beside him, Ryukichi looked back at him with a smile.
"It's hard for you to come all the way every week," said Teishi.
"No, I'm playing anyway."
And Shuhei waited for the next word. But Teishi didn't say anything anymore. Yasuko talked to me and gave me a simple answer. Shuhei gently looked at his face. He pulled up his black hair, which seems to have been dyed, to the back and showed a wide forehead. Small eyes with a little dent, straight nose, long * [# "Omi + Page", 4th level 2-92-25], they were very similar to Ryukichi. The ribs appeared to be slightly raised due to the muscles from the side of the nose to the cheeks, but it also matched well with the forehead and * [# "Omi + Page", 4th level 2-92-25]. On the contrary, it added a solid and elegant taste. She returned a short word to Yasuko, without breaking such a face at all, and with almost no smile on her face. Yasuko talked about various things alone. Shuhei and Ryukichi sat silently as if they had been misplaced.
After a while, Teishi said he had to go home. Yasuko stopped steadily, but he said that he couldn't do anything because of his house.
"Please wait a moment," said Yasuko, and stood up to the other side.
Shuhei was left facing Teishi.
Teishi turned to Shuhei and looked at his face seriously. He gradually turned his face down.
"I've always wanted to see you, but I can't come out freely ..." she said. "I visit here once or twice a month after seeing a small gap. Still, I was reassured to hear about you. Takakichi As you know, I am in a bad condition, so I will do my best to ask. "
Speaking of that, Shuhei, on the one hand, was afraid, but on the other hand, he became familiar with him as if he had been an acquaintance for some time.
"Ryu-chan," Teishi called to Ryukichi, who was silent over there, "Please give me a glass of sugar water, because my throat is a little sick."
Ryukichi stood immediately. Meanwhile, Teishi advanced his knees toward Shuhei and whispered in a whisper.
"I was worried because I wanted to apologize to you, but I'm grateful to see you. I heard that you wanted to see a picture of Takakichi's father. I promised Mr. Yokota that I wouldn't talk about my parents at all in front of him. But please don't feel bad. I'll see you again someday ... "
"No," Shuhei interrupted the word. "I know the circumstances."
Teishi looked into his eyes. And then he said.
"I have a lot to talk about, but ..."
The maid brought sugar bath there, so Teishi snarled. And as she picked up the cup, Yasuko and Ryukichi came out. Yasuko had a small furoshiki wrap in her hand. When I put it in front of Teishi, Teishi silently received it.
"Then, please give my best regards to Mr. Yokota," said Teishi.
When she stood up and went home, Shuhei had a strange regret and followed everyone to the front door. Ryukichi will send him to the train.
Shuhei was still vaguely standing there even after the two disappeared outside the gate.
"What's wrong, Mr. Inoue?"
Shuhei turned around with a feeling of returning to me for the first time. Yasuko was looking into him. He smiled at his mouth, staring at his eyes.
"Are you a good person?"
"Yes," Shuhei replied.
"It looks like you've come to like it completely."
Shuhei didn't know what to say, he just gave a bitter smile. Then, after Yasuko, I returned to the tatami room.
"You would have been happy to see Ryukichi's grandmother."
As soon as I got to the seat, Yasuko asked me that way.
"Why?" Shuhei replied.
"Why do I just feel that way?"
The ridiculous eyes flashed wisely. When I thought about it, she suddenly turned into a serious tone.
"You seem to be very close to Ryukichi these days. What are you talking about for a long time?"
"I'm playing with ramblings," Shuhei replied. "It's especially around this time that it's more interesting to deal with children than adults."
"that's all?"
What is that? He didn't know if it was. I looked back and asked what it meant. She kept saying it regardless.
"You have to feel weirdly abandoned these days."
The word stabbed his chest directly. But he was scared to take it seriously. I tried to force myself into the sky.
"How about you?"
"I think that's fine."
"There are times when you just throw yourself away ..."
"Mr. Inoue!"
Yasuko became a kid, but she kept silent with her lips shaking slightly. I messed up my gaze and eventually dropped it on my lap.
"I am," said Shuhei, "I think I know myself well. I won't cheat on anything. And I'll keep my promise well ... I'll keep it. I will. "
"Do you care about anything else as long as you keep your promise?"
It was like yelling. He had no idea why she was frustrated. When she was silent, she said again.
"It's the same as cheating yourself to be obsessed with things that have passed forever and to have a calm face on the surface."
Shuhei was surprised and looked back at her face. ――Isn't she the one who cheated like that? I think it's a self-deception to make him look calm only on the surface, pull him around, and disguise himself as strangely frustrated or cold in his heart. Isn't she strangely involved even today? -She tends to be a little distorted, tying her lips and making small wrinkles on her eyebrows. Shuhei shook himself in his heart, thinking that his eyebrows were printed more beautifully than usual.
"Don't say anything anymore, I'm going on a serious path," he swore.
"Yes," Yasuko replied, and thought about something.
Shuhei was surprised again by the unexpected change. Then, at the next moment, I held on to the fact that my cheek muscles were stiff and I was about to cry. The inside of my head calmed down.
When Ryukichi returned, he refused to feel sick and declined to escape. The dew-exposed Yasuko's eyes approaching directly, and the question * [# The vertical bar made with "rubbing" penetrates down, 4th level 2-13-28] A strangely sharp Ryukichi He was even more threatened by his eyes.
     XXIX
It was a chilly autumn evening, with the brilliant afterglow blocked by the clouds hanging in the west sky. Shuhei hurriedly returned to the boarding house, but when his lonely and empty room was reflected in his head, he felt unbearable to bring his current painful heart there. Fortunately, there were 67 wrinkled fifty bills left at the bottom of the money box, so I stopped by the cafe I saw and had 56 glasses of whiskey. There was only one guest with long hair and a dresser, and the room with the lamp just turned on was quiet. He stared at the surface of the wall, turning his back to the customer who was secretly discussing something with the female waiter.
It was a perfect fit for his feelings.
He thought that it would be possible to get through, but it wasn't until he hit it that he knew that there was a wall that he couldn't get through. I was confused between Yasuko and Ryukichi, just like I was hitting my head against the wall. However, he was still not sure if he was still in love with Yasuko.
When I thought about it with my head paralyzed by alcohol, everything swirled and messed up, and the whirlpool was sucked into the wall, leaving only my figure facing the wall. It calmed down. It was stuffy and scary. I was worried about how far my heart would change.
He jumped out of the cafe and walked around the streets at night for a long time. The light of the streetlights that emerged in the darkness and the tragic feelings of the drunkenness wrapped everything in a dreamlike deception. And, with a tearful heart that only cherishes the present life, he vaguely returned to the four-and-a-half boarding house where there was no fire in the late night when it was cold on the skin of the 袷. I felt that it was a godsend to sleep in a thin futon.
However, the next morning, when the sharp but strangely weak sunlight lit up my figure, I felt unbearable and lonely. And by the time next Monday came, I was in a mess that I couldn't help myself. Yasuko calmly attracted it and kept it close.
The inspiration of reason sometimes passed through his head. ――Isn't Yasuko playing around with you? ――Isn't Yasuko trying to save herself from the ruts of Yoshikawa, even if she dares to take some risks? ――Or maybe Yasuko herself is struggling with the same heart as herself?
And the assumption on the right was that the first two were too bitter and the latter one was too self-confident. He was at a loss during that time. When I met Yasuko, I didn't have the courage to push that point.
He had a lonely heart towards Ryukichi. Ryukichi jumped into his bosom and struck his key point about his parents. His heart was even more disturbed. That reflected in Yasuko and became her frustration.
He found himself not knowing what to do. Then, gradually, he immersed himself in the sake cup.
     Thirty
Since I started going in and out of various cafes, Shuhei's personal belongings became more and more lonely. A flimsy futon, a few kimonos, a cell hakama, 78 notebooks, a poor old desk, and a fedora carried over from the previous year were all in his possession. I sold it to Yanagiyuki Lee. The university uniform was just stored in the pawn shop's warehouse. Then, finding himself in a vacant room with only the immediate necessities, he was struck by a half-desperate and tragic feeling.
Under such circumstances, he grasped the two inner dusts. --One was not to abuse Yasuko's favor. He never borrowed money from her, no matter how troubled he was. Asking for more material assistance, just silently receiving the monthly delivery, seemed to depress both my heart and her heart. No matter how painful it was, I still wanted to keep her in my heart. But unless something miraculous happened, it wouldn't help. --The other was not to crudely translate "labor unions and workers." Doing abusive translations for money seemed to corrupt one's psyche. However, the translation did not progress slowly as "Chichi". It was written in a twisted sentence with unfamiliar content, and I didn't feel like it at all. He couldn't afford to study the idea, though there were some words that made a sad heart-throbbing sound. Malaise came first. Then, he delivered 230 manuscripts to Nomura a month and was satisfied with the small amount of money given. Nomura's words, which the other person was pleased to say that it was a very good translation, were at least a consolation.
Thus, his two swords did not go outside the mere sword. His life became more and more difficult. The reward I received from Yokota's house and the small manuscript fee of the translation couldn't help. As I remembered after that, Mizutani sent me only 30 yen, and he didn't hear anything.
The boarding house was paid. I was able to borrow a little from people's cafes. Still, he was unknowingly attracted to the sake cup. I got excited when I had money. If I didn't have the money, I borrowed from Nomura and other acquaintances for 5 yen and 10 yen. At the time of no sentence, one of my friends managed to do it.
He gradually became closer to Murata and other friends. It was convenient in every respect. It was flexible and interesting. They were disgusted at Yokota's study, but they were happy when they took it off during the drinking cup. Even for them, Shuhei, a newcomer to Shinmai, was drawn for fun.
"Hey, Inoue, why don't you go on an expedition tonight?"
When the turmoil subsided, they called for the seeds of interest.
Shuhei was silent looking at his overcast eyes.
"Inoue is no good," Murata said. "I hate the Arctic and Antarctica, and I like the lukewarm temperate zone. It might be even better in the tropics, but that's just out of reach."
The temperate zone was the female waitress who had neither an amateur nor an expert.
And in fact, there was one of them who deeply attracted Shuhei's heart in a special sense.
31
A fairly wide Yokomachi that goes from the train road to the back crosses at a right angle to other back streets and turns diagonally to the left. At that corner, there was a Western-style building called Horai-tei, which was painted in green. The downstairs was a cafe, and the second floor was a restoran. On top of that, there was a narrow third floor that was built later, and it looked like a tower from the front. --There was a maid named Kiyo in the house.
It was a tall and thin woman. It wasn't as good as it was taken, but it was a face that gave a slight impression. The lower half of my face was cute. The cheek line, which ended in a slightly pointed chin, was next to a small mouth that seemed to be tied tightly, showing a bulge of flesh, and there was a youthfulness that seemed to make sweet words. Despite this, the upper half of his face was strangely old, his bone-like forehead was cloudy, and his temple's skin was loose and wrinkled. It had features on the nose and eyes. The nose was not so high, but it passed through to the rounded eyebrows. The eyes of the small double-eyed eyelids, the black-eyed eyelids, worked constantly and agilely, giving off an elusive inspiration.
Shuhei didn't even know when he remembered her face. He and his companions did not go to the cafe often. There were quite a few customers who came to eat the food on the second floor, and there were regulars who often went up to the third floor, so the people downstairs tended to be naturally dismissed, which was a little unpleasant. It was more interesting to make noise in a friendly house specializing in cafes. But ...
At one point, Shuhei was pulled from Takeuchi to that place again with a few friends. Takeuchi was drunk. Still, I drank it again. "It's a good sake," shouted Takeuchi and shook the empty Sakuramasamune bottle. The maids were laughing and looking at it from the other side, and they didn't even meet. There, Kiyoshi came down from the second floor. Takeuchi shook the bottle towards him. Okiyo stopped for a moment under the stairs and stared at me, but shook his head in silence. Her eyes at that time looked just like Yasuko. Shuhei thought at the moment, she gently walked up and said to Takeuchi.
"Stop you, you can't get sick when you get drunk. I'll give it to others," she stared at Shuhei. "You can drink as much as you want."
Shuhei felt weird in that condition. But what surprised him even more was that Takeuchi was very friendly with Kiyoshi and that everyone wasn't suspicious of it.
Takeuchi was not a friend of Shuhei or Murata. Of course, I was dating them, and I had visited Yokota's study on Wednesday a couple of times, but I stopped school halfway and just stuck to the buttocks of the literary men and walked. So, naturally, most of his life was out of their sight. I was always stroking my trowel and hair and smoking a gold mouth.
Shuhei was a little intrigued by the kind of antipathy between Takeuchi and Okiyo. On his way home from Horai-tei, he asked Takeuchi.
"Do you often go to that house?"
"why?"
"Because it seems to be very friendly with the maids."
While Takeuchi was trying to say something, others smiled. So Takeuchi burst into laughter.
Shuhei felt weird.
Eventually, Takeuchi slammed the smoked cigarette into the ground and said while looking at the sparks that were scattered.
"I'm glad I got to know you. Somehow ... I think it's because I'm abusive and friendly, and I think it's a bad senryu." And he suddenly turned to Shuhei. "You weren't directed to the water again ... That's clean. But stop that. The maid's head is dignified, but she's dignified by her age. Because it's ridiculous because it's so intimidating. "
"Because it's still better than nothing," someone mixed back.
"Well, this guy is a stone crusher."
Shuhei didn't understand the meaning. However, when that happened, it became difficult to ask. I pretended to know and laughed out loud.
However, for that reason, on the contrary, a strangely emotional commitment was left behind.
He later asked Murata, who wasn't there that night.
"You don't know yet, that famous story," Murata said, looking back at Shuhei's face.
"I don't know, so I'll ask."
"Don't worry about it. But in fact, it's a regrettable story to tell for free. Actually, it means that Takeuchi came to Kiyoshi for a while. Then I often went to that house and tried to hit it. I don't think there's any answer at all. It started earlier. And if I pretended to be drunk, I wrote that it was a dubious poem. He's sent me. He's a totally annoyed guy. On top of that, he's out of the ordinary. But that's how serious the teacher was. Still, he was calm and had an unfamiliar face. And the last catastrophe is the curtain ... but it's a comedy, of course. "
Shuhei was listening silently.
"One night, Takeuchi might have been drunk or pretended to be drunk, but he caught her and carried a notebook and a fountain pen-the one who always carries that kind of thing. ――I attached it and started to write something on it. I was sized to try to get a reply by force. I pulled it back for an hour, and I don't know if it was by myself or someone else's wisdom, but I twisted the phrase of the first generation.
[# Indent two characters from here]
Keep in mind the crushing of stones for you
[# End of indentation here]
And the signature is from the riverbank of the dice. "
Murata looked at Shuhei's face with an eye like "How is it?"
"The letters look bad, but the phrase is correct. That's why Takeuchi's guy, Gyafunsa at once. It made the place interesting. Teacher: Whenever I take care of that phrase and get drunk, I get drunk. Okiyo is the Murasaki Shikibu of your cafe, but it's actually a secret, but I walked by showing it off. Then, I wonder if I'm abandoned, ecstatic, or giving up. I don't know if it's a precautionary line, or we used to go to that house at that time. "
Shuhei was silent, Murata continued to say.
"But if you think about it, it's a boring story. It's a boring story. I'm making a fuss about falling in love with a woman who isn't funny, and I don't really care, but I'm forced to drag myself into the depths with the force of sake. That's right for Takeuchi. In front of my friends, and because of the surplus of sake, it seemed like I was screaming, but in reality it wasn't so much for Kiyoshi. Even if you crush it, it's no longer useful as a joke. After that, everyone gradually heads to such a house where the pressure is strangely pressured from the second and third floors. It's gone. It's a nomadic group. "
Shuhei listened carefully to Murata's words from the beginning. Murata's story had a lot of selfish creations as usual, and it seemed like he had put it together in his head. But in reality, it was more disorganized, with deep roots likely to appear here and there.
"It's okay to feel sick when you listen to your story," Shuhei said.
"why?"
"Because the story is good."
"Well, it's boring .... But in short, the world is sick. Drinking alcohol makes you even more sick. Why don't you go somewhere?"
However, Shuhei was feeling more and more refreshed instead of being drunk when he drank alcohol. Even if I feel like I'm throwing it away, my body gets hot with sake, and at the same time, a kind of excitement arises, and I stare at Yasuko and Furuyoshi from the bottom. It was. I felt unbearably miserable and even more tragic.
With that feeling, he began to pay attention to Kiyoshi without knowing it. From the beginning, his friends rarely went to Horai-tei, and he didn't go alone because he felt strange about Takeuchi, so it wasn't so often to meet Okiyo. .. However, I was a little worried that she would look just like Yasuko in the time signature. However, when I looked closely, Yasuko's eyes tended to have black eyes, but Kiyoshi's eyes looked strangely small. He didn't know why it would look the same.
When the forty-five people were blowing their own fever, Okiyo sometimes came to the side and cleared up like a queen of the troupe, or robbed the story alone. When the tone of the story became a little sword, I imitated a simple Kyo-Osaka valve and cheated. He repeated words such as "Sakai ... Omasu ... But ... Eh ... Really ... I don't ... Yaro ...".
"You don't like it, but it's not true, it's no good."
That's why everyone laughed. She retracted her neck, but turned to Shuhei, who was staring at her face.
"This looks at the face of a fly, but is there something on the face?"
Shuhei just smiled. But when he heard that her surname was Takai, he had to be afraid.
Among them, there is a man named Fukaya who knows only various boring things, and he will judge the first and last name, so he listens to everyone's first and last names one by one, and finally to Kiyoshi. It reached. At that time, she immediately replied, "Kiyoko Takai is a good name."
"Kiyoko Takai, that's a name you've come up with. You have to have a real name," Fukaya said.
"No, it's your real name," she said.
Shuhei felt that the name was something he had heard from the moment he heard it. Immediately, I remember clearly hearing from Murata that Ryukichi's mother was a woman named Eiko Takai.
It was true that Ryukichi's mother was named Eiko, even in light of the fact that she was Eko in Yoshikawa's diary. However, the surname was only heard by Murata, and I didn't confirm it with anyone. Even so, if the first name was correct, it was reasonable to say that the surname was not even wrong.
It may be a coincidence, but Shuhei thought. And the more I thought about it, the more I fell into a suspicious question. There aren't many surnames Takai, I heard from Murata about Eiko's body, Kiyo sometimes uses Keihan's valve, and Kiyo looks just like Yasuko-that's nothing Eiko. It was not a reason to bring Okiyo closer, but it resonated most strongly in Shuhei's heart. He thought about Yoshikawa's feelings at that time. Then, the look became very important.
Even so, if Okiyo was the successor to Eiko, Murata, who said she had met Eiko, couldn't have a calm attitude.
Shuhei was confused, and when he met Murata, he dared to ask.
"Did you really know Eiko Takai?"
"Eiko Takai, what's that woman?"
Murata looked back at Shuhei with a stern look.
"Sora, you talked about it someday, I was with Mr. Yoshikawa, and when I gave birth to Taka-chan, I abandoned Mr. Yoshikawa and went to Osaka ..."
"Oh, that woman?" Murata interrupted Shuhei's words halfway. "What's wrong with that?"
"No, I don't know ..."
"Then what? Did you hear the rumors? Did you meet such a woman?"
When asked, Shuhei didn't know how to answer. After being silent for a while, I rushed into pain.
"No, more than that, I wonder if you have met Eiko-san, that is the first question."
"No, it's annoying .... I've never met. I've only heard the name and I can usually imagine what kind of woman it is, but I haven't seen her face yet."
"But you even said that you were a woman with this kind of face in the story of your predecessors."
"That's my imagination. I can't write a novel if I don't know what it's like by listening to my personality. Now I'm going to write something amazing that will surprise everyone."
Shuhei was stunned.
"It's a lie just to meet the woman," Murata recalled, "Mr. Yoshikawa's story is true. If you think it's a lie, ask Mr. Yokota."
"No, I don't care about that."
And Shuhei started walking.
"Hey, don't hurry," Murata later called out. "Ask only me, what's wrong with you? That ... what did a woman named Eiko do?"
"It's nothing ..."
Shuhei inadvertently tried to confess about Qing. However, at that time, a freight car came from the other side, and he suddenly reconsidered while he shook his mouth because of the noisy sound of running past him.
"Actually, I wondered if Takashi was like a father or a mother, so I asked you."
"It's boring. I think it's something interesting because it makes me smell unpleasant ... Well, you're a child between two people, so it looks like both."
Although the air was clear, it was a cold night with a strangely black feeling. After walking silently for a while, Shuhei felt a little cold and looked after Murata.
"I want to do something hot somewhere."
"Good luck."
Murata replied so, and while walking without any decision, he said other things.
"Actually, I thought about writing about Mr. Yoshikawa in a novel. Of course, I modified it so that the model problem did not occur, and also Mr. Yokota-this is It doesn't matter because I'm the victor of love, but I'm a little nervous, so I'm going to skip it. In short, when I'm abandoned because of my broken heart, I'm caught by a strange woman and I hate it. The line is that you give birth to a child, then you are abandoned by the woman and live alone with your child. The psychology of gradually calming down from desperation to a serious human feeling, it is useless if it does not come out. For me now, I don't think I can go that far, so I stopped in the middle of the concept, but when I think about it, the line is a little stale. "
Shuhei didn't want to hear such a story now.
"Hey, where should I go?" He said.
Murata broke his back and gave a neat look.
"I want to talk slowly with you tonight."
"Okay, let's go to a house where no one comes."
"How about the third floor of Horai-tei?"
"Come on," Murata tilted his head.
"I have never climbed it, but what about it because it's just the right time?"
"That's right," Murata seemed undecided, but suddenly said in a loud voice. "Let's do that, but you're an unexpectedly dirty place."
Murata whistled and then said something else. While listening to it loosely, Shuhei suddenly became worried and had to refuse the loneliness of his bosom.
"Don't worry. I know that," Murata said.
32
While going to the front of Horai-tei, Shuhei's heart felt a kind of anxiety.
His imagination that Kiyo and Eiko might be the same person was that one obstacle was removed because Murata didn't know Eiko's face. He became more and more enthusiastic about the imagination, but on the one hand, when he thought of the case when the imagination became a fact, he felt uncertain what to do.
Besides, he also felt one concern. I didn't mind secretly inviting Murata to settle down on the third floor of Horai-tei-in some cases, I could confess everything-I met Murata alone and slowly. It was because I wanted to try it. However, when I was on the way, I felt that I wanted to meet Kiyoshi slowly, not just because of my curiosity. As he pondered various imaginations on Kiyoshi's body, he felt a faint trembling in her chest as she suddenly floated in her head. It was the same kind of feeling for Yasuko, but different. It's neither love nor love, but with a suspicious fascination similar to it, one is clear, while it has a hot turbidity towards the bottom.
He felt like falling into a dark place. At the same time, I felt like pampering myself. If he falls, he should fall, and then jump out, he said in his lonely heart.
Standing in front of Horai-tei, five or six guests were chatting loudly through the gaps in the glass door with a white cloth hanging inside, but they were close friends. It seemed that no one had come.
Murata made a wink toward Shuhei and pushed the door. Shuhei silently followed him.
Beyond the counter grid in the back, a housewife, Okami, who did not lose her face under any circumstances, showed a vague dark face. Murata went straight to that direction.
"Today I have a secret story with Mr. Inoue, so I will take a room on the third floor."
"Yes," the housewife gave a simple reply.
Murata whispered low to the maid who was fixing her chair to a moderate table when she saw them.
"Today I'm going to the third floor. Don't let me know who comes."
"why?"
Without answering that, Murata quickly climbed the wide stairs. By the time he stepped on the stairs, Shuhei saw that there was no Qing downstairs.
When I went up the stairs, I came out of a bright hall that was unimaginably wide from the downstairs. Tables covered with pure white cloth were lined up regularly. Two sets of guests were eating at the table near the window. I couldn't see Kiyoshi there either.
From the boundary between the hall and the small room next to it, a dim and narrow staircase climbed at a steep angle. When I climbed up it, I found a narrow corridor with a vague electric lamp that looked like a five-candle. On the left is a room with tatami mats, and a chabudai was placed on a dingy carpet. On the right is a Western-style room with bare walls painted white only on the ceiling, with one chaise longue and two or three wicker chairs surrounding a square table that is too large for the room.
Murata and Shuhei went into the Western-style room and threw themselves on the chaise longue. And I just looked at my eyes for no reason.
It felt like when I was quiet after ringing in my ears. Murata said while igniting a cigarette.
"How is it, it's a dirty and cramped room than I expected."
"No, it's simple, isn't it?"
A short, fertile maid brought in sake and food.
"I'm going to talk slowly with Inoue tonight, so you can go over there," Murata said.
Shuhei thought he would say something extra, but he couldn't stop it. It was that I was trying to relax alone. However, there was nothing interesting about the place where Murata and I were heading together. The purpose was to meet the Qing dynasty. And the Qing did not come out forever. When I wondered if I wasn't there, I could clearly remember that I couldn't see him downstairs or upstairs.
In the meantime, Murata said that this was a mess.
"People call me a carefree person, but that's an observation of the appearance, and I'm actually a non-resistor. But non-resistors and non-resistors are different. There's a kind of exclusive resistance to it, but I'm really non-resistive, and I've come up with something interesting. In the bottom line, "I'm sick" is "I'm sick"], and you can see that the change is just like the weather. Sometimes it's sunny and sometimes it's raining. Also, although it is sunny, the clouds come out swelling, and when it is cloudy, it clears up. So, I came up with the idea of ​​taking the weather pattern on my head. There must be some interesting results. Or there may be a surprising discovery. And you have to be a non-resisting person like me. "
"Then what about now?" Asked Shuhei.
"That's right ... I wonder if it's called Haruo at night."
"Then it's the same as the actual weather."
"No. The sky won't clear up."
"It's sunny."
However, when I opened the window and looked into it, it was just pitch black outside, and I couldn't even tell it was cloudy. A cold breeze came from nowhere and suddenly my body became cold.
"Oh, it's cold."
"That's why I brought it hot, you'll be smart."
Looking back at the voice that was picked up, the pure white face of Okiyo was peeping from the entrance.
"What are you?" Said Murata. "I was surprised. If you bring it, get it out as soon as possible."
"Come on, it's a secret story, so you shouldn't go inside."
"That's right. No one except the sake kunshu can enter this mountain gate. I'll go get it."
When Murata stood up, Okiyo took four or five steps | Retired, slipped through the side of Murata who came out of the door, entered the room, and slammed the door. Closed.
"Hey, I'm not kidding. Open it, fast."
"I can't open it. I have a secret story with Mr. Inoue, so no one should go in .... Hey, Mr. Inoue!"
From the reddish white face that seemed to have drunk, the clear eyes with white eyes stared at Shuhei and laughed. Shuhei couldn't speak.
Murata came in and dropped himself on the side of Shuhei on the chaise longue, and Kiyoshi suddenly slipped in between them and grasped them with only their left and right hands. Shuhei felt that his hands were strangely dry.
"What is a secret consultation?"
The eyes that moved around with the blink looked at Shuhei's face, and then at Murata's face.
"It's a secret because I can't say it," Murata said.
"Then I won't leave here forever."
"Thank you for that. I hope you take it all night. I won't let you go out of here."
"I would like to have both of you take care of me. Is it something that will come out?"
"I thought it would come."
She leaned against the back of the chaise longue and leaned back after being disappointed, she leaned back and stared at Murata.
"what?"
"No, this is it .... I caught Kiyo-chan with the bait of secret consultation."
"Yes. I also wanted to catch a bit."
I imitated Murata's ending and showed a little courage, but then I took a breather.
"Oh, I got drunk."
"Who was so intoxicated?"
She didn't answer anything and smiled. Then he stared at the light of the lamp.
"This electricity is strangely dim."
"It's not the beginning now."
"Is that so."
Receiving quietly, she turned her head back on the chair again.
Shuhei stared at the profile. The nose that goes to the eyebrows looked unpleasantly sturdy and vulgar. The fine wrinkles from the forehead to the temples were shining creepy with the fat floating.
Shuhei took his eyes off and picked up the cup.
"I'll give you a special drink," said Qing.
"It's normal and a lot, even if it's not special."
"I don't know."
Shuhei was suddenly fascinated by the fact that his face was screwed around and his chin and mouth were clear.
"Hey, Murata," he said, "let's get drunk with Kiyo-chan together."
"Yes," Kiyoshi took it over, "I'll take care of you instead."
She received the cup and was still drinking a few cups, but suddenly she seemed to remember something and stood up in a hurry.
"Wait, I'll be coming soon."
The door was closed and went out.
"It's a terrible guy," Murata said.
Shuhei didn't know if it was her attitude or how to close the door, so she looked back silently, Murata said again.
"Go back to the beginning and let's drink slowly together."
However, the emptiness after Kiyoshi left was somehow lonely in the room. Shuhei silently picked up the cup and thought about her.
"How old are you, Okiyo?" Shuhei suddenly asked.
"Now, how old are you?" Murata replied that he didn't care.
"Sometimes it looks like twenty to me, and sometimes it looks like twenty-six."
"Then, why don't we set it to 23 in the meantime?"
However, for Shuhei, her age was a problem. If Eiko and her were the same person, she had to be close to thirty years old, because there was a child named Ryukichi. That said, I felt sorry for her to be thirty or at least 267. Despite the fact that the upper half of the face is old, the eclectic youth that appears in the lower half did not seem to be obtained by mere decoration.
The two did not talk to each other anymore, but silently repeated the number of cups.
When Kiyoshi came again, Murata asked as if he suddenly remembered.
"How old are you? Inoue was very concerned about that."
"Yes. How old do you look?"
"It's just for Inoue's eyes."
"I'm just happy."
"It's not a joke, the digits are different."
"e?"
"I don't think it's a digit ... It's a round-up, a round-up."
"That's thirty," she said with a smile. "I wonder if that's the case. It's a mystery that the grandmother should pull in."
Then I closed the door and went out.
Still, she came soon. And then I went out again soon. I wasn't calm at all. It seemed like there was something else to worry about. That annoyed Shuhei's mood. I couldn't immerse myself in the loneliness of her absence, nor could I immerse myself in the crisp brightness of her presence. With the feeling that Kage and Hinata were taking turns, the sake came up to my head. And it got cold from my feet.
Murata was tired of talking, leaning over the chaise longue and staring at the lamp on the ceiling.
"Let's go home," said Shuhei.
"Um."
Murata responded immediately, but still did not move. I said after a while.
"Somehow tonight is a strange and boring night."
It was heard by Shuhei like a dissatisfied voice invited to such a place, but I didn't want to reply at all.
It was the first maid who came with the sound of a ring bell, but it was Kiyoshi who brought the bill.
"I'm going home."
"Oh," Murata replied, "It's boring, so I'll drink it again with another."
"Please do whatever you want," said Qing, and headed for Shuhei. "Come here slowly. Alone."
Murata turned around and shouted when the last phrase whispered low in his ears was still echoing in Shuhei's ears.
"Hey, is there a guy who whispers in public?"
"Yes, please excuse me."
Shuhei admitted that she threw a meaningful look at Murata, even though she felt her face turned red, and I was worried about it strangely. And on the contrary, I was attracted to her.
33
Shuhei gradually began to visit Horai-tei frequently. I went with my friends when I didn't have money, and alone when I had money. When I first went alone, I was actually drunk, and I was leaving myself in the sickness, so I boldly went up to the third floor and threw myself on the chaise longue. I used to talk to him for a while, but suddenly I felt like myself and went home soon. Later, I was particular about my mood, but on the contrary, I came out repulsively and came to settle down on the third floor.
"I like staying here," he told the maids.
When the windows were left open, street lights were scattered across the low roofs that were sandwiched between the tall buildings. It seemed to be fighting flickering, wrapped in the sound of a train heard in the distance. On a clear night, I saw a group of brilliant stars in a part of the deep and clear cold sky "Samuzora". When the moonlight shined, the tiles on the nearby roof, wet with dew or frost, were shining one by one in the coldness of scales. While gazing at those scenery, Shuhei became indescribably sad. About Yasuko-she watched me crouching in the garden, was invited to a rakugoka solo performance at the end of the month, and was told to ask me whenever I had any inconvenience. For a long time, I had to wait for a long time with a useless tone, I was suddenly scolded when I didn't go for a while on Monday, and I had my kimono re-sewn as a maid. Various things, such as sitting silently together, being told to cut the nails of my hands, etc., spring up in my head at one time, and the illusion of trying to throw it away floats in the sky. Come out. I felt like I couldn't help but cling to something. It was rather pleasant now that the cold night air flowed in through the window and made me feel more and more painful.
The window was always closed when Kiyoshi came.
"Isn't it cold?"
"In that case, it would be nice if you could set it up with a fireplace" Stove "."
"No matter how much you put the fireplace, if you leave it open like you, it won't do anything."
When the window was closed and Kiyoshi's face was stared at, Shuhei suddenly felt cold. Even if I put two braziers on my toes and my hands, it wasn't warm at all.
"Look at it, you're trembling."
She also shrugged and crouched on the brazier. A sweet and sour scent leaked from the pure white cervical muscle. Shuhei took his eyes off and carried the cold cup to his mouth.
"Shall I bring you hot?"
"Oh," he replied mechanically.
When bringing in a new Choshi, Okiyo opened the door and at the same time, smiled a little and looked at him. It was very similar to Yasuko's eyes. Shuhei's feelings sank to the bottom of his chest. I couldn't find anything to talk about. Okiyo didn't seem to look for another topic.
"What are you thinking silently," she said.
"You are silent."
"When I come to you, I feel a little sick," he glanced into his eyes and suddenly said quickly. "I wonder if it's because I'm tired from talking too much."
"In that case, whenever I get tired, I'll come."
"That's right."
However, she didn't feel tired anywhere, and after a while she left the room again.
At the same time as the Qing dynasty came out, Shuhei stood up and started walking in the room. After a couple of turns around the table, I sat down on the chair again and bite into the brazier.
The air in the room was cold. His heart was also cold. It was unbearably lonely to find myself left alone in a narrow room with bare walls, where only the white ceiling seemed bright and the corners were dim. Getting drunk in front of Kiyoshi helped to arouse a curiosity, but after Kiyoshi left the room, he was trapped in a loneliness that he couldn't do anything about. When I put up with that loneliness, I was so depressed that I was reluctant to move.
After a while, when Kiyoshi came again, he didn't raise his face down on the brazier.
"What's wrong ... are you angry?"
Kiyoshi approached and looked into his face. He was silent.
"Come on, think about it. Even if it doesn't, this room can't be lonely."
He vaguely looked at her face. He was always busy coming and going, but he didn't like it. In every house, and in this house, the other maids usually stayed in the same place, with the exception of Kiyoshi.
"Why do you fly around those people's rooms," he said.
"If I don't go, it won't heal."
"What, don't be arrogant."
Okiyo laughed loudly and lit a cigarette. He said the smoke, spitting it out with the tip of his mouth.
"I hate staying in one place, I can't be aware of it .... but you are the only exception."
Even so, when I smoked a cigarette, I tried to go out again. Shuhei suddenly caught the sleeve.
"Where are you going?"
"I'm going to see the customers downstairs. Please wait, I'll be coming soon."
And she smiled. But he kept his sleeve.
"I'm in trouble .... I'm really busy."
"Don't lie. There are other maids. I won't let go of this hand anymore .... Stay, I'll ask you. You can think that you fell in love."
He was shaking himself like a whine, but suddenly the bottom of his eyes became hot and he lay down on the table.
"Oh, I got drunk."
I couldn't help telling him to spit it out. A feverish thing came up from the bottom of my chest.
"I feel sick, huh?"
Okiyo walked up and put his hand on his shoulder, but then forcibly raised his face. He laughed out loud, with a tearful face.
"What's wrong, Mr. Inoue!"
"Crying and laughing ..."
He jumped and dropped himself on the chaise longue, but while he was able to use the later words, he suddenly became serious. Playing with Kiyoshi, who may be Eiko, was reflected in the back of my head as a terrifying inspiration. Looking at his eyes, Okiyo was standing at the edge of Zhuozi and staring at him. In the face shaded by the bangs, the smooth nose was white and clear.
Shuhei suddenly stood up.
"I'm going home."
"Oh, why?"
When he tried to take off his hat without answering anything, Okiyo quickly picked it up.
"No, I have to say a translation."
"What is the reason?"
I stared at her eyes, but her eyes didn't flutter. Shuhei started walking with his eyes down. I said while walking.
"Give me back today. I remembered that I was a little worried. I'm in a hurry, very much. I'll come again. I'll tell you all at that time. I won't lie. Give me. Quickly. If you don't, I'll leave your hat. "
He waited for a moment, but she didn't say anything, so he walked up to the door. She opened the door and went out into the dimly lit corridor, and she came up later.
"You're drunk tonight, so go straight home, hey."
He wondered what he was saying, but at that moment she grabbed his hand and clasped it. It was an unpleasantly cold, bulky palm, but on the contrary it gave a strong sound to his heart. He felt tearful and squeezed his hand back. Then, I pulled the hat that was sent out and went down the stairs to fly.
When it was blown by the cold wind outside, my head became clearer instead of my legs swaying. I was surprised and looked after myself, who had fallen into the depths before I knew it. He wandered the streets for a long time, eventually thinking of moving away from the Qing dynasty or bumping into the Qing dynasty.
However, it was a decision that could not be carried out though there were two.
He had decided to stay away from the Qing dynasty several times. But I couldn't do that. The suspicion that Okiyo and Eiko might be the same person took root in him and took the form of a kind of hallucination. It was constantly stuck in my head. When dealing with Ryukichi and throwing a lonely heart in front of Yasuko, he suddenly remembered Kiyoshi and often stood up in a hurry. I learned from Yasuko that I was being watched by him, and while I was expecting a big blow, I was still attracted to Kiyoshi.
Even so, when he met Kiyoshi, he couldn't hit him directly. If she was the same person as Eiko, or if it was revealed after the collision, both results were horrifying. If it was Eiko ... If it wasn't Eiko ... Whichever way I think about it, I can see the painful self that is left behind. He was clearly aware that it was no longer just curiosity that attracted him. Before I knew whether Okiyo was Eiko, I was able to cheat that consciousness. But when it became clear, cheating was no longer allowed. And, of course, to love her who is Eiko, but also to love her who is not Eiko, was unbearable in the face of Yasuko's vision. He came up with the fate of Yoshikawa.
However, I couldn't go back to this time. And I drank alcohol. When I drank, everything was filled with a tragic thing.
     thirty four
Such Shuhei hardly noticed that he sometimes met Takeuchi at Horai-tei.
Once, when I was downstairs with a few friends, Takeuchi came down the stairs from above. Next, I met in front of Horai-tei. Shuhei refused to be invited and passed by without going inside. Next, Shuhei came down from the third floor, passed through the room downstairs, and as soon as he opened the door to go out, he admitted that Takeuchi came out from the back of the stairs. I thought.
One night, when Shuhei was quite drunk in the room on the third floor and was absent-minded, a staggering footstep came up the stairs and stopped in the hallway. The door opened a little and closed again. Due to the dim corridor, Shuhei could not see the outsider at that moment. Someone hurriedly climbed the stairs there.
"Come on, I'm not a stranger," said Qing's voice.
There was a low voice answering that, and the two entered the room on the other side.
Shuhei felt weird, and when he listened without hearing, he laughed loudly after a low voice continued for a while. It was just like Takeuchi's voice. When I was surprised, Okiyo went out of the room and went down the stairs with a voice saying, "I don't know, please be sloppy."
It was strangely worrisome to Shuhei. Eventually, the pure footsteps seemed to carry food and sake, and when he went up the stairs and entered the room, Shuhei stood up unknowingly, but he reconsidered and fell into the chaise longue. Even so, I listened to the voice of the other person without knowing it. But I couldn't hear anything.
He has been frustrated. In the past, there were some strangers coming to the room, but all the voices and laughter were so high that he didn't get his attention. However, the condition was completely changed only that night. He remembered Kiyoshi's words and Takeuchi's laughter. Then, suddenly, Takeuchi's strange attitude so far came to my mind.
It must be Takeuchi, so he couldn't help but feel a kind of anxiety and resentment. The reason why Takeuchi was avoiding himself was very emotional. On the other hand, if I intended to do that, I felt like going out on the contrary. And he waited for Qing to come. But she didn't come. He has been squeezing further. All the rest of the food and sake have been flattened. Then I lay down on the chaise longue. I'm getting sick.
He didn't even know that Qing came in softly. She stood in front of him as soon as she jumped up to the voice, "Oh, I'm sleeping."
"Well, sit here," he yelled.
Okiyo silently hung on the chair, but he seemed to be excited. He stiffened his body and surely tied his mouth. There were fine wrinkles on my small lips. Shuhei felt a little disappointed and asked low.
"Takeuchi will be coming over there."
Okiyo didn't answer anything and looked back at his eyes.
"Hey, Takeuchi," Shuhei asked again.
"Yes, that's right."
After answering the question, Kiyoshi suddenly turned to him.
"You also had a quarrel with Mr. Takeuchi."
"why?"
"Because I don't care."
He tried to sneer without answering anything, but suddenly, as he did earlier, he must be listening to what he was doing because Takeuchi was heading, and I was worried about it and couldn't settle down. ..
"If it's Takeuchi, why don't you call me here .... You know I'm coming."
"Yes, but one person is good."
"It's a weird guy."
Okiyo showed a sharp mouth.
"What is it?"
"It's really weird. Mr. Takeuchi always goes home when you come, so I tricked him into going upstairs today. It was funny. He suddenly made a serious look at his drunken habit. And it's confidential and confidential ... "
"Okay, then I'll push you."
Okiyo forcibly stopped Shuhei from trying to stand up.
"You don't have to worry so much."
When I was told, Shuhei was afraid. Even when I tried to do something with the sky, I suddenly realized that I was quiet and sloppy. And I got angry with myself. I felt like I couldn't do it as it was. He said in a loud voice in the middle.
"Hey, Okiyo-chan."
Astonishingly, Okiyo watched over the eyes of his double eyelids.
"Why don't you meet somewhere tonight?"
When I said that, my heart was unexpectedly calm. He looked back at what he was staring at. She took her eyes off and glanced at the other room.
"That's why," Shuhei whispered low.
Kiyoshi smiled with his eyes and mouth.
"How is it?"
"No tonight," she said in a loud voice.
"Then tomorrow."
"I hope tomorrow. From noon" Hiru "?"
"I don't like it in the daytime. Let's do it in the evening."
"Yes. Around eight o'clock."
"really."
"Truth."
When the words were cut off, I felt strange. Both of them vaguely looked at each other. A promise that couldn't be true even if it was a lie was thrown out. Shuhei gave his hand to Choshi, but the sake was gone. I refused to say that it was one, and went home as it was.
"What are you going to do?" Said Qing low.
Shuhei looked into his eyes. He had a keen eye that challenged him with hostility.
"It's true," he said. And I added it to 咄 嗟. "Let's meet at Ochanomizu Bridge around 8 o'clock."
"It's a good idea," she shouted.
"Oh."
"Then promise"
She put out only her little finger, he also put out her little finger and shook it while squeezing tightly. Then, with the feeling of trampling something, I made a loud footstep on purpose and went down the stairs. My feet "Ashimoto" were swaying.
35
It was a misty night. Shuhei went to Ochanomizubashi about five minutes before the promised eight o'clock. It was a strange promise, but he no longer regrets it. It was a good opportunity that I couldn't get even if I asked for it. It was all his idea to hit her directly this time.
However, Kiyo didn't come easily. Shuhei has been frustrated. I was wondering if I was in good shape when I made the promise, or if I wouldn't come. He went back and forth on the west side of the bridge 34 times. The fog swirls in the deep valley, and the trees that come out from both banks appear to stand out only toward the treetops, and the street lights are scattered in the distance, which gives the feeling of a mountain bath. Was there. He was fascinated by the scenery and stood leaning against the railing of the bridge. He was slow to decide, and he noticed and suppressed his heart, which fell into a kind of sweet sentiment.
He didn't know where the Qing dynasty was. However, I felt that most of the time I would come by train on the hospital line. I watched the train come and spit out a good number of people from the stop, but if I didn't find Kiyoshi, I was trapped in a faint anxiety. Then I went to the middle of the bridge again and leaned against the parapet.
When the footsteps of the person who came out of the stop stopped and the area became quiet, Okiyo suddenly appeared in the fog.
"Excuse me, be late."
Silently approached him and put his hand on the parapet, but suddenly made a loud voice.
"Oh, it's cold. It's wet."
Shuhei noticed for the first time that the iron balustrade was moist and wet with fog. I stared at her face, withdrawing my hand in amazement. She said one big blink in the dim light.
"But you came often. I thought I might be left alone, so I came a little closer to Horai-tei, so it was late."
"Because it's a promise."
"The promise is a promise, but ..."
After all, she looked at it with a smile, so Shuhei finally calmed down. However, it seemed a little strange that she was wearing a long yarn of Asagiiro Mizuasa.
Shuhei started walking silently. I went to Manseibashi from the bridge to the right along the riverbank, but the sound of the train passing by was noisy, so I turned to Yokomachi on the left. Okiyo followed me a little further away, but when the number of people was low, he came close enough to his shoulders.
"Last night, it was funny since then."
"what?"
"Mr. Takeuchi seems to have listened to us. You ask where you want to make a promise. If you let go of someone who asks you, you guys When did you become such a friend? "
Shuhei turned around without saying anything. She kept saying clear.
"Because it's so much, I've been white for a long time, and I told you that you're so vague that you haven't noticed until now. You'll listen to it persistently. If you answer that you don't remember when, after thinking for a while, you suddenly become serious, and then I have to advise Inoue-kun. You're stupid. "
"Then?" Shuhei asked, a little worried.
Okiyo kept saying after 56 steps, while holding his heart and looking through the fog.
"And that's what I'm saying. Inoue-kun should have someone else to do that with you .... But you have that kind of person?"
Shuhei was sharp. I suddenly remembered why Takeuchi recently appeared in Yokota's study from time to time. However, I couldn't figure out what it meant to be unfinished, and while I was silent, Kiyoshi continued ahead.
"I don't care about that, with or without it. But it's a rush, so I thought you were looking down on people. I was a little drunk. Well, I'm afraid. And while I was fighting for something incomprehensible, I got a little confused, and then, to Mr. Takeuchi's dismissal, in short, I also fell in love with you. I made it clear with the tip of my nose .... I don't think there is such a bad person. "
"It's not that bad," Shuhei said.
"I don't care. It's his usual habit to take things that have a strange relationship right away. The same thing happened earlier."
"Is it the time to crush a stone?"
"Oh, you know ... it was really funny at that time. But that's not my wisdom. I thought hard with my housewife, Kami."
"But it's been a long time ago."
"e?"
"Takeuchi is."
"I don't know what it is. He has only unpleasant ambitions, so I can't carelessly do it. Sometimes I'm holding my tail."
While talking about such things, Shuhei felt that his heart was gradually drawn into a certain depth. If Kiyoshi's words were true, it didn't seem like it would be enough in the future as long as Takeuchi was informed of his relationship with him in that way. I have felt something that cannot be said to be from a temporary stubbornness. And he couldn't forbid a kind of sweet heart movement and swearing. That turned into a worrying anxiety. He thought of Takeuchi and then Yasuko. However, the fascination that came from Okiyo was even stronger. Even if I tried to resist it, my legs seemed to slip. There was only one problem to blame. He felt the time had come.
When I went out to the train street, Okiyo stopped for a moment. He didn't care about it and silently crossed the street. Immediately after that, I came to the end of Shinobazu Pond.
"Activities and vaudeville are already late."
The word was heard by him to encourage something.
"I have a short story, but why don't you walk a little?" He said.
He was pressed from above when he was staring at him with his wide open eyes.
"I'm tired."
"No, I'll walk .... what kind of story?"
He didn't answer anything and slowly went along the shore of the pond, thinking in his mind what to say. She followed him side by side.
The fog was fading a little, but I couldn't see the light of the stars yet. Bentenjima and the dotted lights on the opposite bank emerged like the eyes of a fish while it was smoldering all over. Cold air came from the surface of the pond where the dead lotus was quiet. Shuhei said, dropping his eyes under his feet.
"It's a serious story, so I have to answer it seriously."
"If you really say it, I'll answer it seriously."
"And hey, this is a secret story ..."
"Yes, I won't let anyone know."
Shuhei felt a little uneasy because he was in a sloppy condition, but he was no longer hesitant. I made a sudden cut.
"Do you have an older sister?"
"Yes, two people."
"What are you doing now?"
"Both of them went to their brides and lived in a mess .... I haven't seen them for a long time, so I don't know."
"First marriage?"
"Yes, I got married early."
"Where?"
"In Nagoya. Nagoya is my hometown."
"Then, do you have a sister?"
"I'm the youngest."
"Your name is Kiyoko Takai."
She started laughing. He laughed and grabbed Shuhei's arm and shook as if he was abandoned.
"Be firm, stupid!"
"No, I'm going to touch on the real problem one after another."
I said that, but I felt that it was strangely out of tune, and he became vague. I don't understand the beginning of the story, Itoguchi. I forced it and proceeded.
"You may have lived with someone and gave birth to a child before."
After a while after his words that had been thrown away to yell at him disappeared, Okiyo answered in a calm tone.
"Yes, there is."
Shuhei turned around, but her face was just calm with pure white coldness.
"Then do you know what the kid is doing now?" Shuhei hurriedly asked.
"I know."
"Then you know me too."
"What on earth are you?"
Her eyes looking back were cold and clear. Shuhei started walking silently. My head is moyamoya.
"What's wrong?" Kiyoshi chased afterwards. "Tell me completely. You don't understand why."
"But ... where is the child now?"
"I'm under the ground. I died while I was in another house."
Shuhei stopped in a hurry. She looked into the face. And he continued his words.
"Why do you know that?"
"Are you really dead?" Said Shuhei.
"It's true, it's a good idea."
She was indifferent and abandoned it, and she looked into it further. Shuhei took his eyes off and started walking again.
After a while, Kiyoshi called out later.
"Mr. Inoue!"
Shuhei answered it with a glimpse of his eyes.
"Why do you care so much about your child? Is there any reason?"
She approached a few steps and put her hand lightly on Shuhei's shoulder. Shuhei felt the contact suffocating. I searched for cigarettes from the skirt and sipped a match. The pure white lonely face burst into light and soon became hazy. At that moment, she slipped her shoulder hand, sought two fingers in his hand, a little finger and a stamen, and gently grasped them.
"Hey, please give me a translation."
From the two fingers that were taken, a strangely annoying emotion that was soaked through to the depths of my chest. He spoke unknowingly.
"I'm doing a little bit like a tutor in a house right now, but the kid is actually an orphan. I have one grandmother, but I'm separated. It's taken over by my uncle's couple's house. My uncle isn't true, he's my father's cousin ... "
He rushed to the point where he was able to use it.
"The cousins ​​used to fall in love with a woman. For many reasons, she chose one. The one who was chosen was half desperate. Eventually, however, he lived with a woman and had one child. Soon after, she ran away from her and eventually died of illness or suicide. Later, she died. And the grandmother remained, and the grandmother was hired by another house, and the child was taken over and taken care of by the house with his father's cousin and lover. I'm sorry. "
He suddenly muttered. Added immediately.
"The child's mother is called Eiko Takai, but when you think about it in many ways, it feels like you."
After telling him to spit it out, he was in a bad mood. What I had been thinking hard until now became strangely boring when it came to it. It was ridiculous. However, it was still a serious feeling.
"Yes, it's a strange connection," Kiyoshi muttered. He stared at the face.
"If I were, why would you?"
"I don't know."
"What if not?"
"I don't know."
"That doesn't make sense."
"I don't know."
And he was silent. I tried to bathe myself as to what I was upset about, but I didn't feel strangely awkward. He was still spoken to Kiyoshi a couple of times, but he didn't reply.
After going around the pond, Okiyo suddenly stopped.
"Shall I eat something? I'm exhausted."
Shuhei mechanically nodded. I was wondering what to do.
The two went out on the train street and immediately went to the Toriya there.
36
It was a deep room of six tatami mats that was passed through. As if he was disappointed, he sat down in front of the stool with his knees broken, curling his shoulders and squeezing out on the floor between the floors. I wore a gold-clad haori on my kimono. From the light green plain collar of the platysma muscle, I stretched out the pure white cervical muscle, which was thin but plump, and smiled toward Shuhei.
"Oh, I'm finally settled down."
However, Shuhei was not calm. When lit by the bright light of the lamp, her kimono of Meisen seemed shabby compared to her clothes. Rather, I felt that sitting face to face with her now is in a world that is completely different from the previous one.
A short-necked maid with a large mole between her eyebrows carried a few dishes and yosenabe utensils.
"I'll do it, so I'm sorry."
Okiyo ousted the maid with that.
Shuhei looked at her with a dexterous hand, arranging the top of the bowl and the inside of the pot with a mysterious feeling. Compared to the thin face and hips, I was attracted to the eyes even though there was thick flesh from the neck to the shoulders to the chest. When I noticed it myself, I hurriedly took my eyes off and piled up cups in quick succession.
"Oh, if you drink so suddenly, you'll get drunk."
Still, she didn't leave his cup empty at all. And just as much, he brought his hand Choshi to his cup.
"I didn't want to come to this place with you."
"I didn't even think about it."
She turned to him with a straight face, looking at him lightly and staring at him.
"Mr. Inoue, Takai from the previous episode ... Eiko, you wondered why you weren't."
"I just felt like that."
"Lie."
Her glaring eyes showed a flash similar to Yasuko's. Shuhei was sharp. She was screaming again.
"Why do you care so much about that woman? You can ask me why I don't tell anyone."
When I raised my face, the eyes disappeared, the eyes of the double eyelids opened tightly in the thin rounded eyebrows, and the small gentle black eyes stared at him. He suddenly became disappointed. I wanted to appeal to the good of her.
"I don't mean there is a reason, but I teach the child, listen to the child's father quite a bit, and take good care of the wife who is taking over the child ..."
He surely bit his lips.
"That wife, you love you very much."
He stared at her in a daze.
"You don't have to be so surprised. I didn't mean it in a strange way."
"Then you don't have to decline that."
"But it looks like you've taken it in a weird way ..."
"Don't say stupid things. I'm very much indebted to his wife. I'm really grateful to him."
He cut his words and shut up. The more I said it, the more likely it was that my heart and words would be separated. And the result became scary. The beautiful double eyelid eyes of Okiyo were wide open in front of me.
"You didn't think about it," Kiyoshi said after a while. "Let's stop talking about that .... Is there anything interesting?"
It seems that the customers were not so crowded, and the inside of the house was quiet. Shuhei suddenly thought about Yasuko and felt tearful. When I looked up at the words of Kiyoshi, there was a gloomy shadow around my forehead and temples, probably because of sake, but it was damp from the face that seemed to be hot. His black eyes and lips were peeping out.
"It's a lonely night."
While keeping her tilted neck, she bent herself and brought her left hand, which had been loosely attached to the tatami mat, onto the tatami mat, supported her cheeks with the tip of her index finger, and she gazed at the corner of the room.
From that figure, Shuhei took his eyes off as if he was peeling away. Something that was neither affectionate nor sentimental came up from the bottom of my chest. The light of the lamp has been felt too bright. I felt uncomfortable and sat down again.
"Let's get out now."
"Yes."
Shuhei turned her face down and avoided her eyes, which she gave a light reply with just her mouth and still looked back. Then, in a hurry, he put out a pocket money in front of her.
"There are only a few, but please do it."
In the morning of that day, I should have delivered a small amount of the manuscript translated into a sword and borrowed it from Nomura for 15 yen, and a few other small items.
"Yes. Then I'll keep it."
She was about to put the money in between the belts, but suddenly she raised her face.
"You are not struggling."
"It's not a pain," he said, trying to spit out even the bitter.
"I think I know you very well .... I also had a hard life for the time being when I fled to Tokyo. I also spent a day biting the potatoes. Yes, but that was the best time, when I think about it now. "
Shuhei shined his eyes.
"What are you doing now?"
"What are you not the maid of the cafe?"
"I know that, but where do you live and what do you do?"
"I'm not doing anything wrong."
"What are you going to do in the future?"
"Well, I'm thinking now."
Shuhei tried to ask even more, but when she saw her laughing in her mouth, she couldn't speak. I said it with a feeling like a crappy child.
"Hey, don't you think it's okay to ask?"
"I know now," she laughed with her eyes. And suddenly I changed my tone. "Well then, let's go."
Shuhei was silently holding his head until she claps her hand, calls the maid, and then finishes the bill. I felt strangely unreliable and my head was very heavy. When prompted by her, she hurriedly stood up and took off her hat. And I jumped out first.
The bright train street seemed dazzling, and Shuhei turned toward the pond again.
"The night shop is over," said Qing, following him.
The lights of the night shop, which was already closing, were scattered in a strangely chilly and cold street on a bright street with a lot of traffic. When I turned it toward the pond, I felt the coldness of the bottom as if it came from under the ground. The fog seemed to rise high in the sky, and the light of the stars seemed faint, but the air on the ground was cold and dry.
Shuhei shrugged as he became lonely to think that he had nothing to say anymore.
"I got drunk."
"I also seem to be swaying."
He took a breath and turned around. She was vaguely gazing at the light reflected on the surface of the pond, but after a few steps, she suddenly stopped and looked into him. In the dim light, the shadowless dew eyes of the eyelashes show a dark, hot glow, what are you going to do now? I asked. At the moment he forgot everything. Suddenly I clung to her shoulder.
At that time she forgave him lips for the first time. …… But it was too cold and unimpressive. His eyes closed and reopened, and a kind of squishy feel that resembled a wet sponge, were all he felt. He was getting cold from the bottom of his heart. I started walking silently. She also followed silently.
She said when she was about to go out to the train street through a narrow side street.
"What time is it?"
He didn't reply.
"Shall we go home?"
"Oh," he replied mechanically.
She went out into the light of the streetlight and stared at his face. He didn't look up.
"I have something I want to buy, so please come with me."
He followed up to the corner of Hirokoji and waited for a while in front of the pastry shop. After that, I decided to walk to Ochanomizu with her saying that she was going back to Ushigome, and went down the dim street diagonally toward Juntendo.
She started talking about various things while hanging around the candy folds of her hands. There was a young man who always came alone and silently drank strong Western liquor, but that he committed suicide, and a maid became a concubine and came to play with a dressed up hawkish attitude. So, I tried to bathe in irony, but I couldn't get through at all, and the housewife always had such a Buddha's top face, but the fact that it was a considerable family was dropped to zero. Only those who have had a hard time are very considerate and kind to selfish people like myself. But she didn't say anything about herself.
Shuhei listened to those stories lazily, and felt a kind of resentment towards her who had such an attitude with a heart. It turned around and I felt like I didn't want to let her go. But I didn't know what to do now. While I was frustrated, I came to the front of Juntendo.
She stopped her foot.
"I will send you to the front of your lodging."
He stared into his eyes.
"Hey you!"
He was forced to endure trying to forget himself.
"Don't"
"Yes, then at Horai-tei ..." she said and took out his money from the obi. "I'll give you back what I left at that time. It may be empty."
When he received the money sent out, he was driven by emotions that he could not understand, and tears began to ooze into his eyes. But in the meantime she withdrew and walked towards the stop.
When she smiled on her tight cheeks from the top of the train and looked through here with a tendency to look down, he started walking with a feeling of shaking. When the train carrying her ran too far, it became annoying.
He went straight back to the boarding house. I wanted to take a rest early and lie down in "Yasurai". I didn't want to think about anything anymore.
Under the lonely sky with the faint light of the stars, the cliff road along the cut continued low, and the bright Hirotsuji could be seen over there, which made me feel lonely. As I was walking with my neck hanging down, a squirrel dog came out from somewhere, and I sniffed around the hem and attached it. He overcame it and suddenly went to Yokomachi. I looked back after a while. I couldn't see any shadows of living things on the dimly lit nightfall street, where the sparse eaves lights seemed cold and shrunken. He felt an eerie scream and hurried.
When I returned to the boarding house and entered my room, the appearance of the shabby room was reflected in my heart. He's cold. Remember, I trembled with my hands on my chest. At that time, I felt the money I was pushing into my pocket through my kimono, and with the intention of pulling it out on my desk, I pulled it out of my pocket and casually opened it. …… There were two bills, 10 yen and 5 yen. It was the one I had borrowed from Asano Village.
He thought in a daze. He didn't know what he meant to do that. However, it must have been a rabbit's heart. She withdrew only a few yen from his deposit and everyone else used her own money. It was completely unexpected for a woman of that status. And ... she jokingly said, "Maybe it's empty," he didn't mind at the time, but now it's clearly remembered.
When I was thinking about it, various things came to my mind. I felt like I couldn't get away from her anymore.
The question of whether Okiyo and Eiko Takai were the same person seemed to be rootless and ridiculous now that it has disappeared. But he was able to see clearly how important the question had been. It disappeared without too much trouble, but after that, everything changed completely. What I was afraid of finally came. He had to stand directly in front of the Qing dynasty. It seemed that Kiyoshi would put himself in his hands as long as he stepped out of him.
He suddenly felt a suspicious temptation that could not be resisted. Under the temptation, the image of Yasuko was peeping out. What I thought was Yasuko ... even more sentimentally attracted his heart to the Qing dynasty. From below, the image of Yasuko emerged again.
He felt unbearable and slipped into a cold thin futon all the way to his head. I couldn't sleep because I was suffocating. When I came out from the collar of my nightwear, the light of the lamp was dazzling. I got up and darkened the room. In the dim light of the corridor, the paper of shoji appeared white. He then looked away and stared into the darkness. I felt scared both in the light and closing my eyes. I just wanted to open my eyes in the darkness until I fell asleep naturally.
37
It soon became known among friends that Shuhei was walking with Kiyoshi late at night. The first person to tell Shuhei's ears was a short man named Hashimoto, who showed a kind attitude by taking the lead in everything.
While holding a notebook package and passing through the street in front of the university where the light of the weak sun was shining for a long time, I came across Hashimoto coming from the other side.
"Hey, it's rare, did you go to school today?" Hashimoto said, stopping.
"I went out to get out, but I'm going home because it's not interesting," Shuhei replied.
And he started walking with the intention of breaking up with Hashimoto. When I walked forty-five, I heard Hashimoto's voice later.
"That's why Horai-tei is more interesting than school."
Shuhei was surprised and looked back. Hashimoto followed with a smile.
"Everyone was impressed with your skill. Nobody wanted to get that warm man's cleanliness .... But you have to be careful. You can be alone ... …. ”
"What is it?"
"No ... well, do it well. In the unlikely event, I'll help you. Well, it's a privilege of young people."
Shuhei looked at his face, but as with the words, he couldn't grasp any meaning. But I didn't want to ask deeply.
"I'm in a hurry today, so I'll see you again soon."
He left with Hashimoto, who was blinking like a mess.
He thought that he would give up a boring noisy, but after that, Hashimoto's words became strangely worrisome. It wasn't just about Kiyoshi, it was like something was still at the bottom. However, no matter how much I thought about it, I couldn't think of anything. I just came up with Yasuko, but it shouldn't have been known to anyone.
He wanted to find out what kind of rumors everyone was saying to the bottom. However, even though I often drank and had something to do with him, Murata was the only close friend who could forgive me. However, it was also a business affair to ask Murata.
He finally threw it out, saying that he would know what it was. Then, on the contrary, I felt repulsive and sometimes went to Horai-tei. However, I didn't go up to the third floor anymore. There was something strange about Kiyoshi and my own heart.
When I was thinking about a small table in the corner of the room, Kiyoshi came from time to time. Her appearance hasn't changed at all. He just showed a kind of familiarity and told me to whisper in a low voice.
"Since then, Mr. Takeuchi has stopped coming at all. It seems that the medicine is a little too good."
When Shuhei silently looked at his face, she also looked back with a smile on her eyes.
"What are you thinking about these days? Is it something you care about?"
"There's nothing. Just don't be weird .... So I decided not to go up to that gloomy third floor anymore."
"Yes. I prefer this place .... Let's go somewhere again soon."
"Oh."
"I'm aiming for a good time."
And she stared at his face. He didn't take his face off. It was a strange feeling. A kind of familiarity that resembled the tranquility after the storm wrapped him around him. He forcibly suppressed the strong desire from underneath, raising his head. Then I felt vacant and stared at her beautiful eyes.
And that kind of familiarity with Okiyo conveyed a more subtle stimulus to his heart when he was in a large number of people than when he was facing two people.
Since the rumors of Shuhei and Okiyo came up, many of Shuhei's friends have come to Horai-tei. Shuhei was often taken over with him, even when he was reluctant or in need of money.
There were even those who openly instigated, saying, "We will raise military funds, so please do it well."
Some have advised, "But it might be better for you to be sloppy." It was usually Hashimoto.
When I heard about them, Shuhei shook his head. Shuhei often saw that they were agitated by a kind of curiosity, if not maliciously. And I was well aware that there was still something else at the bottom. But it wasn't time to make excuses or piercing. It seemed most urgent to trample everything blindly. I didn't know where I was going, but just by doing so, I felt like I could get somewhere soonest.
In the downstairs hall where the smoke of cigarettes was rushing, Shuhei kept silent and emptied only the recommended cup from one end while holding his toes toward the fireplace. Kiyoshi often interrupted there.
"What are you going to do with Inoue-san getting drunk? I feel sorry for everyone."
"Yeah ... that's right, so you'll help me a little."
"Yes, I'll underwrite as much as I want."
And she dried a cup in front of Shuhei, but then went to Puito again.
"Hey, Inoue, is there a guy who is silent? Thank you somehow."
Shuhei raised his eyes and looked over everyone. Their faces looked ridiculous. He told me to spit.
"I didn't know."
"What a clear place I want to show to Kiyo-chan."
However, Okiyo stood in the other corner and glanced at Shuhei. Shuhei also boldly returned his wink. She brought me water. I imitated a fireplace and showed my shoulders a little. He smiled with his eyes in his eyes. She took a cigarette, blew it a bit, and then said it was spicy, but she seemed to leave it behind. He took it and smoked it himself. When she left, she pulled his sleeve a bit. It was a phase diagram to stop drinking. Still, when everyone still recommended him, he glanced sideways and looked at Kiyoshi's face over there. Okiyo had a glaring look. He glared back, sharpening his mouth. And I got a cup.
That kind of thing-what seemed strangely awkward when two people were facing each other, in front of a large number of people, was agile without any particular attention. And he was pretty drunk when he left. My legs were swaying.
"It's dangerous. Be careful."
The words of Kiyoshi whispered quickly remained in his ears for a long time. He tended to be a step or two behind everyone, exposing his head to the cold night air and feeling indescribably tragic. I didn't know about Kiyoshi, but I tended to change to Yasuko. In the end, the two came together and swirled in front of his eyes.
38
It was a cursed feeling similar to a nightmare. Shuhei got lost in the other side of his heart. And in that stupor, he was half-voluntary and tried to step into the bowl. However, the light of the day stopped him. From November to the beginning of December, warm and sunny days continued. The high, clear sky and the yellow sun shining on the treetops and roof awakened his heart coldly. He went to Yokota's house every Monday and sometimes on other days, with a tearfully tense heart and a calm heart waiting for a helping hand.
Yasuko was reading a magazine and sewing for the New Year near the sunny porch. Shuhei just greeted him and silently bite onto the brazier. I felt as if I had thrown my body and soul in front of her while stirring in the ashes with the tip of a fire chopstick.
"Mr. Inoue," Yasuko said in a quiet voice, "It's not as cold as you. Is it so cold that you're always biting into the brazier?"
"Yes. I don't like the cold."
"Yes. Then I'll give you a kotatsu now."
Shuhei raised his face and looked at her, keeping his eyes on the hands of the needle. The profile, which was lightly printed with only lotion and white powder, looked divinely lonely. In front of her, I could imagine myself crying secretly in the kotatsu.
"What are you going to do during the winter holidays?"
Shuhei listened to the words. In silence, she looked up at him for the first time.
"I also travel during the winter vacation."
"No," Shuhei replied. "I can't move Tokyo because I don't have money."
"It's probably because I lost it, not because I didn't have it.
Shuhei was sharp. I tried to answer, but when she stared at me, I felt like I could see through to the bottom of my heart, and I turned my face down. It must have been known that it was Okiyo. But I didn't mind being known. At times of frustration, I decided to confess everything and expose it in front of her. It was thought to be the only way to save myself. And he waited for her words.
But she didn't come to the one he expected. After shutting up for a while, he seemed frustrated. He was busy carrying the needle as if he was cheating himself, and said in a restless and angry voice.
"If you don't travel, please help me a little from the year-end gift to the New Year. Even though there are various uses, Yokota is a street laziness, so I'm in trouble alone."
"Yes, I will do anything," he replied.
"Is it okay to accept the random work" Muzousa "? I wonder if I was able to do a sudden job again ..."
"No, it's okay. Anytime, any errand will fly if I can make it."
"Isn't it?"
Reminding her, she set her eyes on the space and thought about it, but then she looked at him again with a quiet look. He was strangely anxious. He vaguely felt that there was something she was consciously avoiding at the bottom. It was painful to keep silent and face each other forever.
Then, I stood in search of Ryukichi.
As Shuhei went, Ryukichi fell on his left cheek and laughed, moving his eyes around and looking up at him. Shuhei sat there silently, but in a small room blocked by outside light, he wanted to walk outside freely rather than spending a boring time-unknowingly he had a habit of pulling Ryukichi out. Was attached.
"Why don't you go outside?"
"Yeah, let's go."
While Shuhei was about to lift his hips, Ryukichi jumped up and immediately took off his black yarn hat. When he went out, Shuhei liked the prideful yarn hat, which was a little childish and childish, rather than the school hat, even when he was wearing a kimono. It suits Ryukichi very well.
"Aunt, I'm going with Mr. Inoue."
"Yes."
In response, Yasuko looked up at him, and Shuhei hurriedly told him to push him over.
"It's on-the-job education."
Shuhei didn't look at Yasuko's eyes, only the smile on his mouth caught his eye, and he stood up and went outside.
And in fact, he took Ryukichi to museums, zoos, botanical gardens, and the precincts of lonely shrines. I once went to an art exhibition, but Shuhei felt an eerie anxiety when he saw Ryukichi looking for portraits with a strangely relentless look. Then I didn't go to the exhibition anymore. I liked a more laid back place. When I entered the museum, I wandered around the garden inside the gate for a long time. At the zoo, I often waited for the hippopotamus, which was submerged in the water, to appear quietly on the surface of the water, and for a long time, I sat on a bench and waited for the lion taking a nap to move. But especially, the botanical garden was the quietest.
Slowly climbing the hill with a slight warmth on the shoulders of the weak legs leaning to the west, the quiet flat ground was shining all over on the left. Under the branches of old cherry trees lined up with sparsely scattered yellow leaves, a frost-dead meadow was seen through far away. In response to that, the sky was clear and clear.
Ryukichi was walking whistling, but suddenly loosened his leg.
"I wish there was such a garden in my house."
"Then I'll ask my uncle to take care of me."
"No."
"why?"
"Why is it no good?"
When I walked under the tree, the shadows of the purplish leaves were faintly falling.
"Takashi-chan, what if there was such a large garden in my house?"
Ryukichi looked at a glance.
"I will plant a lot of pomegranate trees."
He continued to say, regardless of Shuhei's silence.
"There was a big pomegranate tree in my original house. My dad took good care of it. The garden is small, but I always said that it's okay because there is a pomegranate tree."
"Because Takashi was still a baby when his dad died. Why do you remember that?"
When he looked back from Shuhei, Ryukichi pointed his mouth and opened his eyes in a circle, and he made a confused expression. Then I shut up.
However, after a while, I whistled again and started walking quickly.
I couldn't see just a few people on the walk. As I walked around the side of the Joban tree, there was a painter who set up a tripod "Sankyaku" in the sun and projected the outside light dripping on the shrubs and turf on the other side. It was too quiet and lonely, with the scenery around me, that no one was standing and watching.
A small white butterfly flew from the dead flowerbed. When I followed slowly without chasing after that, the butterflies soared high on the warm grassland with the bushes of shrubs in the back. Choosing a large plexus in the line, Shuhei sat down. A weak insect voice was heard from the shadow of the chilly Hinoha.
While Shuhei was indulging in his fantasy, Ryukichi picked up an acorn and came to him.
"Let's hit the middle with this."
I set a target 《Mato》 nearby and threw it, but it wasn't quite inside. Still, Ryukichi hit it a couple of times.
Shuhei suddenly pulled Ryukichi, who had a boring face with no bullets, and sat down on his lap. It was a thin and light body. Ryukichi was squirming strangely, but suddenly jumped and caught on Shuhei's back. Shuhei took it negative and started walking quietly.
"I've never been negative to my dad or mom."
And Ryukichi put a lot of effort into his shoulders. When Shuhei was silent, he said in a low voice for a while.
"Is it true that you can't talk about your dad or mom in front of people?"
"Who said that?"
"My grandmother said."
"Yes, but I can say how much."
However, Ryukichi didn't say anything anymore. He clung strongly to his back with his hands and feet. He didn't take it down for a long time. I went down the winding path of a steep slope, and when I was suffocating, I loosened my back hand. Ryukichi jumped down, leaning his heavy head a little with his long neck, and casually peeped into the pond.
"Where did the carp go?"
The surface of the pond 《Omote》 was dying with a long shadow. The light of the sun setting in the west was visible to my eyes.
"Let's go home, it will be late."
Ryukichi didn't give a reply and didn't nod, but he hurried with Shuhei. The two passed by in front of the poultry cage.
It was a dim light shortly after the fire of electricity and gas. Ryukichi shrugged and snuggled up as he was caught up in the turmoil of the busy streets. Shuhei also walked toward him.
In his mind, both Kiyoshi and Yasuko were far away. From Ryukichi's body touching his hand, Yoshikawa directly echoed in his chest. Yoshikawa's memoir was clearly remembered word for word. He felt like hugging Ryukichi, but still being driven by something, he took Ryukichi's hand and walked steadily. Is it something that steps on the rut of Yoshikawa from the bottom of my heart? Shouted. Tears ooze out in my eyes.
When Ryukichi was delivered, Shuhei tried to return as it was. I stared at it with Yasuko's shadowy and clear eyes. When I hesitated, I came across Yokota's attitude that I didn't know where to grab.
"When you come home, you can't get rid of the excuse for evening drinks. Don't just deal with women and children, I'll go out with me once in a while."
Before that, Shuhei naturally hung his head. Then, it was a supper treat, and he was told an unreserved joke, and he gave him a few shogi and then resigned.
While returning from a cold night when it seemed to be frosty, he was enveloped in a vague impression that the subject was unknown. I loved myself as nothing.
     thirty nine
It was a sunny and cold evening immediately after a little sleet fell in the evening. Shuhei was chatting with 34 friends such as Murata and Hashimoto in the room downstairs of Horai-tei. Whether I drank hot sake or leaned to the side of the fireplace, I immediately felt the thrilling cold from my feet. Strangely, the story didn't bounce.
At that time, there was a man who jumped in from the front. I closed the door to the back and came here sometime. That was Takeuchi.
Shuhei was sharp. Takeuchi was also a little upset. But he soon sneaked into everyone with his open, shining eyes, laughing under his gold-rimmed glasses.
"It's a ridiculously cold night. When I was walking outside, I couldn't stand it and jumped in."
"Are you alone?" Said Murata.
"What?" Takeuchi made a suspicious look.
"It's rare to be alone."
"Well, I'm always alone. I can't go like Inoue."
The assignment hindered Shuhei. It was a well-established reputation among them that Takeuchi was always attached to one of the literary men or with one of his friends and never alone. Takeuchi himself should have known it. And what Murata said must have been that meaning. He strangely ironically twisted it and implicitly ridiculed Shuhei. Shuhei stared at his face. He was clamoring for the cup of his neighbor with an unfamiliar face.
"Rabbits are limited to warming from the inside."
And he drank 34 cups in a row, and then ordered as many hot whiskeys as everyone else.
Takeuchi's joke mouth 《Jodanguchi》, the conversation suddenly bounced. He had a lot of stories that everyone who was just a student didn't know because he was digging into various directions. Besides, he was talkative about the night. I robbed the conversation alone. When Kiyoshi came with a whitish, clear face, he said without hesitation, taking his hand and pulling him.
"Well, sit here," and glanced at Shuhei. "Inoue is silent, so you'll take the place."
"It's just fine to have someone silent. You're not talking about everyone by yourself from the beginning."
She went around the table and bent over to Shuhei's side while watching the fire of the fireplace, and then went away.
However, Shuhei didn't even look at her. The feeling of discomfort gradually accumulated in my chest. I couldn't do anything about my feelings. The more I put up with it, the worse the results were likely to be.
He stood up and took the plunge to grow.
"It's getting really warm," he said. "I have a little work tonight, so I'm disappointed with this."
"Are you going?" Takeuchi looked up at his face with a derogatory point. "It's been a while since I've been with you .... Hey, come to Yokota-san on Wednesday. Of course, you'll be going to that house all the time."
Shuhei himself felt that his eyes, which silently looked back at it, had a color that was almost hostile. Then he bowed lightly and walked away.
When I pushed the door and went outside, I felt a chill. Murata chased there later.
"I'm going home, so let's go there together."
Shuhei suddenly became tearful and tried to clasp his hand, but he recalled and stopped it. I was angry with myself.
The dry and cold air made a wind that could not be called a wind and blew in from between the hem of the collar. Even though the streetlights were bright, every corner of the object was strangely dim.
"It's an unpleasant guy," Murata muttered.
I knew it was Takeuchi, but Shuhei didn't say anything. When I turned to the boarding house, Murata followed me without breaking up. After a while, he said suddenly.
"Why don't you go somewhere?"
With my eyes on the ground, it was like German. The situation was different from usual. Shuhei glanced sideways and responded immediately.
"You can stop by."
The two walked silently. However, as I said, I someday went out in front of another cheap cafe.
"Well, it's been a while."
Shuhei just smiled when the maid who was familiar with her face said so. After arriving at Okiyo, I was far from other places before I knew it. That has stuck to my feelings.
I chose a small table in the corner. The customers were not crowded. Seeing the two of them, the maid didn't even come near.
While drinking hot coffee, Shuhei suddenly became anxious. It was Murata's appearance that he couldn't tell him that there was something to talk about. That seemed to be quite serious. I felt like I was forced to prepare in advance. He was very angry and laid down a coffee plate. What's the sound of Murata's eyes turning from the corner of the room toward him? I asked with my eyes.
Murata took a sip of coffee and lit a cigarette as if he had returned to me for the first time. However, the words were straightforward.
"Do you know there are weird rumors?"
"Whose?"
"Your own."
Shuhei cynically distorted his lips. I thought it was about Kiyoshi. It was funny that even Murata was concerned about such a thing.
"I know," he said.
"That's why I don't think so."
"I don't really think about it."
"Then, is that rumor true?"
"Now, it's like a true lie ... but it doesn't go down too much."
Murata was strangely frustrated while Shuhei settled down. Not out of his usual curiosity, he shined his eyes with a serious light and shook his face with a cold and tense face.
"Is it true?"
"Maybe it's true."
Murata took a deep breath, but suddenly became fierce.
"Do you think you're done ... I've been defending you so far, but you're so shy that I'm going to take the plunge and tell you tonight. I'm pretty bullshit, but I don't do immoral things like you. You should know that it's a little gratitude. My love ... I don't say love, it's a desire ... to satisfy that desire And do you think it's okay to smear the lives of those who are indebted? "
Shuhei was taken aback for a while. Was suddenly surprised. Yasuko flashed in my head. I pressed it down and said quietly.
"I don't know what it is. Tell me specifically."
"I'll tell you if it's white."
Shuhei looked down and waited for the next word.
"When I heard the rumor, I couldn't believe my ears at first. It was a terrible and shameful act," Murata whispered, but he became even sharper. "I know well that you have a kind of close relationship with Okiyo, and I'm going to understand the relationship with Yokota's wife to a certain extent. I never dreamed that both would be in or near a physical relationship. "
Shuhei tried to scream at risk. Forced it down. Murata kept saying.
"I believed in you. I believed that Okiyo was just a temporary game, and that my wife was just a friendship. That was ... as rumored. If you affirm yourself, I won't say anything anymore. It's still good if it's just about Kiyoshi. But with your wife ... there are still some points that you can forgive if it's pure love, but on the other hand. With a wife who has received a great deal of gratitude even though there is a person named Kiyoshi ... I feel scared even if I think about it. Isn't it? "
However, Shuhei was no longer listening to Murata's words. I was overwhelmed by the unexpected rumors of Yasuko, and the more I suppressed it, the more cursed resentment arose. The consciousness of being in love with Yasuko further fueled it. Murata's sharp words, which sometimes echoed in his ears, nailed his feelings.
He glared at Murata's face with a hostile eye. Rather than excuse, I was poking.
"Stop the lowly imagination. That's what the rotten soul does."
"What's a lowly imagination!" Exclaimed Murata. He was also unprecedentedly excited, "Think about yourself."
The words came to Shuhei's chest. He stood up.
"Think of yourself. Isn't it embarrassing for you to have a lowly imagination on top of unsuccessful rumors?"
Murata shook his lips a little while looking up with his hot eyes, but Shuhei shook it from above.
"You should walk around me without permission. If you like, you can tell Yokota-san ..."
He slammed his words. A terrifying inspiration passed through my head. Murata's enthusiastic and sharp eyes made me uneasy.
"worthless!"
He left with a feeling of being abandoned.
"You affirm yourself and do it ..."
He listened to the words of resentment and rebuke behind him, and went out without looking back.
However, he stopped at the door. It was kind of weird. However, there was no sign that Murata was chasing after him. I was dying. I felt like I was being seen by countless eyes that no one knew. He jumped out to escape.
Cold air was approaching from all sides. He shrugged and started walking without a hitch. The turmoil in my head calmed down. Various things have come to light. When I bumped into a telephone pole and exchanged myself, I noticed tears in my eyes. As soon as I noticed it, it ran down my cheeks. But he didn't even try to wipe it and continued walking. It was scary to stop.
     Forty
Shuhei felt like seeing himself trapped in an inescapable trap. If the rumor was just about Qing, I could laugh. However, I couldn't stand Yasuko. I couldn't bear the fact that Yasuko and Okiyo were together. If it was a completely unrooted rumor, I could still stay calm. However, even though it was unrooted in fact, there was something in his heart that could not be denied.
He once again looked into his heart. ――The Kiyoshi approached with a kind of curiosity at first, but as the suspicions disappeared, only love remained there. Depending on how I stepped on, it seemed like I could do anything. --Yasuko was the only comfort that she had unknowingly clung to in her lonely and painful life. It was a subject of great sympathy that wrapped me in tearful and soothing emotions. The flame of strong love sometimes flashed, but it was pure everywhere. ――But the two were combined into one, and a deep swirl was created. I didn't know what to do. He continued to struggle in the dark.
It …….
He felt an indescribable irritation. Feelings that are neither revenge nor rebellion arose from the bottom of my heart. It wasn't done as it was. I wanted to hit something and hit it, kick it, and trample it.
He kept walking for a long time without knowing where he was going. The coldness was looming, and his feelings were still dyed in a sad color.
When I suddenly noticed, he was surprised and stopped. There was a familiar building right in front of me. The third floor, which looks like a tower, towered high in the night sky from the nearby eaves. A brown window hanging was drawn on the window on the second floor, and the lights were extinguished. However, a bright light leaked faintly through the tightly closed gap at the entrance door with a white cloth hanging inside.
At first glance, he passed by quickly. My chest was trembling suspiciously. I didn't even know why I came to Horai-tei.
Soon after, it became clear that I was planning on my chest without knowing it. He intended to hit Takeuchi.
The rumor must have come from Takeuchi. Considering Kiyoshi and other things, the estimation was almost certain. And it felt like there was no other way than hitting Takeuchi. As long as the rumors reached the ears of his best friend Murata, it might have been transmitted not only to Okiyo but also to Yokota and Yasuko. Even if it wasn't transmitted now, it must be transmitted soon. And that was fatal to him. It was to humiliate everything. It was to eliminate the inner struggle so far. However, if the rumor was that Takeuchi had forged and disseminated it as a mere anger with Okiyo, it was not enough to hit him.
He turned back and sneaked up in front of Horai-tei. When I listened through the closed door, I couldn't hear any noise or voice, as if it was inside. However, when I saw the place where the fire was leaking, there might still be Takeuchi.
He was lost in thought and went back and forth in front of him a couple of times. The streets were quiet and deep nights were standing.
There was no point in waiting forever. At last he stood still in front of the door. After listening for a while, I pressed it lightly with my fingertips. I felt a strong resistance and it seemed that it was already tightened. Still, he still looked inside. It seemed that I could hear some noise and laughter in the back. He listened even more.
At that time, a person's footsteps suddenly came from the narrow road between the neighboring house. It was so sudden and unexpected that he focused only on the interior of the house. By the time I noticed, the sound of quick clogs was already coming out of the road. He suddenly withdrew from the door. And while pretending to be a casual wind. I was forced to walk slowly. However, right in front of me was Yotsuji, where a bright light was shining. There was no shadow to hide. In a hurry, he stood in the dark under the eaves on the opposite side of Horai-tei, searching for cigarettes from his skirt and playing a match. I couldn't turn it down. When I looked back a little at the time signature of igniting a cigarette and throwing a match stick, a woman stood there. The chest of the light-colored shoulder was fitted with both sleeves of the coat, and a pure white face was exposed. It was clean.
Shuhei was stunned and couldn't move while standing still. A few seconds ... and she went one step further.
"I'm not Mr. Inoue."
It was a calm and low voice.
"It's so late ..."
What happened when you asked me to ask? She walked up, asking him with his eyes. He stared at the face. Then she blinked a big blink and grabbed his skirt lightly and started walking, pointing toward Horai-tei with a superorder. He didn't understand, and silently followed him. My head was hazy and I felt like I was dreaming.
Okiyo turned toward the dim Yokomachi. After a while, I suddenly turned my eyes to him.
"What happened this time? Go home early tonight ..."
"I was able to use it suddenly," said Shuhei.
"To whom?"
Shuhei looked at his eyes in the dark and didn't answer anything.
"I think I was waiting for someone."
Shuhei was silent.
"Who is that? Please tell me."
The tone of the voice was spoiled. Shuhei suddenly became frustrated. My blurred head started to work hard again because I met her. He tried to spit it out.
"I came to look for Takeuchi."
"Well, Mr. Takeuchi!"
"When did Takeuchi go home?"
"It's been a long time ago."
"You're lucky."
"What happened to Mr. Takeuchi?"
"I'll hit Takeuchi."
"e!"
Okiyo stopped and looked at his face with a surprised look. He didn't care about it and walked steadily.
After a while, she hurriedly snuggled up.
"Are you really going to hit me?"
"Truth."
I answered, but Shuhei suddenly became anxious and looked after her. A small tied mouth and a wide open, anxious eye gave him a sense of trust. He said in a sloppy tone.
"I've lost everything."
"why?"
She gently grabbed his sleeve from under the coat.
The two of them walked silently for a while.
"Hey, what do you mean?" Asked Qing again.
It fits perfectly with Shuhei's breathing. He instantly smashed everything.
"It's an unbearable rumor. I'm having a relationship with Mr. Yokota's wife and you at the same time, and I'm slandering. I know for the first time tonight that the rumor is spreading among everyone. It must be Takeuchi's slander. "
"Well, with your wife and me?"
"Yes. It's a rumor that has insulted people too much."
Okiyo had been thinking about something for a while, but eventually muttered low.
"It's a strange story."
"what?"
"I've heard that the relationship between your wife and you is suspicious ..."
"Maybe from Takeuchi."
"Yes .... But are you really nothing with that wife?"
"Nothing. I'm kind to my wife, I'm just grateful to me. When I hear the rumor, I can't meet my wife anymore. Besides, with you and your wife At the same time ... it's unbearable to think about it. "
"But," Kiyoshi said in a calm voice, "Even if the rumor is a lie, there are cases in the world."
"What kind of case?"
"It's like thinking of one woman and having a relationship with another ..."
Shuhei was afraid, but it was annoying for me. I said it once and for all.
"I'm not talking about that, I'm talking about myself."
"Then, rumors should be kept as rumors."
"It depends on rumors."
"I don't care what you say if it's just rumors. It doesn't mean that the rumors disappear."
Shuhei looked at her face. She looked at her eyes as if she was thinking about something, with a shadow that resembled a smirk in her mouth. He was uneasy for some reason. I started walking. She followed him alongside him. I was silent forever.
While walking around the back alley for the time being, I suddenly went out to the train street. There was no figure or sound of the train. Only the lights of the streetlights lined up lonely on the straight street, which was quiet and quiet. Shuhei suddenly stopped. Various thoughts disappeared somewhere and I felt blind. I didn't know why I was walking around the streets at night with Kiyoshi.
"What time is it?" Kiyoshi muttered.
The two stood vaguely face to face. A mysterious feeling was left behind. Okiyo suddenly looked into his eyes.
"Are you planning to go back to your boarding house?"
Shuhei was still vague.
"There are no specifications, it's so late. Can you send me to my house?"
Shuhei mechanically nodded. I didn't know what to do if I had no intention of doing it. I didn't even think about it.
The two went out to Suidobashi. The water in the cut was stagnant in black, and the cold Hokage was scattered. The riverbank Kashi-dori was spacious and dimly lit, as if it had been cleansed by a storm. A cold wind that didn't know the direction came. Shuhei shook himself. For the first time, my shabby appearance without a cloak or scarf was miserably looked after.
"Oh, it's cold."
Okiyo muttered like German and leaned against him, but he put his hand on his back and threw his shoulder half softly. He put his hand out of his bosom and shrugged his shoulders, holding the edge in his chest. I didn't want to go against anything anymore, and I didn't want to think about anything.
After walking along the stone wall of the artillery arsenal for a while, Okiyo suddenly said from inside the shoulder strap.
"Mr. Inoue, is it really true that you are nothing with your wife?"
Although it was a low voice, it was in a serious condition. But Shuhei wasn't happy with it. After a short pause, I answered without hesitation.
"Nothing."
"But in my heart, I think I'm thinking of that wife."
"I don't think about it."
After about 20 steps, she said again.
"Nothing at all!"
"Oh," Shuhei replied.
"It's not a lie."
"It's True."
Okiyo shook his shoulder a little. Shuhei felt weird. Her relentless obsession gave him something cold in his heart. He turned around and tried to look at her face, but felt her breath right next to her and couldn't move her head. I gently put out my left hand and held her arm. But my heart didn't heat up at all. Her attitude was also cold.
A few pale star shadows were visible in the west sky where the clouds were broken. Shuhei walked with his eyes on it. I became unbearably lonely. I didn't know where to base my heart. Both Yasuko and Kiyoshi were like dreams. I felt like I was walking with a stranger. The contact between the combined arms, the thick flesh that can be felt through the kimono, the hair that touches the cheeks, the mutual breathing that intersects in the shoulder, and the faint scent of makeup make you feel stuffy. I was aroused, but there was a strange coldness that I didn't feel. He felt indescribable and buried his cheeks in his shoulders. The feel of the soft yarn, including a light stimulus, responded to my chest. I grabbed the ball of yarn on the end of the shoulder strap in my palm.
At Iidabashi, I saw the lonely cantera light of the Chinese udon noodle shop. The two passed in front of them without any hesitation. I didn't say anything. We couldn't separate from each other. The rails of the train, which got wet at night, glowed pale in the dim light.
Passed in front of Tsukudohachiman and turned right.
"Because it's dark, it's dangerous."
The words echoed out of tune in Shuhei's ears. He tended to close his eyes halfway and let her lead.
After turning around a dark narrow slope, Kiyoshi stopped before long. There was a sooted door in front of a house that seemed to sell picture paper and sweets. There was a narrow road between the house and the sturdy table next door, which was small enough for people to enter. Okiyo snatched the shoulder strap from Shuhei's shoulder and said with a wink.
"It's a dirty house."
In the back of the road, there was a door open "Hiraki" on the side that seems to be the back door of a candy store, and a shrimp lock "Ebijo" was hanging from the outside. Okiyo took out the key from the obi and opened it. I was doing it only when I went inside, but it seemed that I had twisted the electric button, and a dim light was shining from above. The space between the narrow steep ladder steps and the boards was illuminated.
"What are you doing? Come on," she said.
Still, Shuhei was still standing outside.
"At this time, there are no specifications anymore."
Shuhei was still standing still.
"People who want to be impatient. If you want to come in!"
Shuhei went inside for the first time, being prompted by such a strong tone for the third time. Okiyo placed the two clogs between the boards beside the shoji that seemed to lead to the back, closed the door, and then went upstairs. Shuhei followed the creaking ladder steps.
When I went up the ladder and opened the stubborn shoji there, I came out to the poor six-storied room.
"It's cold .... Please wait a moment. I'll put a kotatsu now."
Okiyo took off his shoulder and coat in the corner of the room. Shuhei sat down vaguely.
41
It was a room with a strange feeling. A dark ceiling, a dingy yellowish wall, a sliding door with a stain on the sliding door, a white sliding door that seems to have been refurbished in contrast, and a shallow floor between the shoji screens. The one sliding door on the side of the door and the two sliding doors on the opposite side were cut in places. The appearance in the room was also unusual for Shuhei's eyes. In the cheap blue Seto brazier, a large tinplate kettle was placed directly on the tatami mat. A flashy Meisen futon was fluffy on the kotatsu next to it. A large muslin cushion emerged in a crisp, gorgeous color, and a large luxurious mirror stand lined with rugged cosmetic bottles was set up between the alcove in front of it. But next to it, there was a broken old desk and 45 old magazines that seemed to be dusty. Under the window, there was a blackish poor teacup, showing many old cups, but on top of that, in a rosewood tray, a thin, elegant teacup and a tin cup. "Taku" was peeking from under the cloth of the golden "Ukoniro". In the opposite corner of the room, lacquered girders were messed up with lightly soiled kimono and washcloths. In all respects, the two, brilliant and poor, were thrown together. They were illuminated by the light of a dim lamp descending from the ceiling.
Okiyo put charcoal from a flat bamboo basket into a brazier and blew it with a thin breath. Shuhei felt weird and stared at him. She read the look and said with a smile.
"The grandmother downstairs will take care of the charcoal group" Tadon "before going to bed, so it's always useful to have a fire," he added, looking into the brazier again. "But it's a little tricky to burn a fire because it's ridiculous and only one coal corps is needed."
Even so, when the fire broke out and put it in the kotatsu, Okiyo went out to the porch and started looking for something. At the edge of the porch, seven wheels, sake bottles, hot pots, etc. were scattered in front of the lonely latticed mouse. She brought a small cup, a bottle of sake and a nori seaweed.
"I'm hungry, but I don't have anything, so I'll cheat with this."
Shuhei was amazed.
"Do you drink alcohol at home?"
"No way," she laughed. "This is a reserve. It's a little old, but it won't rot. It doesn't matter if it's rotten .... Oh yeah, there's a good one."
She took a paper bag containing sugar beans from the tea bowl.
"This is a hard-to-wash treat."
And the two went into the kotatsu and looked at each other.
There was no noise with Kotori. It was a strangely intimidating tranquility. Shuhei stared at her face with a stunned feeling. I hadn't noticed it until now, but there was a thin freckle from the forehead to the bottom of my eyes. However, the double eyelids that were sharply cut were so beautiful. She glanced at her eyes.
"No, just stare at my face. Do something a little."
She was biting sugar beans, sucking seaweed, and drinking cold sake. Shuhei had no choice but to reach out to him.
As the inside of the kotatsu warmed up, the cold sake came to my mind badly. He turned his eyebrows lightly and set his eyes on the corner of the room. Okiyo has been looking at him with a keen eye.
"If you think about it, it's boring."
Shuhei couldn't understand the meaning and looked back at her eyes.
"You're boring, but I'm boring."
The poisonousness of poking was at the bottom. Shuhei was silent for a while, but it caused unpleasant irritation.
"What's boring," he said.
Okiyo swelled his cheeks and exhaled a liquor-smelling breath. Then, staring at his face again, he said in a hurrying tone.
"If this happens, I'll say everything. It's better to refresh .... You thought I was the same woman as Takai somehow, and that's why I approached. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I just thought that you had something to do with Mr. Yokota's wife. I've never met him. It was a little fun to compete with your wife. I thought it was ridiculous. I didn't take care of it because it was done well. At this time, Mr. Takeuchi put it out with his tongue. You're laughing. "
She shook the bottle and put two glasses of sake left on the bottom.
"This is all over!"
Shuhei didn't know what it was, but he took one cup from him and drank it with her.
After that, he couldn't be abandoned. From the words of Kiyoshi, I sank deep into my heart. Immersed in meditation that I didn't know what I was thinking, I silently laid my face down on the kotatsu futon.
"No matter how long I do this, there are no specifications."
Okiyo said with a frustrated voice and stood up suddenly. And I opened the sliding door on the other side. Shuhei raised his face vaguely. When I looked at it, I thought it was a closet in a room with two or three tatami mats. I saw luggage and baskets cluttered. Okiyo pulled out the nightwear from the side.
Shuhei hurriedly looked around the room. A large mirror stand, a gorgeous cushion, and a dingy woman's kimono on the girder were reflected in my head. Incomprehensible tears came out. The image of Yasuko emerged from the depths of the tears.
Okiyo stopped his eyes on his appearance and stood still for a while, but suddenly crouched down to the shoulder of the role.
"You still have a crush on your wife."
Shuhei nodded in tears. Then I looked at my eyes. It's been a while. It was as quiet as I could hold my breath. Suddenly, Kiyoshi shook his hand on his shoulder.
"If you are, I'm serious. I know my intentions and in-laws .... Okay, don't hit Takeuchi-san. I'll hit you one. I don't care. Two people. Let's hit with. "
Shuhei remembered that the inside of his head suddenly became clear. He took Kiyoshi's hand and squeezed it tightly.
"I'll hit you in front of you."
Then, I lay down on my back and closed my eyes.
Okiyo stood up for a while. Then I laid a rough futon and replaced the fire of the kotatsu. Shuhei sneaked into it in his kimono.
"Isn't it cold?" She said.
"It's okay," he replied with his eyes closed.
Okiyo laid a cushion on the opposite side of him and Kotatsu, untied only the obi, wrapped in a nightwear and slept.
     Fourty-two
Shuhei had a tough night. Even if it was one night, it would have been only a few hours. While my head was clear, I was drowsy only on the surface of my consciousness, and in the distance I heard the sound of a milk car and the sound of a whistle. He opened his eyes in amazement. The area around my shoulders was cold, and the kotatsu was too hot. As I stretched and retracted my legs many times, I finally tried again. After a while, he suddenly woke up and involuntarily raised his upper body. Kiyoshi was sleeping over there. The light of the lamp was strangely dim.
He gently got up and tried to open the window. The outside was dawning white. The broken gray clouds were piled up and hung low in the sky. It seemed that there was a light breeze, and the branches of Keyaki, which stretched out between the house and the neighboring house, were swaying with a few dead leaves. Other than that, I slept at dawn on one side, in the mist and dim light.
Shuhei leaned against the window edge with both elbows, and vaguely looked at the scenery. The unreliable appearance approached me. I felt like an empty sky. However, when I was immersed in it, I felt that the emptiness was a kind of powerful thing. After throwing himself out, he was open to himself. He remembered from last night. It wasn't a miracle now that I had a clean and beautiful night, and it seemed natural. When I revealed the bottom of my heart, I had no desire. There was just a splendor that was forgiven. With that empty feeling, he felt that he could say goodbye to all.
Under the low cloudy sky, the sound of dawn was somehow transmitted in the twilight. I heard a sparrow crying. Shuhei awoke from meditation and suddenly left the window, feeling the cold. And I crouched into the kotatsu.
The light shining through the open window and the light of the lamp that had disappeared merged into one, creating a shadowless white light in the room. It was a bright light that didn't last at night or day. In it, Okiyo slept comfortably. He had half his shoulders out of his nightwear and lay down on his pillow sideways. Rough skin on the cervical muscles was peeking through the purple collar, which was stained with white powder. He seemed to be exhausted, with a little oil floating on his gloomy, cloudy forehead and thick white powder on his cheeks. He opened his small mouth with his heart and took a light, thin breath, neither through his mouth nor through his nose.
"Hey, Okiyo-chan," Shuhei called.
It was a whispering low voice, but at the same time, Okiyo quietly opened his eyes. ...... Shuhei held his breath. Not only was her awakening too fast and quiet, but her eyes, asleep, were too big, peaceful and beautiful. She opened her mouth and said something, with her eyes vaguely placed on his face. At the moment he forgot about himself and leaned forward. I pressed my lips against my eyes and then my mouth. Suddenly, he stood up as if he was taking himself * [# "To Hen +", Level 3 1-84-80].
"I'm going home."
Okiyo quietly raised his upper body and stroked his hair behind him.
"It's okay to go home," Shuhei said, spinning around with his toes.
"Yes, but ..." she paused for a long time and then looked up at him and added. "You're not going to meet me anymore. Have a cup of tea when you say goodbye."
She got up, saying the end in a joke. Shuhei sat in the kotatsu again. She randomly made tea in the hot water of the kettle that was hanging on the brazier. And the two vaguely looked at each other. It was a calm and empty feeling that I couldn't say or think about anything anymore.
     Fourty three
Shuhei didn't get on the train, didn't stop looking at anything, and felt suspiciously disturbed and calm on the lonely street just after dawn, and went straight back to the boarding house.
The morning with Okiyo stuck to the bottom of my head and I couldn't leave. On the other hand, nothing was clearly grasped. It resembled the smell of a scent in my nose. I couldn't think of it, I was just sniffed. And it became a kind of symbol and was reflected in my heart. There was no Kiyoshi or Yasuko there anymore. There was only one confusing woman. No matter which one you look at, Kiyoshi or Yasuko, it was neither Kiyo nor Yasuko. Two things were fused in one vestige.
He felt that there was only a way to say goodbye to that vestige. No, I had already parted halfway. It was decided that the fact that the two became one made it difficult to choose either. After getting out of the stuffy atmosphere, I could see a spacious and empty space in front of me.
He immediately took the pen and wrote a letter to Yasuko.
However, I used it phrase by phrase. I intended to write my feelings in detail, but I couldn't get the feelings together. At the bottom of my heart, I couldn't tell whether I was writing to Yasuko or Okiyo.
He tore the half-written paper many times. But I couldn't help writing it. I felt driven by something. He held back his stupor and threw a simple complaint at the illusion of the illusion in front of him.
[# Indent from here]
We promised to help from the end of the year to the new year, but we couldn't do that anymore. I can no longer visit you every Monday. I can't go home anymore.
Unbearable rumors are spreading. I have a physical relationship with you and the maid of a cafe called Okiyo at the same time. The rumors are totally rumors. But ...
 Please forgive me. I don't know what to do. Please forgive me. I was in love with you. I may have fallen in love with Kiyoshi.
It's nothing anymore now. I'm just cursed myself.
I feel that I am grateful to you and the teacher. I know the person who made the rumor. I take the means I believe in. I don't think I can do it as it is.
I intend to take a new path. I am confident.
Please forgive everything. We expect that there will be times when we will be rewarded for your gratitude. I just can't thank you enough now.
I intend to write in detail, but I can't write anything. I think that my future will be heard from my friend Murata and others. Saying goodbye for a while ... I don't think it's hard anymore.
 Please forgive me. There is no way out of this. I believe.
[# End of indentation here]
Shuhei couldn't keep writing, so he stopped. When I sealed it without reading it back, I felt unbearable.
Finally, I just wanted to meet Yasuko once. But when I imagined that scene, I was scared of myself. I didn't know what it would be like.
He called the maid and wrote a letter with the feeling of trampling everything. Suddenly there was a chill. After looking around in the miserable room, I laid the floor and slept. I felt so tired that I couldn't move.
While opening and closing his eyes for a while, he fell asleep. When the maid brought the meal of Hiru in the afternoon, she screamed in a dreamy manner and fell asleep again.
Murata visited us around 3 o'clock, and he was really awakened from his sleep. My head was strangely vague. I passed Murata and didn't get up from the floor.
"I'll be disappointed as it is," he said.
"Oh, but what's the matter?"
"I got a little chill and I'm sleepy."
He looked up at the ceiling, feeling stupid.
Murata was sitting on the pillow and playing with the fire in the brazier brought by the maid, but suddenly she said it.
"You can't be angry .... I was bad last night. But I couldn't say you. I knew the rumor was a lie, but you were in good shape. ……. ”
Shuhei looked strange and looked at Murata's face. To him, that seemed like a long time ago. It seemed like a long time since I broke up with Murata last night. In fact, that kind of thing has already gone away.
"I don't think about it," he said.
"I hope that's the case ... But what are you going to do now?"
"what?"
"Because there are rumors like that ..."
"I can't do anything. I don't mind because it's just rumors. However, I'm thinking of stopping meeting Kiyoshi and going to Yokota-san's house, because it's boring."
"Um."
Murata answered so, he looked down at the fire in the brazier and thought about it for a while. Then I suddenly raised my face.
"That's fine. If you start to rebel against the rumors, it may bother Yokota-san .... and your future life will be irrelevant. I'll find a job. "
However, Shuhei didn't hear it. He had come up with a plan. It seemed like the best idea to hit Takeuchi. He pretended to be strong and casual.
"You, let's have a year-end party."
"e?"
"I want to bury everything this year, all year round. I want to bury all the rumors. Let's all have a year-end party and have a big drink. It's better as soon as possible. For the last memory, let's do it on the second floor of Horai-tei. "
Murata had his eyes wide open, but after a while, his face suddenly shined.
"That's good. Let's do it now. It's Friday today ... How about next Wednesday. I'll bring you the whole thing to gather at Mr. Yokota's house. Let's pull out Mr. Yokota. Show me the good points and indirectly cancel out with your wife. It's a good idea. And I'll bury everything. "
Shuhei hesitated a little. I was worried about deceiving Murata and calling Mr. Yokota. However, Murata was extremely enthusiastic, as he did not seem to have any suspicions * [# the vertical bar made with "Rubbing" penetrated down, Level 4 2-13-28]. He said that he would put everything together by himself. Shuhei couldn't hesitate anymore. I was wondering what to do. I decided on the meeting with Murata. I decided to occupy the narrow room on the second floor of Horai-tei and drink from around 7 o'clock to late without eating. In order to make it a carefree party, the number of people was 12 people, centering on the common people as much as possible between the people on Wednesday and the people at the cafe.
"I'll call Takeuchi too," Shuhei said lightly.
"Of course," Murata replied.
Shuhei leaned forward without knowing it, and sneaked into the futon again.
     XLIV
Shuhei waited for the meeting on Wednesday. I wasn't a little worried, but I thought I couldn't help but go straight. Murata notified me that everything went well.
When the place was on the floor until late on Tuesday morning, a package of registered mail arrived. It was from Yasuko. Shuhei couldn't forbid the heart palpitations. When I opened the seal with my trembling minions, the exchange of 50 yen was first entered. He was stunned. Then I read the letter all at once.
[# Indent from here]
I saw your letter. I never dreamed that this would happen, but let's give up now that it can't be helped.
When I first saw the letter, I didn't care much. I thought it was okay to assume that the rumors were rumors. However, as I read it back, I became worried. It's your tone that you don't know if you're angry or crying. I believed you to be a more solid person. And when I was thinking about it, I felt that I couldn't stay silent.
I showed your letter to Yokota. After that, I promised that I had talked about Mr. Yoshikawa's diary. Yokota believed in us. And I just said, Inoue is single and you shouldn't have children. Imagine what it gave me. Yokota says that I am also lonely.
Your heart was known to me from that time. But from my point of view, there was no other way. Besides, there was also Mr. Yoshikawa. I was afraid that you would be the same as Mr. Yoshikawa. Mr. Yoshikawa was so deeply engraved in my heart. It's still weirdly annoying my heart about you and Ryukichi. I don't know how much I suffered. But I firmly believed. It will be all better if you and Ryukichi and the three of you get close to each other. Am I wrong?
However, everything has gone wrong. However, please be firm. It's strange to say this, but be careful of the woman named Kiyoshi. I believe in you as you were told to believe in me. I have a lot to say when I meet you, but I think it is better not to meet you now.
It is said that the person who made the rumor is also known, but such a rumor does not come from one person. If you don't pay close attention to the means to deal with it, wouldn't it be a mess? Yokota is also worried about that.
Don't worry about us. I'm completely calm now. The rumors can be dismissed as rumors. As long as you're solid, any rumors are okay. It will disappear from the rumor. Being caught up in rumors seems to be evidence that you are not solid. This is a terrible rumor, but I'm still fine. I pray that you will be on the rumors and not lose yourself.
 Today is Monday. I am writing this letter with the feeling that I have met you. I told Ryukichi that you will be traveling for a while. You can see how lonely you are. I will love Ryukichi from now on. When everything gets better, I think it's okay to have Ryukichi visit your boarding house or come from you about once a week.
Actually, at the end of this year, I was planning to give Meisen's haori and kimono as your New Year's clothes. However, it seems that it is better not to do so for now, so I put it in the exchange and put it in for that purpose. We hope that you will receive it without being offended.
Yokota wants to meet you and talk about various things, but he says that he wants to stay like this for a while now. Then, as Mr. Murata said, he said that he would like to come to Yokota because he will have a year-end party on Wednesday night. I said that I would attend, so I would like you to tell everyone why you will be absent that night due to a sudden need.
It will be too long, so I will stop the brush with this. Everything will get better soon. Don't worry, protect yourself. I pray earnestly for your own weight.
[# End of indentation here]
[# Raise two characters from the ground] Yasuko
Mr. Shuhei Inoue
[# Indent two characters from here]
Addendum: I also showed this letter to Yokota. ...... I want to visit you, but I will stop doing that too. …… Let's refrain from writing letters to each other for the time being. ... I believe in you, just as you believe in me. Let's go on the right path with each other.
[# End of indentation here]
Shuhei was stunned for a while after reading it crazy. Unlike the usual Yasuko, it was a polite tone. But before long, I felt something serious about it. He suddenly returned to me and read the letter again. Every word of the letter squeezed my heart.
It was a kind of illusion that passed through the sword. The big, clear eyes of the black eyes were staring at me. He knew how deeply he fell in love with Yasuko. I also learned how far the Yasuko was from herself. And at that point, my head stopped working and I couldn't move.
He got up vaguely. I ate mechanically. Then I went outside. I felt like the world was different. A yellow light was falling from the sky all over. It was extremely quiet.
He chose Hinata and walked around for a long time. No matter how much I went, it seemed that the sunlight wasn't enough. Suddenly, I found myself in front of Yasuko's house. The nameplate "Hyosatsu" on a cypress board called Sadasuke Yokota caught his eye. He stared at it as if he had seen it for the first time.
Suddenly, he suffocated. The maid came out to the porch on the second floor with something in her arms. He turned back. As I pressed down my palpitations, the haze in my head disappeared and I could see the whole view of the past from afar. Everything was empty. There was only one black shadow of Yoshikawa standing in the sky. He felt as if he had met a ghost. It felt like getting out of it was getting out of everything. He surely bit his lips and made his relatives fight Miuchi to the bottom of his heart with a vague rebellious spirit that he could not understand.
He crushed himself at least when he wanted to meet Ryukichi at a glance. And I continued walking in a sunny direction for no time. My eyes were full of hot tears.
     forty five
On Wednesday night, Shuhei went to Horai-tei around 8:30. I wanted to go later when everyone got drunk, but I couldn't bear to wait.
He went back and forth in front of him a couple of times, and then went inside with the feeling of rushing while keeping his strength in his lower abdomen. There were several strangers in the room downstairs. He went straight to the housewife "Kami" in the counter and paid all the debts he had so far. Then I slowly climbed the stairs. When I went upstairs, a maid who was in the hall came and suddenly pushed the door of the next room open.
"Mr. Inoue is here."
He slipped in through the open door. It was a pure white bright room. Everyone's faces turned around and jumped into his eyes at one point. He turned to the side and put on his hat.
"I'm sorry for being late."
"Hey, I'm here," Hashimoto shouted. "I was going to pick you up in a little while, but Kiyo-chan would insist that you would come. So I made a bet that I would come or not even if I didn't pick you up. However, I lost because it was boring. But I'm glad I lost ....
Shuhei vaguely looked around the seat on the side of the fireplace that he had received in the sky. I could see Takeuchi's face, which was clear in addition to the cigarette of the gold mouth. Shuhei said suddenly, looking away.
"I came from Mr. Yokota, but I couldn't come because of a sudden errand tonight, so I asked everyone to say hello."
Murata asked, "Did you meet?"
"Oh, yesterday, a little bit."
Murata made a strange blink. Shuhei felt that it was a little exciting. My heart has settled down.
"This number is enough .... Welcome, Mr. Inoue."
Shuhei turned around. Kiyoshi's face was peeking out from the other end of Takuko.
"I'll be part of the year-end party too. It's okay."
The eyes were slightly steep, and a light smile was floating on the mouth. Shuhei looked back at it in front of him.
"I'm sorry if I don't get your approval," Takeuchi said.
It was a joke, but it came to Shuhei's chest. He shook his lips and couldn't speak.
"Everyone who wants to go in can enter," Murata took over. "Rabbits, don't be ashamed of the name of the year-end party, just drink until you forget about the whole year."
"I want to drink until I can make the most of it all year round. It's better to keep it alive than forget it ..."
"I understand," Murata interrupted. "There are so many, your reasoning."
It was a continuation of the story from the beginning. But Shuhei couldn't keep silent. Suddenly I said it.
"Hey Takeuchi, don't make rumors that don't go down. Isn't it mean?"
After saying that, Shuhei felt that his eyes staring at Takeuchi were hot. But at that moment, Murata opened his mouth.
"Stop it, it's boring. I'll shut down all the quarrels and quarrels tonight. If you do, after you get drunk."
"But Inoue tells me ..." Takeuchi said.
"Let's do it later. It was after I got drunk."
Some shouted "Agree!"
Shuhei silently took the cup. Everyone started talking at one time. It was a very talkative way, but it soon became real. There were eight people in all. Everyone was already drunk.
A few bottles of Western liquor stood in the middle of the table, and plates of devoured dishes were scattered around. Okiyo refused to take it away and brought in new dishes and sake. It was quite luxurious and messy again.
"I see, this one is more lively," someone said.
"Look, you're a good secretary," Murata replied.
The story goes from food to vegetarianism, then to hedonism, and from the fact that the essence of genius is pure enjoyment, it extends to the problems of brain power and obscenity, literature and art. Due to the relationship between the female model and the author, she eventually fell into obscene talk, and then grew branches in all directions. With that in mind, some were stuck on one issue for a long time, others whispered their New Year's plans to their neighbors, and others whistled while listening to everyone's stories. Takeuchi constantly brought up interesting examples that were rumored or uncertain. It seemed that I couldn't help but talk about something. Kiyoshi, or a horse, or a suitable tea was added to it.
Shuhei was silently staring at the fire of the fireplace, sometimes reaching out to the strong Western liquor. I just couldn't get along with everyone. It came back to my heart repulsively. Finally, I stood up and laid my half body on the chaise lounge on the other side.
However, no one paid attention. The story was bouncing. A major testicle transplant operation was performed, and a man who had lost his testicles got one of the other people, but if he had a child, it was a question of whether the child was another person or himself.
Shuhei vaguely listened to those stories and pursued his own ideas. I couldn't bear to be foolish forever. He felt a deep ditch that separated him from everyone. From the spirit of a young man who remembers his interest and curiosity in everything and ingests everything, he suddenly becomes far away from him, and he suddenly sees himself lost in the dark. The fact that Yasuko, Okiyo, Ryukichi, and Yoshikawa, who are like ghosts, all block up their spiritual life as a group was reflected in the poor material life. I felt like I couldn't breathe anymore if I didn't go through it and go to a clear place. Hitting Takeuchi from the unavoidable breach also felt like a lever now needed to turn my life around. I felt that I could affirm my strength unconditionally with resentment, not just from revenge or cowardly feminine feelings. When I thought about it, my head was dazzling. Unknowingly, Yasuko's letter floated in her chest and shed tears.
"What's wrong, Mr. Inoue, please be firm"
When I was surprised at the voice and raised my eyes, Kiyoshi was sitting right next to me and looking into it. Between the cheeks that were hot with sake and the forehead that was cold and cloudy, the hostile dew eyes were shining while forgiving.
"Give me a glass of water," said Shuhei.
He got up. I pulled Kiyoshi, who had water in the cup, and sat on my lap. Feeling the heavy weight, I drank the cup in a breath.
Someone called, "Inoue," "Don't show me the suspicious place, come here."
Shuhei pushed away the Qing dynasty and never went to the fireplace.
"Water is fast. Drink a little."
Takeuchi stood up and disciplined the cup.
Shuhei looked back at his face.
"Drink it," and offered a glass of his hand. "Let's do this. You will receive it too."
"OK," Takeuchi replied.
Shuhei was tied to Minami in a cup and dried half at a stretch. He turned down and moved the fire from the fireplace to the cigarette. now! I thought. I had a clear head. He put the cup on the table and threw a cigarette of sucking while making a guess at the side where Takeuchi's gold-rimmed glasses were shining. The sparks splattered. At the same time as I paid my foot, I hit Takeuchi where he was fluttering. Takeuchi collapsed before he was able to eat two brute force fists.
It was a moment. Shuhei felt a bottomless silence. While everyone stood up in a daze, I shook myself and left the room with my hat off. Without looking behind, I went down the stairs, passed through the room downstairs, and went out to the front. Someone called me from behind. Looking back after ten steps, forty-five figures stood at the entrance of Horai-tei. Shuhei spit and started walking again.
The light of the moon was clear. There was a clear sky above my head. He felt first-hand in his heart as the new destiny opened with a loud noise.
Bottom book: "Yoshio Toyoshima's Collection Volume 1 (Novel 1 [#" 1 "is a Roman numeral, 1-13-21])" Miraisha
Issued the first print on June 20, 1967 (Showa 42)
First appearance: "Kokumin Shinbun"
August 4th to November 25th, 1921 (Taisho 10)
* The bottom book is a large scale of "ga" (ward number 5-86) used for counting things and place names.
Input: tatsuki
Proofreading: Masatoshi Matsunaga
Created October 13, 2008
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were involved in the input, proofreading, and production.
