Spring mountain
Juran Hisao

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Yamakyoku "Yamatawa"

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) South |

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Numbers are JIS X 0213 area area number or Unicode, base page and number of lines)
(Example) * [# Roman numeral 2, 1-13-22]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

Shuhei Akita lay down on the sun-drenched vagina of the solarium and picked up the postcards that had been thrown on the floor since last winter. This is a self-made postcard sent by a friend who has become obsessed with Paris and feels like he is alone.
If I thought Leger died in August, Utrilo died on the 6th of this month. In Paris, I meet the important things in my life almost every day. How about that? In the stagnation of Konuma, it is written cheeky that it seems to be as fluffy as a jellyfish as usual.
I don't know if Utrilo's death is an important part of my life until I think about it, but the world in which Shuhei lives is so safe that if I relax a little, I can't stop yawning. ..
Shuhei entered the vacant house of Kashitaro Matsui, who is the parents' house of his sister-in-law, who has 15 rooms in Japan alone, and while he was drawing a picture in the side of the solarium, the scenery around him suddenly changed. It was spring.
There are mountains in the north and east around Benigaya, where Shuhei lives, and because the southwest is open to the sea, it is the warmest mountain in Kamakura, and the mountain is south. Violets bloom in February due to the day of the song "Yamatawa". In March, the sky becomes a clear blue like the blue that children paint on their paintings, and the grass sprouting green under the light-colored mountain cherry blossoms. Shuhei is devoted to studying abstract painting, but that is the same as the problem of permutation and the binomial theorem, and since it is a work within the idea, there is no use for nature or landscape.
Shuhei is yawning in the painting room, but it seems that not only the climate that has suddenly springed up, but also the influence of an environment that is too clean without humans is probably working. Matsui's house is large, but the mansion is ramblingly large. The terrain is like carrying the mountain behind Komyoji, which is the border between Kamakura and Zushi, and the garden continues from above to the point where you can see the cut-out of Nagoe from above, over the ridge of Mt. Tensho. I once crossed the ridge and went down to the side that seems to be a border, but there are valleys and rivers, wide grasslands bound by 萱 and 葎 "Mugura", and thickets that can not see the sun. It continues without a hitch. The owner of this house sells it for sale at a price of 10 million yen, but in the midst of deflation, such a stupid house cannot be sold from right to left. I was tired just by looking at it, and I came back with amiability.
Last winter, on the night of the 30th, which was also closed in December, a child of a fisherman in Kotsubo who went to steal Himekomatsu, who is going to the back mountain of Komyoji Temple, fell into a valley and died. The child's mother was patiently searching for the road above the ridge and the valley, holding a lantern and shouting, "Money, money." The lantern fire was visible until dawn. In retrospect, it was only then that human resources were naturally mixed in the last six months or so.
Yu-san, who looks just like Maitreya Buddha at Joruri-ji Temple, and his fellow gardener, Roku-san, come to clean the garden three times a month. Misa-san, a postman, Yoshibei, who is said to be Amimoto in Kotsubo, and his son, Yoshi Youth ... That's a regular in the painting room, but with such a combination, it's just annoying and raises the spirit. It doesn't make any contribution. It doesn't mean that you will meet the important things in your life.
When Yu was young, he became obsessed with Kobakuchi and managed to become a relative of Yokosuka's boss. It seems that he had turned around, and it seems that the spirit of that time still remains, and even though he lives by playing with only plants, he has some habit. It's not just Yu-san, but Roku-san, Sansan, Yoshibei, and his son Yoshi-youth are no different from Yu-san when it comes to playfulness and strong acquaintance. Yoshi youth is arguing that we are descendants of the Miura Party, saying that it is boring, but the land area up to Kotsubo, where the castles of Benigaya, Iijima, Nagoshi, and Miura Michizane were located, is the Hojo Tsunetoki period. In the territory, it was divided into Ranbashi Village in the middle of the Meiji era, and since it is a descendant of the general Murakata, who was dominated by the predecessor of Matsui, who was the master, it is said to be a custom in the way of thinking and life feelings. There seems to be something in common. The way to hit Shuhei is normal, and although he doesn't treat him as a stranger like the Burakumin in the mountains of Tohoku, there are some unidentified and unclear points, so it's easy to deal with. It was.
Shuhei was deeply satisfied with the pure and joyful life that was miserably lonely, but not bothered, for the time being when he entered this vacant house, which seemed to have weathered in the midst of inaction and malaise. When I come, I feel like I want to return to the hustle and bustle of human beings for a while, to the troublesome life that I once gave up, because I was worried about the climate that was too calm and the environment that was too light night without life. Sometimes.
On such a spring morning, Mr. Roku quietly came to the place where Shuhei was playing with water in the tank with a motor.
"If I thought I was away, I was there."
"Roku-san, drink some tea."
"I was relieved because I saw my face. I'll come again."
The next day, Yu came early.
"Did you live? I couldn't show my face to the street for ten days, so I thought I was suffering."
When I sat down on the selfish stile 《Kamachi》, I lit a cigarette and blew out a long smoke.
"Well, you're in trouble. It's poisonous if you just stay at home in such a cheerful way. Go out to the beach for a moment."
"If it's the sea, I see it every day."
"How about fishing. If you want to go fishing, take a boat."
"I'm sorry for sea fishing because I'm vulnerable to boats."
"Today is the middle day of the equinoctial week, but I wonder if I have forgotten something ... Gonoday is a local holiday, 11th is a tide holiday on the beach ... Midday on the equinoctial week is important in the land. It's a day
Shuhei was dealing with him while washing his paintbrush, but in Yu-san's good turn, there was something difficult and entwined. It may be kind and not malicious, but I felt the embarrassment and abomination of being forced to drink by an unknown customer at a bar and refusing to refuse.
"Is it a festival donation? Please tell me how much you will give. I can't do much because I'm an answering machine."
"You came to get the money ... Did you hear anything from your wife in Tokyo?"
"I didn't hear anything."
Yu-san had a difficult face,
"Ginger isn't it"
When I shook my tongue, then I went home again soon.
About two hours later, a young man from Kotsubo arrived.
"Is there a teacher?"
When I came up to the place where I was working and cross-legged with a strange appearance,
"I brought something I wanted to see."
"I brought something like Yoshian-chan. There are already a lot of excavations around here."
"It's not like that, don't be surprised."
While saying a crosswind, I put a round object wrapped in a cloth of turmeric on the floor of the armpit.
Although it was an old Tamba ware, it did not pass the glass jar and seemed to have been thrown out of the hole kiln, distorted and collapsed, and had a bite on the bottom. If you go to a stake that is compatible with the top and bottom or a Kamaya, you can't make such an odd piece for less than 10 yen, but if you look closely, you can see that the oval shape that is curved and crumbled is not a mess. It is interesting that the stone goby appears first because it is used as it is in the wasteland without elutriation. Something like pine ash fell in the kiln, and it turned into glass, which turned into a beautiful blue color and flowed straight through. The surface is rough, the color is not glossy, and it looks dirty to the eyes, but it is called mouth-making, the flow of beadro, and it is like a tea master jumping.
"Where did this come from?"
"Teacher, it's a big deal. I don't know where, but I dug it out."
I would like to say that it is an insight, but there is no way I can swallow this deep-tasting beauty in the 23 Amimoto who have no eyes or background. There is nothing less reliable than the acceptance that this is good for an amateur who has not undergone aesthetic training in terms of color, lines, and beauty elements.
"If you really dug it, it's a flying fluke, but it seems like a lie."
"Is there a lie, really?"
"Don't be fooled, anyone gave it to me."
Yoshi youth scratched his head,
"Don't you cheat? If you can't cheat, I confess, but I've cheated from Yokosuka's uncle's house. How much would it sell if I sold it?"
"If you like it, you'll jump at it, but it's not something you can price."
"I'm disappointed. That's true."
"Can you give me a picture? You can bring any of the paintings there."
"Do you want so much? Then, let's go to Yokosuka. I'll leave what I like. I shouldn't be at home today, so it's convenient."
I told him to go, but it was interesting that it was distorted and that it was awkward, so there can be no such thing as a good result.
"I hate you because you can't boil. No matter what, I can't do anything with my uncle. Goodness is in a hurry. Stand up."
Because Yu-san was persistently entwined, I thought there was something, but the invitation of Yoshi Youth was so terrifying that I came across it.
"I'll ask you a little, why do you all want to pull me out?"
When Shuhei reopened, Yoshi Youth was emptied and
"What's wrong with me? I don't know what you're talking about."
And it became muddy.
"It seems that when I'm here, there's something wrong with me. Isn't it?"
"I don't really mean that the teacher was here."
"That's why I'm at home. I stopped going to Yokosuka. Tell Roku-san and Yu-san. The teacher said he wouldn't leave the house for the time being."
"This guy is weak"
"If I go home, Yoshian-chan won't be in trouble."
"It's going to weaken ... It's important if the teacher bends the navel here."
Yoshio was split into knees and squeezed, then he put his hands on the floor and bowed his head.
"Teacher, this is it."
"If you want to open a house, you can open it, but you can't go out for a hospitality."
"If you want to fish, you can set up any number of boats. Please go slowly."
"Don't look sweet. Is there a way to say that? If you ask for something, you should ask after making a point."
Yoshi youth is holding his head,
"Um ... I groaned. This is like a Shinto ritual of the villagers, and both the deceased husband of Matsui and his wife in Tokyo pretend not to see it with their knowledge. It's a crucial moment that the bosses have been waiting for the inn since last night.
Twice in spring and autumn, on the middle day of the equinoctial week, bosses from nearby prefectures gathered to hold a cockfighting Kanto tournament in the inner enclosure of Matsui's residence, which has been a long time ago. However, he said that he made a fool of himself, saying that he would do it without summer and winter if he was only working with his friends.
"Why were you doing that in our land?"
I thought that the natural scenery around here was too idyllic to take, but I didn't think that such a lively scene was unfolding in the back of the garden that looked boring.
"Hamakata is mixed during the tide break, so I always blame the noise, but did you really know?"
"I didn't know. I didn't see anything like that, but which way did they come in?"
"Which road has one entrance. Everyone enters through the gate."
If you say so, I remember seeing Roku-san and Yu-san roll something into the hem of Hanten and go into the back of the garden.
"Mr. Roku, do you do bad things with young people at that age?"
"The teacher doesn't know anything. Mr. Roku is the best game chicken in the Kanto region. If Mr. Roku gets his hands on it, the anti-feather chicken" Soppari "will become a game chicken today. "Meigetsuin" for the flower game is hidden there, but if you want to see it, let's take a look. "
When I went up the slope of the back mountain where the fallen leaves were piled up in winter last year, there was a dark hut under the big holly tree that seems to have been closed for a long time.
Yoshi youth stood in front of the door and had a faint eye to hear the noise inside, but looking back toward Shuhei,
He said something like inviting him, "Hey, it's dashing. Let's go in."
In a dark place in a hut with a horse stand, there was a two-shaku-high basket covered with a bag of red silk << fir >>, and in it I could hear the footsteps of a chicken moving around in a rugged manner.
When Shuhei goes in front of the basket, the gamecock suddenly rages, jumping up and kicking the ceiling of the basket while making a sizzling noise, so it seems that he will break the basket at any moment. It was creepy.
"It's a noisy guy. Is a game chicken always so angry?"
"On a day with a cockfight, he'll be stuffed with a comb and a tail feather and covered with a red one, so he's enthusiastic. I've heard the story, but I still saw" Meigetsuin ". I don't know. I might be fooled by Mr. Roku, but I'll take a peek at it. "
When I took the bag of red silk, the all-black, seemingly fearless Shamo chicken was exposed alone, as if it were growing up.
"Wow, that's amazing. Teacher, this is a male thing."
The comb was torn into pieces and swayed like the blood-colored algae on the rocky shore, and the eyes seemed to glare.
Meigetsuin was looking at Shuhei's face with his eyes on his eyes, but what he didn't like was that when he strained his featherless red skin, he turned his angry hair upside down and tried to fly. I started to step on while shaking.
The place where the fine emerald-colored spots 《Fu》 were scattered on the genuine black that looked like it was wet with water is, by all means, the feeling of Russian velvet touched with blue thread. A light blue chemri rises on the spotless feather hill, and every time it moves, a bright blue light runs from the neck to the tail feathers like a lightning bolt at the end of autumn. The color of the chicken crown is a complex red mixed with red and magenta, and in contrast to the black feathers and the blue spots, it shows a deep value like a black game chicken that Goya modeled in a cockfighting chart.
"It's like a Tamba ware pot brought by Yoshian-chan. It's a mess, but the more you look at it, the more it tastes. What kind of place do you kick in the open field?"
It was Shuhei's opinion that fighting with each other is the same as the competition for survival, and there is nothing to look at. I can't go back.
"I think cockfighting is a barbaric thing. I feel like I want to see it for a moment, but it's not enough to bleed unnecessarily."
When I was distracted, Yoshi Youth came in immediately and
"You suddenly got sensual. If so, why don't you watch the flower game?"
"What do you do in a flower game?"
"It's a war of energy, and you can't do anything terrible. You can have time for the gamecocks to face each other, but it's about 40 minutes ... In the meantime, you're scared to cry or crouch down tired. Or put your neck under the chicken, or lean on the side of the enclosure and throw your legs ... If you do any of the four losses, you'll lose. "
"At that level, I don't have to worry about it."
"If you want to see it, take a look. When the flower game starts, I will come to you softly."
About two hours later, Yoshi Youth came to meet us. From the side of the hut, crossing the ridge and going down the narrow path leading to Tanito, I came to the shore of the valley where the tofu river once flowed.
The other side of the beach is a deep thicket bound by thorns and 萱, and there is a lot of human voice in the back.
"I'm doing it in that place. When I find it, I don't look good, so I should just take a look at it. The opponent of Meigetsuin is Sasuke, a Shamo chicken of Kizasa. I'm going to
After Yoshi Youth went, when I sneaked up near the wooded area, I could see the scenery of the cockfighting ground from between the trees.
Is that the place where it becomes a link? The center of the grassland surrounded by thickets is dug up to about 2 tsubo, covered with river sand, stakes are struck at the four corners, and it is surrounded by goza at a height of about 3 shaku. A sheet is laid around the link, and in a place called a referee's seat, there are twelve men who seem to be astute, showing the dignity of their boss and sitting comfortably on the cushion, and the tabi ties. There are two caretakers wearing Jika-tabi, and they are holding them on their knees in the form of an assistant. About thirty people, including Zhang Fang or a guest, or the husband of a merchant who can be seen at the store on the main street, are attracting a bottle and laughing and talking as they have agreed.
A little away from the left side of the link, there was a curtain like a tea party in the field, which was like a preparation room, so I could hear the voices of chickens roaring in the basket.
One of the caretakers went to the side of the link and
"The 5th flower game ... I have 40 minutes of time."
When he showed off with a rusty and astringent voice, Mr. Roku and Mr. Yu came out holding a basket with a cheerful face like a different person.
"Kataya Meigetsuin, Kataya Sasuke"
Around the link, cheers suddenly rose.
Roku-san and Yu-san were divided into east and west, and when they placed a basket near the link, they sprinkled water on the chicken with Nyoro, and it was time to take it out of the basket, put their hands under the feathers and hugged it quietly.
While the caretaker was looking at the stopwatch, he made a strange voice that seemed to pierce through, and Mr. Roku and Mr. Yu were at the same time and placed the chicken in the position where they faced each other.
When I thought that it would suddenly start to appear, instead, I tried to hold it between my legs and hold the chicken still.
The bald head of the gamecock master was shining in the bright spring sun, and the two gamecocks looked like they were looking at each other.
Meigetsuin's opponent is a poor chicken with a light feather color and a bald color, and it is miserable that the feathers are stripped to the back and the horrifying red skin is exposed in some battles, but the chicken crest is halved. The above was also shaved off, so when I looked only at my head, it looked like a ghost of a chicken and was ridiculous. Meigetsuin is a dignified swordsman, but Sasuke's back is curled up like a chicken retreat, and his eyes are screaming as if he wants to sleep as it is. It's not a style of fighting. The crowd was giggling because it was a sloppy combination that could be a show, but for some reason, they burst into laughter.
This match seems to be the best entertainment without betting, and no one cares about the outcome of the match. Since it is the number one celebration for Roku-san, who created a male thing like Meigetsuin, Sasuke is nothing more than a live food drawn to Link to absolutely lose. The flower game was supposed to be like this, but if so, it was a unique attempt in the sense that it was cruel.
When Shuhei stretched out, Meigetsuin and Sasuke were united and rubbing each other. Kick, catch, knock down, crush. Each time, black and brown feathers are mixed and spouted into the sky like a fountain.
Meigetsuin is superior, but Sasuke is not always killed. As I understand that there is no way to live other than fighting, I was rushing around the link, rubbing the tail feathers on the side, in the extreme posture of the creature that was cornered by the edge of death, but there was a chance. When he grabbed him and attacked Meigetsuin, he hit his head and turned it over, jumped up about five shaku, and fell like a meteorite in the middle of his back. Meigetsuin went to the side near the side, but was crushed there, buried his neck in the sand, and screamed in a miserable voice.
The audience was disappointed and applauded, and gave a couple of applause.
In the second game, the situation suddenly reversed. Sasuke loses his fighting spirit and becomes stinky, and keeps running away by following the corner of the link. In the far corner of the link, Meigetsuin was looking at Sasuke, who was swaying and stepping on his body, and was confused. I hit "Zume" and threw it over my back for about a while.
Sasuke died, and the game was over. The caretaker came to the wooded area with Sasuke's skeleton, and threw it into the grass with Shuhei in a random manner, and the next match began immediately.
Sasuke was still alive. There was a faint sign of being alive. His beak was broken, his eyeballs were scooped out, and he stretched out for a long time, such as the end of an unfortunate human being. After looking up at Tohon and the sky, I started to get up from the grass while making a painful effort.
After failing several times and finally recovering, Yotayota and Shuhei's attack, knowing that the end of death is approaching, and trying to stay true to nature until the end. I walked to the side where I was. However, the behavior was not worth it, and when I walked about a shaku, I slammed on the calyx.
From Sasuke's eyes, something like tears overflowed. It was broken and spit out blood and bile because it was a short beak that couldn't be called a beak. However, soon after, my body became stiff and I stabbed it like a dry beak.
There was one important thing here as well. Shuhei muttered in his heart.
"In the spring mountains, a gamecock died in tears."



Bottom book: "Juran Hisao Complete Works * [# Roman numerals 2, 1-13-22]" Sanichi Shobo
January 31, 1970 (Showa 45) 1st edition 1st printing issued
February 29, 1992 (Heisei 4) 1st edition 8th edition issued
Input: Hiroshi Kadota
Proofreading: Hirohisa Shiba
Created May 27, 2020
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (https://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
