Spring illusion
Yoshio Toyoshima

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) Rapeseed and Shikumoei [# "Shikumoei" is a mama], etc.
-------------------------------------------------- -----

When I think of spring, the illusion of the world that I just barely came up with. It is symbolized by the cat that is in the sun. Just as Hinatano Neko's eyes dimly open their narrow eyes and then mesmerize, the breath of spring closes the eyes of everything. The cold air and warm air are entangled, evaporating the warm mist, the light and shadow are confused, and they melt in a dim reflection, the outline of the object collapses, and it is thick and soft. Blurred by a curve, the exposed side of everything-the mysterious eyes peeking from behind-they are cloudy, like glass that is exhaled. There is nothing clear. Everything is blurry. I'm finally taking a nap.
However, the body of Hinatano Neko is clouded by the breath of spring, as if it were swaying in a warm breath, with the fur that aroused the sensual subtle touch, and while storing something ferocious and lewd inside. The blind world also makes a sensual vibration to a certain uneasy breathing, if not panting. She has a shameless groan that makes her palm feel itchy when touched. The hair of a greasy woman is alive, and it is entwined in a lump, and it is a form that is moist and sleepy.
The cat dozing in Hinata is an atheist ... Rather, he is an atheist, neither a god he owns nor a god reigning over him. He who is basking in the sun in a world without gods-he who lays down his lewd body enchantedly is a lover of momentaryism. And how seductive and weak the enjoyment of the godless earthly moments! There is spring joy and melancholy there. It is hard to exist in this world with a strong attachment that only engraves the image of one on the stone. Where there is the joy of youthful life in the transition from one image to the other, the forgotten and unseen images are overlaid on the current image, causing irresistible deception. , There is the sadness of paradise without God.
When looking at this world, various elephants gradually emerged from the haze. ――Let's catch a little of that.
Flowers such as peaches, cherry blossoms, rapeseed, and purple cloudy English [# "purple cloudy English" is a mama] are in full bloom. It is the appearance of artificial flowers that have few leaves and many flowers. How gorgeous and lonely are the flowers that bloom naturally, the flowers that bloom in Muro, the flowers that are picked up with paper or cloth, and those that are more similar to them! And above, the cloudy blind sky of the sunlight hangs lightly but low and narrow, as if trying to prevent too strong light and wind. Suffocating euphoria dominates the earth. A butterfly that is dazzled by his dance is crazy and lost. A little bird, fascinated by his own voice, sings until his throat tears. And now, the skin of the earth on which those things are placed is sweating gently in the warmth of the seed buds and eggs, and breathing in between. The steam of breath and sweat are entwined, and in the corner where the heat haze rises, a snake whose back is not yet dry wraps around a lewd toguro. From the shadow of the plexus, the frog is peeling a big eyeball. On the deciduous leaves, slugs are lurking in the horns, whilst slugging the mucus of blunt silver. They-snakes, frogs, and slugs are not in agony from each other's fears. While looking at each other with indifferent eyes, I am fascinated by my own obscene thoughts. Around it, a lizard with a dark blue gold wire, with its head raised, continues to sneak into its small legs. Eventually he is thirsty and goes to drink the water in the pond, with his chin tingling. In the pond, a number of male lizards [# "male 蝦 蟇" is "female 蝦 蟇" in the bottom) flocked to the back of a large female 蝦 蟇 that stepped into the mud, and in a relentless battle. Intertwined. The fainted female mustard, still clinging to her back from a twelve male, floats on the surface of the water with her navelless drum belly up.
Surrounded by such nature, two men are lying on the young grass in the shadow of the bee's wings. One of them continues to speak in German, shining his cheeks and shining brightly, welcoming the light of the sun with a smile.
――Because it can't be helped. My soul is like a balloon ball. If you connect it to one place, the air will just escape and it will deflate, so skip it in the wind. Can you choose one? If you could choose, I wouldn't keep wandering like this. In my eyes, every woman is just as beautiful, in different shades. When I'm in the light of daytime, my heart flies to that girl. I'm confused whether I'll grab my daughter's little soul in my palm and throw it high in the sky, trample it on the ground, or hold it gently on my chest. Time passes in my mind. It's fun during that hesitation. Stupid fantasies come up one after another. And in the interval of fantasy, I feel like gathering virgins from all over the world and looking into their faces one by one, wondering if this is the daughter of my choice or if there is another better daughter. It is. In the meantime, I'm all sick. I feel like accepting everything as it is. However, when the night lights flashed in the moist darkness, I stood up as if I was resurrected and aimed at the gorgeous streets. Suspicious women who wrapped their plump body with the scent of enji are lined up in front of me. There is no sense on any face, but every face is familiar. The Hokage reflected in the cup, the mellow sound of rubbing clothes, the sound of the streets blocked by objects, and everything else whispers, dance, dance, dance until crazy. You can't stay still. I just want to do something messy and suspicious, I can't help it ...
One man listened to those words with his eyes down. Eventually he stands up silently and walks away. He keeps walking for a while, hanging his neck and dropping his eyes on the ground. When the cloudy sky was unnoticed by pale clouds and the thin rain began to fall silently, he hurriedly returned to his room and pondered how long he broke up with her in love. Now that I have retired from myself because of my weakness and lost my message, I suddenly remembered it, and while I was wondering what it was like, I wondered what it was like. Weaving in, entwining her and herself in it and drowning.
The night dew was often tied on top of those things, and the clean light of the morning sun brought about a clear and refreshing world. The fresh flowers and leaves that have just begun to bark, and the unblemished soul that has just awakened, are horrifying at once, and to the invisible and brilliant ones-the ones that can be called gods. Raise your eyes. It is a pure quest garden. But that's just a moment. Soon all the eyes will be clouded by the breath of spring. And a godless, weak paradise on earth-the joys of the moments and the melancholy that comes from them all wrap around.
My illusion of spring is quite anxious and easy to shake. In fact, spring is too busy. From my point of view, it is probably winter until the beginning of April when the cherry blossoms are in full bloom, and when the leaves are full of fresh green, it is a different world from spring.



Bottom book: "Yoshio Toyoshima's book, Volume 6 (essay, critique, etc.)" Miraisha
Issued the first print on November 10, 1967 (Showa 42)
Input: tatsuki
Proofreading: Hiroshi Kadota
Created December 7, 2005
Revised January 13, 2006
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
