First sign
Iruru Masaoka

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Normal << normal >>

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) One seat |

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Numbers are JIS X 0213 area area number, or original page and number of lines)
(Example) * [# Song symbol, 1-3-28]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

  Up

‥ …… When you think about it, I want to be stuffy despite this kind of business. Normally, as you know, the mouth is heavy, and it's just that. I don't know what kind of birth this is, but it's really stuffy. I always wore a hat "Shappo" in a public bath and tried to enter the Awaya bathtub "Yubune" with my momohiki on. Have you ever been laughed at on the train? On the way to get the postcards, I bought a piece of salmon fillet at Michi and mistakenly slipped the salmon into the mail box. This guy would have been crushed when the postcard came to collect postcards at [# "after"]. In what world do you have a stick that salmon fillets come out of your mail box? In other words, because he is a person who is as quiet as such a person, he may have been rushed to the beginning to be pleased with the battle of life and the training of arts, and he may have made a terrible mistake. Hmm.
After all, my house was still the end of the samurai family, so when I was little, I studied a lot about a Chinese teacher named Kosai Nomoto. However, after studying too much, I broke my body. According to the doctor, it's a good idea to try some music to make it clearer, and to rejuvenate, so I started practicing Tokiwazu, but this is what I call it. It's strange [# "Weird" is an emphasis mark], but from the point where a dexterous voice comes out and something is done, I was recommended to become a student of the current Hayashichu "Rinchu" in 20 years, and Ieju Tayu I ended up getting the name "Yasuda Yu". Then, when I hung about three stage curtain plays, I was able to make a lot of money. In other words, if I did this little Tokiwazu, I could become a tayu immediately, and as soon as I went to the Matachito forge book play, I got money. This wasn't so good, and when I was brought there, it was a time when humans were afraid, so I'm sure I was just happy with the world. Even if I became the same Tayu of Tokiwazu, if I had him use it on the Hinoki cypress stage and suffered from the beginning, I wouldn't have seen the world sweetly.
In addition, when he went on a trip to Shinshu and was in trouble with a woman named Komatsu Kishizawa who runs a rough shop in Ueda, he was a master of the old days and was a master of Dokyotei. Shinba, the husband of the restaurant, and Komatsu-san opened the playhouse in Ueda with two signboards, but it was too big for the second day. Shinba, I hurt my throat and couldn't speak. So I decided to go further, but after all, Komatsu-san was in Jobanzu and I was in Jobanzu again. Oh yeah, I can't just talk about Jobanzu. There, I boldly performed a rakugo story called "Yabu Doctor," which I was familiar with. Then, this guy was very well received by the customers, and if Shinba, who was listening in the dressing room, could perform only that, he would definitely ask him to perform one seat each night. So, when I asked for various moods such as "Kinmeichiku" and "Tarachime" with a good heart, all of them were surprised. This too wasn't good for me.
Besides, Shinba's throat was healed, and this time he went to a nearby place called Yawata for a two-person party. At this time, I play two seats every night, so I'm having trouble with the title "What to do", so Joruri's "Kanamoto Tadaomizo". That great introduction * [# song symbol, 1-3-28] ｜ Kakou 《Kakou》 Ari and 雖 《Ido》 do not taste if eaten-the third stage from Asuko, the fight in the palace I tried to read the book as it was and act like a lecture, but then I received it again. The next night I played the 4th, 5th, and 6th dan, but when I got to the point, all the rural people spilled tears and listened to Judge "Hogan" and Kanpei's seppuku. I will give you. At last, Shinba, who was a true hit, was eaten by me and became even more sloppy. Finally, it didn't work for me.
As an aside, at this Yawata box office, customers used to put dried apricots in a bag instead of Kido-sen, wrapped chestnuts in a furoshiki, and even brought potatoes. I was surprised at that. In other words, after the box office is over, you can load it in a car, bring it to the market, and pay us only after replacing it with a treasure. At that time, I remembered these rare scenes in the countryside well, so after becoming a professional rakugo storyteller, "Honzen" and "Momokawa" were the stories of the countryside. Sometimes it was very helpful. Even so, I'm still afraid, but at that time, a peasant said that it was natto that I made at home and left it in Kido. Everyone laughed at me.
By the way, Shinba praises so much, and in fact, customers also praise him more than Shinba, so when I returned to Tokyo, I finally became motivated and immediately became a rakugoka in search of [# "Tsute" as an emphasis mark]. became. Around that time, he became a disciple of Danshurou Enshi, a master of Futaba Town, which was said to be a major figure in the Yanagi school. I am twenty-five years old. By the way, it's the third day when I'm an apprentice in the dressing room of Nihontei on the Onari Highway. There were two or three people who were absent, and the undercard went up twice, but no matter how much I tried, there was no more [# "after" side point]. I'm so sorry, so I pulled the haori that was sewn to Takaza and lowered this undercard, and then went up and played the story of Hachi-san and Retirement-san in the example of "natural disaster" for a long time. Apparently, this was heard by the customers, and when they came down happily, Mr. Enji, a big signboard who was said to be Chiuchiu Enji at that time, came before I knew it, and he praised me so much, and you were the first rakugoka. I say that it has become. At this time, I wouldn't have been impressed by Mr. Enji if I said a little about Shinshu, but he said that he was an amateur of Zub because he hated to think that it was around the countryside. Therefore, I was very impressed by Mr. Tsubameji, and as soon as you were not a rakugoka who was the undercard, not only the master Tsubame, but also the president Yanagieda, who was the president of Kuramae. 》 Speaking to my master (I was in Sukiya-cho, Shimotani at that time), I was immediately renamed Enji, and I was promoted to the second place immediately without opening the undercard. This was more and more a bad thing for me.
What's worse, as soon as it became a swallow flower, there was a yose in Abegawa-cho "Abekawacho" and a yose in Yoshiwara Naka Suzuki "Nakasuzuki". Has an undercard called Yansaku, and puts the most drums in front of the customer's gathering. This way of hitting isn't [# "Tende" as an emphasis mark], and while I'm not worried because the first and the wrong, I'm not worried about it. I was supposed to hit the second one, but at this time I was praised by the seating staff that the big drum I hit was the main line, so this time it was not the second one, but three. It has become something that you can see. Like the story around the countryside in the forefront, I wouldn't have bought it if I told him that it was natural for me to know how to play taiko because I had been in stage curtain play for many years, whether it was stupid or Chung. In this way, mysteriously, I'm just lucky, so I can't do it anymore.
Another thing that shouldn't be done is that one night, when I tried to carry it from Abegawa-cho to Yoshihara's vaudeville, a magic trick, Chonosuke, hit a drum called "Uchi" in front of me. I go with my rumors in a loud voice. Maybe this is also a bad word, Tsubame is a rakugoka taiko, and he'll take over the world now, or that one night's work is like Mt. Fuji. I will praise you. When this happens, I'm also happy [# "Come on"], and the roots are [# "It" on the side]. I had to go to, but I was crazy about them, and when I got stuck to the vaudeville seats in the town where they were hanging, I realized it for the first time. I rushed to Yoshiwara's vaudeville and turned back, and apparently I made it in time, but there were so many things I couldn't do.
Please think about it.
Originally, even if you become a rakugoka or a rakugoka with a young soul, Misora, who is still in training, everything is fine, but the appearance is really good, but it's a long New Year. There isn't.
The proof was that I thought I was studying hard, but I wonder if that ... oh ... oh ... what are you, that human voice.
It seems that Hate is gradually approaching this place, but hurray, hurray, hurray, hurray.
Look, I'm here. There are a lot more than the front line, everyone with a big lantern, oh, hurray, hurray, hurray ... Hey, you can't hear anything until you pass this line. Let's take a break. And you, well, congratulations, so please dry it. No, I haven't been able to use "Chikagoro" these days, but I'm so happy tonight that I'll be willing to take a bite. Because I'm so excited that I have to drink alcohol as a Japanese person.
Horae has already lined up to the bottom of this eaves, hurray, hurray ... Congratulations, at all.


  During

Ah, hurray has finally gone a long way.
But you will come again soon. Of course, tonight must be night after night, and in fact, people all over Japan must be so happy tonight, so this is also a celebration of night and night. As for the story, there are times when the demons do not come here to do the laundry, but before the hurray comes, let's talk about the continuation of the present.
However, even though Japan won the last Sino-Japanese War, there were various unpleasant things about it because it was Triple Intervention. I was really sad at that time, but now I think it was really good. It seems that we are very cheeky, but that was just a crappy victory and I got two-thirds of the Qing dynasty. Was he able to win the war with Tonton like this? It is true that the suffering that won at that time and tied up the helmet was doubled and tripled today [# "things" as an emphasis mark] and became the blood and flesh of all Japanese people, and it did such a remarkable work. here we go. Then you, all human beings, if you only cry at the beginning, you won't get the final big victory.
[# Indent from here]
* [# Song symbol, 1-3-28] Han Xin passed through his crotch
Flowers bloom on the grass that was stepped on
[# End of indentation here]
That's right, that's right.
By the way, this idiot called me had the same behavior as I said, and he had too many good eyes from the beginning, so he won and didn't wear a helmet. No, I was studying with the intention of becoming a big signboard "Okanban" by myself, but when I look back quietly around this time, after all my study at that time was selfish. It didn't happen. I'm not going to tell you what it was like for a while, but after all, I'm praised by my friends, and I'm praised as cod roe [# "cod roe"). It's just praised and it doesn't make any sense. The customer didn't receive [# "tende" as an emphasis mark], and the result wasn't used at all at any of the seats.
Two years, three years, four years, five years--five years have passed, but I can't help it because I'm completely resident. When this happened, I felt like I was walking while staying for the next five years, in exchange for the remarkable speed of the first year.
Therefore, there is no income.
The money I saved from my father's repatriation money was used up by everyone because I could become a full-fledged person, and even then, I couldn't become a full-fledged person, but 300 a year. On average, on the 65th, I can only get about 6 sen. No matter how cheap the price is, the porridge won't go away.
Chiuchiu Yanagiya, who came there and stood out, died, and when it was bad, it was bad. My name, Yanagiya, was the former name of Mr. Yanagiya in Kuramae, and the next was in front of Chiuchiu Yanagiya. The name, followed by the former Kosan, who was on sale at that time, that is, the former name of Kingorō Kosan, and the successor name of Dai in the Yanagiya school, are auspicious. I ended up having to return my name and name Kataro Miyakokawa. It was the third generation | Dodoitsu Bosenka, when a musician named Komanosuke, the former god of Mr. Yanagieda, came back from Osaka. From the relationship that was the original god, I talked to Mr. Yanagieda, the president, and Mr. Yanagieda talked to the master again, forcibly renamed me Utataro, and I was used before this fan song. Because it has been done.
However, this fan song is not well received.
Therefore, I can't sell at last. Until now, I've come to the poor, and it's become more bald, and finally the porridge isn't even squeezed.
But at that time, Mr. Yanagieda had been trying to hit the daytime seat in Kanazawa in Kyobashi for three years, but I wanted to be a good rakugoka, but I worked here without pay for studying. The reason for being unpaid is that originally only 15 or 20 customers come. Therefore, because there was no dressing room in [# "Tende"], this was a training place for rakugoka to appear for free. In the summer, I couldn't buy a Western umbrella, so I chewed my cheeks and went into the dressing room. The color turned black, and I was often ridiculed as if you went to the trendy sea bathing. .. Everyone uses a lunch box in the dressing room to go to the vaudeville seats in the daytime, but I don't have that lunch box, so I went out to the table saying "I'm going to eat a little bit of rice" and put it between my collar and my collar. I used to hold an old toothpick diagonally and say something sloppy, like, "Oh, I can do something a little bit", and I came back with a look like I ate it. One day, I left this dressing room in Kanazawa without a nosebleed even if I touched it upside down, and when I came over Kyobashi, my old man's beggar, Okomo, was in front of me for seven or eight coins. Side by side, I'm bowing to you. Ah, there's something in a certain place, and when I was staring at it, the beggar suddenly stood up and took the money to my pocket, and went somewhere creepy. It was a big laugh. However, this beggar's old man has another story at a later date. After that, when I went to Kanazawa after I got somehow, I was sitting on this old man Kyobashi and bowing, so I felt sorry for myself, so I took out a coin. When I tried to do it, I saw Hyoi and my face, and when the old man waved his hand and refused, "Ah, I don't need you," it was a big laugh. It was also abandoned by Marici, "Sekitori Senryo Nobori", but it was me who was abandoned by the beggar, even though it was widespread in the entertainment world. Let's do it. But only then, I had a strange feeling [# "emphasis mark"].
In the meantime, I couldn't even go to the daytime seat this time. So I don't know if it has a collar on the night, but in the daytime it's rude to the customer and I can't wear such a strange color.
Because there was no choice, I went to Ashikaga with four or five of my predecessors, Mr. Yanagijo, who died. Then, only seven customers come on the first day. No matter where you are, this won't let you go binary or ternary.
Even when returning to Tokyo, there are only four people's road money to the heads of five people. I had no choice but to come to Ashikaga's play by chance, and I was fortunate that the old-fashioned Tokiwazu Kamatayu had come to the play. After receiving the treasure, I ran after everyone.
However, when it ’s foolish, it ’s also foolish, is n’t it? What is that on the way? There is a ferry "I". I don't have this fare. However, I can't cross even if I swim. When I was completely at a loss, I went to a set-up shop right next to the help of the heavens, and a dirty old woman with a quick-acting paper on her forehead played the shamisen and made a salty voice like a goze song. I'm singing things and doing kadozuke. When I jumped into it and forcibly asked the old woman to play Dodoitsu and sang a couple of times, there were some Tokyo-like craftsmen who were eating rice near the entrance. He threw the money "Ashi". The joy of rising to heaven at that time. Immediately I split it in half with my grandmother, and thanks to that, I was finally able to cross the pass and return to Tokyo.
After a while, I went to Yokohama with the master Tsubame's troupe, "Honzen", and that night, a brother named Toshie called me a cow called Mantetsu. Take me to the shop, you're sure to get ahead, my mentor has never praised anyone's tricks, but that's what you said tonight. After listening to "Honzen", it became completely unheard of for a while. When there was a rakugoka like this in the past, he said that it was a hit [# "bukkake" as a side point], because it was a really rare hit. He encouraged me to study hard (although this year's branch and another one, Tsurueda, who also died, were the time when I escaped to the beggar's old man in Kyobashi. Even if you've exhausted your love for your life and asked if you should stop talking about rakugoka, please be patient, even if it's painful for both of you. It was my patronage that made me stop, so I asked them to stay in front of me until I died after I raised the sign in return for gratitude. ).
I heard that Yakamasiya's master, Tsubame, praised me, and I wasn't really happy about it, but to tell the truth, at that time I wasn't completely attentive to that. Ten years and one day-rain after cloudy, snow and storm after rain, and this repetition all year round, I have never seen a single day, and now I am completely motivated because the beginning of the day was gorgeous. Was terrified and rotten.
Really, that's right. I can't believe it. Toshie-san is happy to say that because I like him.
Just thinking about it, I bowed only in shape but did not show a particularly happy face, and I was more happy with the beef for the first time in a long time, and I was disappointed from one end. However, even when it's rotten so much, only the butterbur sprout of the nature doesn't recover, and I mistakenly bite the green onion three times, and I'm gonna bite the green onion three times. I let you wipe it out.
But.
It soon became clear that the compliment of this master, Tsubame, was not the joy of Mr. Toshieda. After returning home, Asada in Hatchobori was a double signboard of Master Yanagisakura and our master, and at this time, the master put up a new Western story called "Three Men in France" over Sanyu's Encho. I made it, but there is the same breathing place as "Honzen" in it. Then, I was told to listen to one tonight because your "honzen" that I heard in Yokohama was so good, and I knew for the first time that it wasn't a compliment to Mr. Toshie. As I was told, when I played "Honzen" that night, I was struck by my master with a laugh, saying that it was better than when I was in Yokohama, probably because I was listening to it tonight. After that, when I was taken to a place where no one came in the back of the dressing room, Pittari and the master sat there, and you were really thin with me, and as soon as you became a disciple, you were in Enji. I was hung up on Yanagieda's hand salt, and then I was borrowed by the fan song master "Tebito", so I rarely listened to Takaza, but today I will teach you various tips for storytelling. Let's do it, the key point of drunkenness is this, and the peasant must look like this, the rakugo is such a hand, the craftsman puts his hand here, and the samurai shoulders He put his hands on it, and when he was a daimyo, he taught me the language movements of each of the samurai, agriculture, industry, and commerce in a short amount of time. All of them were so angry that they were groaning. I felt the refreshing feeling of washing my inferior "art" kimono with the finest dyeing powder all at once. It was a feeling that my body and soul were fat and fat.
Even though it was.
After all, it doesn't sell. I can't sell it, Karakki [# "Karakki" is an emphasis mark]. Not only that, it's too terrible to gradually squeeze into two of the three houses and one of the two.
When this happened, I wasn't grudged or rotten, but seriously got angry from the bottom of the sword.
It ’s not a joke, it ’s a joke.
Please try it.
If you think that there is something to see in the lie, Master Tsubame will also be close to Komuka and show me the key points and forgiveness of "art" generously. It must have been closed.
But when it didn't sell, I knew, everyone was fooling me because I wanted to stop by.
If you just said sloppy bullshit, you would be happy to put out your red tongue behind the scenes.
Let's say that people, the world, and the world are grudges, and in the end, the people around us are no longer envious and envious. Everyone was a human being, they were all enemies, and when I saw people, I thought I was a thief, so I couldn't believe anyone. It seems that I often refer to wars, but please think that it is because of this scene tonight. In other words, it seems that there are cases like this in that war, no matter how much you fight, the enemy's large army will only increase, and if you decide that you are going to die here and rampage in a rampage, you will not know it. It was exactly the same when I woke up my warrior Yanhachi to kill Chan and all the enemies ... that, hurray again, a lot more than before, and a lot of songs. Oh, oh, * [# song symbol, 1-3-28] The road is 680 ri--that song, you know, you sang this a lot during the Sino-Japanese War, right? When I hear this song, I feel like I really won the war for the first time. Hurray, hurray, hurray, hurray again. Oh, and the band is also mixed, Dongara Dongara is brave. Hey, hey, why don't you go up from this clothesline to the fire lookout tower on the big roof and take a look? The sky is blowing, but if you use that big guy to keep the economy going, it'll be as bad as the wind. They are Japanese to each other. Let's do the hurray from a high place at least in a good economy.


Below

As expected, it answers a lot. Uru, it's cold. But all the people in line like that must be enthusiastic and excited. Thanks to that, a little liquor has awakened. Ha ha ha.
Let's continue to talk about the story of the body that remains a little more after this awakening.
After resenting and resenting the world, I wonder if I couldn't sell it like this. I often put my hand on my chest and thought about it.
Then this theory was immediately understood. In other words, no matter how much they are praised by their friends, in other words, customers will not be happy. In the first place, the seating bower is up to the customer, and if the customer is happy, the pumpkin will open the gate and the gate will open as soon as the pumpkin and the eggplant are in Nanjing. The answer came out like this. Then, how can I make customers happy? Rather, the whole thing is something that customers shouldn't be happy with.
Things are something to think about. It's something to think about, think about, and think through. Heaven helps those who help themselves. Before I thought about how to make me happy, I realized that I wasn't happy, and when I realized that, the flowers in my heart opened with a snapping sound like a lotus flower.
It was gloomy, my trick was. Originally, the tone was mushy and heavy, and the fact that it wasn't suitable for living was also a factor in making my high seat dark and dull, and it was quite sensible and gloomy.
For that reason, Keren who tickled his armpits and forcibly laughed at the customers did not have any dew, so the teacher Enji, the dead Enji, Toshieda, Tsurueda and all of them were all Keren's. No, I guess he praised me a little for the fact that it was the main point, but in fact it was nothing else.
However, no matter how serious it may be, customers, especially those in the midst of these wars, want to wash away the tiredness of the day with a laugh and work twice for the country tomorrow. So to speak, they come to the yose to purchase the source of their energy, so the gloomy art that looks like a blind stripe, just like hitting a stone bridge like me, is about It would have been a nuisance.
If it isn't the compliment of friends, it's also true that customers aren't happy and therefore unpopular. Oh, so who has a grudge [# "emphasis mark"]?
When I realized this for the first time, I immediately realized that I was in the Imozuru ceremony, so far I shouldn't do stinking tricks, I'll refrain from Keren, I'll just think too much about it, but the main point I was convinced that the art of No. was just a dry one with no meticulous taste and no taste. should not. That shouldn't be the case. Unless it's not bad, it's good, it's mainstream, and the taste is so delicious that you want to sift it. Then, how can the taste come out, and how can the main and funny taste come out and make everyone happy?
As an answer, for the time being, I came up with various things such as the following.
First of all, every person has various characteristics, good and bad. Some of us rakugoka have long tongues and some have short tongues, and each person has a different tone. We should make good use of the strengths and weaknesses of each, and finally turn the weaknesses into strengths. right. No matter how much you believe this is the main idea, you can't do it well if it doesn't match your pattern and tongue, so you won't be happy at all.
In the end, I have no choice but to use my own figure as a foundation to make flowers bloom and bear fruit. It is natural to be scolded if you unnecessarily break the branches of the cherry blossoms in another person's house. Shosen's "art" is nothing more than discovering one's own treasure within oneself. I thought about this.
Then, the next problem immediately occurred here. So what are the characteristics of this self? I thought about this, but it came to be that it would be the following three.
The first is the throat. It's a song. Whatever it is, Tokiwazu family Jutayu. Tokiwazu is, of course, the ultimate, and other small songs | Hauta, which is strange to say by myself, is that a fledgling musician can sing so much that he is not an enemy.
The other two features are not good, but rather bad, but they are rare for rakugoka and have a heavy mouth. One more thing, that habit is ridiculous. Well, that's it. By the way, I have decided to make all three of them my strengths.
Until now, I was stupid, let alone, and I didn't sing at all in any story because it wasn't in the original story I was taught. This is a ridiculous treasure rot. Immediately after that, whether it was a "natural disaster", "Chihaya Shake", "Kogon Koubei", or "Alternative", Nakahachi-san, Kuma-san, sometimes the landlord, the retired-san, and Jobanzu at the key point. I decided to make a little bit of a song and a bit of a song. The story became very bright, and there was even a cheer at the song, and the front and back were shining at the water's edge.
In order to make the most of the heavy tone, the main characters, Hachi-san and Kuma-san, were made to be moz-moz and stupid men as they were, and pushed through with a moz-moz-like humor. Most of the other people, Hachisankuma-san, just screamed from the top of their heads and sprinkled things like Bella Bella Bella Bella Tonchinkan [# "Tonchinkan" as an emphasis mark]. I was struck by the customers, and I received this completely. "Nekokyu", "Mizuya no Tomi", "Kasago", "Godoro", "Tenshiki", all of them are happy to have this breathing man out. Did.
The one side of me who was so lonely went to the ground exactly like "Horiuchi", "Sokotsu Nagaya", and "Nail of Roughness". I don't know, but since I'm really afraid, there seems to be something that is different from the storytellers of other people who just remembered it, and I was happy with it.
Above all, Hachisankuma-san, who was flirting with the music, and the quiet shop in the ground, my story became bright, funny, and gorgeous so much that it couldn't be compared with this alone. It seems that we are now able to comfort the customers who are in the middle of the war and are resting their tiredness, and above all, when I go up to the high seat. The crackling screams, and somehow I even started to lie, "I was waiting." When this happens, it seems to be a lie until yesterday when I was grudged about everyone. For the first time, I have felt that the chicken at dawn is telling Totenko and the time in my heart.
By the way, every time I say that the acidity in my mouth becomes sour, the entertainer is the first art. You can do your own tricks first, and then naturally become popular. If you want to sell your name in a hurry, or if you blindly attack the name of an old big signboard, the world is unexpectedly not sweet and you can not sell it. Ability-After all it is ability. Then it can be said that there is nothing else. The worst human beings can't be sold just because they are good, though. In other words, even a soldier is not said to be a true soldier unless he is a man who has flowers and fruits. It is the same as that [# "that" is an emphasis mark] that is often said to be a samurai if he is not a samurai. Probably. At the same time, the one who will become popular by himself after he has done his own "art" is not well understood by us if this is also said in the war, but there are so many cannons, guns and warships. Even if there is, if the person who uses it must be a samurai who seems to be a true samurai, the warship will not win, which is exactly the same reason. It seems that it was the next war. The reason why Japan, which is a small country, has won so much and has become so popular is because all the military personnel who have a good soul in Japan have already been completed. That's why even if you turned a good warship or cannon against a great power, you could have such a remarkable game. Hey, you must be that.
The story was a digression with Matachiyo.
Just as I was about to be happy with the customers like that, there was a story from Master Kosan Yanagiya to my master, and I feel sorry for giving such a boring name to Kataro forever. Kosanji Yanagiya became a master of Kosanji Yanagiya again with the consent of his teacher, Tsubame, because he wanted to attack Kosanji. It was named. Then, shortly after becoming Kosanji, there were only about 10 people at night at that time, so one person played about 30 minutes each, but one night at Suehiro in Ningyocho, Bunraku The next Tsubameji of the person I mentioned earlier, and Katsujiro Kiyari are still in Umegae, and these three people have been closed in a row. If this happens, you will have to speak alone for less than two hours, no matter how you perform roughly, including these three people and your own. In front of you, there is no two hours in the storyteller. If you want to forcibly extend it, it's about Sekiyama to add miso by squeezing a yawn [# "yawn" on the side] on the way with Aa. So, that night I sprinkled enough pillows [# "emphasis marks on the pillows"] and this was thirty minutes, then I played "child farewell" and inside for an hour, and if I was still down, it was twenty minutes I know there are thirty minutes, but if you play for such a long time and get bored, nothing will happen. Then, I stopped doing it, and Ato screamed cheerfully for 20 minutes. Apparently, before I heard the voice of going down here, a later person came to a good Shioume, so I went down to the dressing room. Then, how about the current grandmother of Suehiro, who is a very noisy grandmother you know, but while she smiles at the world, she said to me that she had a hard time and that it was a special painful fare. Gave me. Even though it was a silver coin that I cherished at the time when the silver coins were scarce, one fifty-sen silver coin, and the wrapping paper says "To Daisanji-san". When I asked Mr. Daisanji, he told me that he wasn't far from Kosanji, and that he would be Daisanji now, and then Suehiro, one of the best in Tokyo. Tei puts on the Twelve Yanagiya faction a year, but he always uses me for that, so I'm getting easier to live. Then, in January of the 28th year of the Meiji era, it was just a time of consecutive victories in the Sino-Japanese War, so I shouldn't remember more on an evening like tonight, but this is also the famous Nihonbashi Kihara store. In March, I was told that Kiharadana would let me take a true hit. In addition, the old master Yanagiya and the old master Tachibana-tei from Shinishi-cho joined us, and the name of the unexpected little boy was given to us by the current master. Mr. Kosan was a well-known person who was a fluent speaker, so Mr. Jun Matsumoto thought that it was as if a little bird was singing. , I have the opposite muffled talk, so I became a member of Mr. Kosan Yanagiya. By the way, Kosan Yanagiya, who was a master of humanity with a pockmarked face, was small at Shunfutei [# "Shunfutei"]. I would like to reiterate that, first of all, comedians are about performing arts, and then you, who are popular, will not leave Hyakuri's path, and will sweat and run after you.
In March, when I was finally happy with the Nisshin Kowadanjo, I also raised the signboard of Mr. Kosandaime. At this time, prominent people such as Imazu and Kushida on the banks of the Uogawa River say that they will prepare the curtain for Chirimen, so don't do that. If I honestly said that I couldn't do it and I had to make the curtain a rice shop or something, I would rather like it as an honest person who is rare for entertainers, and I like the cotton lantern called fish crepe. The white curtain and the lanterns of the higo bones were put out to the customers every night. With this, it finally became popular, and every night there was a big entrance, and the rest of the banquets and everywhere were big entrances. Apparently, I came to this day without messing up Kosan's name. But don't forget to dance up to 100 sparrows. Only the quiet shop is unlikely to be repaired for the rest of my life, even when I raised the first signboard to the Kihara store, I moved to a new house in Suwa-cho to celebrate the luck, but on the way back from the public bath, my neighborhood It would be nice if God asked me to order the moving soba to be distributed to, and I left the Burari house with a towel in my hand, but on the way back from the hot water, I inadvertently entered the next house and went up. When it turned bright red and I accidentally jumped out with my body, I opened the lattice door of the house next to it again and finally came back to my house for the third time, but at once The god next door came to replace my forgotten cigarette holder and the wrong clogs. What's more, even though I forgot to order Kanjin's moving soba, my amiability and myths were exhausted. It's unlikely that this rough will be fixed for the rest of my life, so at least I'll play "Rough Nagaya" and "Rough Nail", which I play in Takaza, and "Hori no Uchi" at best. I think there is no other way than to make up for it.
Please replace the seat with the rest around here until you raise the signboard of Kosan's true hit. Ha ha ha ha.



Bottom book: "Entaro Tachibansha, Iruru Masaoka Yose Novel Collection" Kawade Bunko, Kawade Shobo Shinsha
First edition issued on August 20, 2007
Parent book of the bottom book: "Yose Koimucho" Japan Old Book Center
December 1971 (Showa 46)
Input: Hiroshi Kadota
Proofreading: Sensui Ebisu
Created December 10, 2008
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
