Afterimage of the first trip
Yoshishige Abe

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Takanawa << Takanawa >>

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Takayama | Ishizuchi

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) Old man [# Emphasis mark on "old man"]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

The first trip here does not mean the trip of the new year, but the first trip in life, and to explain it further, it is the experience of staying at an inn for the first time in life. The other day, when I was reading the text "First Trip" by Mr. Terada, I suddenly remembered my own first trip and became motivated to write and see it.
My first trip was around the first year of junior high school, so it was my fourteen summers. It was the 29th year of the Meiji era, the year after the Sino-Japanese War. The purpose of the trip was to climb Mt. Ishizuchi, the first high mountain in Shikoku. When I was a boy, I used to refer to the people who climbed Mt. Ishizuchi as "Yamayuki". In the summer, the sound of conch shells that strangely arouse children at home sometimes echoes. We went out to the streets saying "Sorao Yamayuki Jiya", and from that "Oyama Line" we had a branch of Ishikusu flowers. All of the "Oyamako" people are wearing white costumes, white kyahan, and white backs, and it seems that they are a group of villages led by their predecessors. I don't remember having the branches of Ishikusuhana, so I'm not sure if they were always on the way home or what happened to the people on the way back. It has been often heard since childhood that the devoted and false-speaking people are thrown away by the tengu, as in any sacred mountain.
Limiting the small Dogo Plain that surrounds Matsuyama City, there is Mt. Takanawa in the north, and Mt. Shoji, Misaka Pass, Kitagamori, Late Koshi Pass, Ishizumisan, etc. across the south and east. The shape of Renmine standing up against the wind was approaching the boy's eyes with the power of Takayama. In the eastern corner, Mt. Ishizuchi, which has a concave shape, is deeply reserved, and depending on the weather at that time, it looks black, faint, purple, or pure white. Was a long and friendly dignity along with "Oyamayuki".
The one who took us to the mountain was the father of Mr. Shun Kishi, who is now at the Specie Bank, and we were the old man of Kishi [# "Emphasis mark"] (Oh) He was a person who was called (Mr. Ji), and although he was not a relative, he was a house that he was as close as his relatives. Aunt Kishi is Shiki Masaoka's mother church sister, and Shun is Shiki's cousin. I don't know what he was doing outside of the local bank auditors after he stopped the prefectural office officials, but he often took us to the sea and mountains to train ourselves. He went. It was this old man's claim that he had to do practical science based on "mathematical science", and he was a kind of person with a personality. The anxious father allowed him to go to the mountains because he was in command.
The group is the smallest of Shun's twelve, and Ito's Take, who is close to 20 years old, his younger brother Hide, Fujino's quasi-Hitoshi, Totsuka's Taka, and myself. There were eight younger brothers, all of whom were fifteen and six years old, and an old man. I thought it was one day in August, but when I left home at 3 o'clock in the dawn, we got up early and went out for breakfast with my mother's heart. At that time, my mother made a small dairy white miso soup at the behest of my father. I can't forget the taste of that taste. Considering that he had eaten such a fishy odor at the beginning of the mountain line, which is a sect of devotion, it seems that his father had little devotion. The outfit is a cotton uniform pretending to be frost, and the white leg bond seems to have been handmade by her mother. There was also a yukata with momohiki.
With a strawberry shoe, a small Yanagiyuki Lee-shaped lunch box was put in a tubular white cloth and hung on the shoulder, and I thought that there was almost no luggage. The seven tools of the alpinist were probably still unpopular in Japan at that time, much less in rural cities.
When it was still dim, I passed through Kume and Ifusho, which was just one ri. I heard from the old man that there is a Hachimangu shrine here, and that the stone marker there is the book of a calligrapher who used to be a priest here with Beizan Miwata, a priest of the Meiji Restoration. Was done. The impression of vaguely seeing the traces of the characters in the carefree semi-cursive script in the refreshing summer air has become something that I cannot erase. In the vicinity of Yokogawara Toifu station, the pine tree of the helmet and the old pine tree, which are common to the old pine tree, have the branches hanging down and the whole cone-shaped pine tree that resembles a helmet remains clearly. Kawakami Toifu Town, which is separated by only four ri, seems to have many large houses. At this point, I went to a dirty boiled restaurant (izakaya) on the highway and decided to open a lunch box for lunch, but the boiled sea urchin that I served there looked rotten, and to me, I hate it. It was just a little weird.
Whether it was on schedule or not, we decided to leave the highway and go to see the waterfall in Kawauchi Village. Moreover, on the way, the old man met a distantly related O, and stayed at the house that night. Perhaps it happened to meet in the town of Kawakami, and on the way to see the waterfall off the highway, Kamakuradou in Nonaka was from the pilgrimage period of Tokiyori Saimei-ji Temple. I don't know if I met him around the hall commemorating the stool stone that he called, and it was a waterfall. Mr. O's house was in front of Hachimangu Shrine in Kawauchi, and was a rough shop and also a tavern. The sand on the company border is white and there are many green trees around it, leaving a feeling of cleanliness. It seems that the reason why the former samurai were doing cute things is that there is a reason to think about it from now on. After resting at Mr. O's house, we went to see the white waterfall in the back of this place with Mr. O's guidance. I don't remember if I saw the Karakai waterfall, which is also called the white ino. What impressed me most was that a large rock rolled around in Tanigawa on the way, and a pine tree grew on it. It seems that it was very rare for a large tree to grow on a stone. On the way home, I got soaked in the rain, and returned to Mr. O's house, burned firewood and dried it in the square in front of me. Thank you very much for the warm rice for dinner. I just remember that the pumpkin was on the side dish. There was Mr. O's beautiful, cold-feeling aunt, a beautiful young lady who was wondering if she would be twenty-four or five, and a beautiful lady who was seventeen or eight years old.
The next day, we went up and down Nakayamakoshi, where cherry blossoms were planted along the roadside between the so-called "Sakura Sanri" and Sanri, and we went to the big head "Ohoto" in Ifu Village. The cherry blossoms were more leafy than solid, but the old trunk had a taste. There is a river down the mountain pass, a wooden bridge with a roof, and a small amount of water underneath [# "small" is mama]. There were a lot of fish that appeared in the sushi. When we spit on the column, it was fun to go up to the surface and try to catch it. There was a place called Ochiai near the head. The name comes from the place where the mountain stream is Ochiai. Tanigawa suddenly rushed between the light indigo rocks, and the boy's whole heart was tense when he screamed and made a thunderous voice.
I arrived at Oto no Yado when the sun was still high, but it was delicious that I ate somen noodles with chicken eggs at dinner.
This big head, Mr. Takeshi's classmate Watanabe, a good iron bar, and an ideally tight young man joined the party. This man was the son of a large house on the land, which was also a magnificent new mansion with a white-walled wall. On that day, I gradually went deeper into the mountains and reached Kurokawa on the hillside of Mt. Ishizuchi and a remote village with few houses. On the way, I sometimes ate in a cold village where there were only a few houses. Meanwhile, I took a rest at a mountain temple that was struck by rain and rusted by frost. I think it was Yokomineyama Daihoji. The mountain number is certain, but the temple name is suspicious. Here, a boy who was close to fifty (thought) had a monkey's eel-eyed eyes and wore a white coat, which he wrote across the white melon with a kitchen knife in the temple garden. I dried it. Then I went down a steep and long slope to Kurokawa and climbed again. The reason why I remember that the knee joints rattled and rattled every time I went down the slope and I really suffered was because I was the first to break the idea of the ease of going down the slope.
The owner of Kurokawa's inn was wearing a hakama. This is the same as the one used in Kiso and Tohoku. Even in the warm country of Iyo, if you go deep in the mountains, you will wear something. Near the tatami mat, which is darkened in the color of tatami mats and has a small alcove with a shaft of Nanmu Myōhō Renkakyo or something, a stone wall called Inogaki is set up to prevent the harm of wild beasts, and it is dried in the garden. The incense emitted by the savory tea struck my nose strangely. The vegetables served in the shallow red-painted bowl that I searched for for dinner that day are probably potatoes. At that time, potatoes were not widely eaten in our town, but I wonder if they were planted in this mountain village as they grow up in the mountains.
The next morning, I got a lunch box at the inn and reached the top of the mountain. If you take the distance from here to the summit, it will probably be about two and a half ri. When you go to the first ri, there is a company called "Jiya Uji Yushiya". That is the head office, and the summit is the inner shrine. Until the company was fulfilled, there were many trees, and I can only remember that there were many fir trees and that the road under the trees was cool. A few times after that, not too far ago, I dreamed of a view of Mt. Ishizuchi from this company. Although the impression of the actual trip is not attached, in the dream it is attached, and the appearance of the mountain is much more colorful and pictorial. In one dream, I wore clogs and came here in the afternoon, and I was wondering if I could go up and down the mountain by the evening. However, at the same time, I was able to see the view of the rocky mountain at the top at least once near the company. It seems that it became the edge that connects my dreams.
From here, it was unusual to see the bamboo grass growing on the ground like a felt, and the small five-leaf pine trees growing on it like a garden tree. There is Sanjo on the cliff of the chain near the summit, and all the climbers are supposed to change the straw shoes before the first chain, and the rocky roads there are corroded deposits of the straw shoes. It was black, soft and damp. It was a rugged rock ridge, and a small shrine was placed there. We ate lunch at the rocks near the summit, when a cold wind blew from the heavens and clouds came from below as we saw it. While I was watching it, I was kind of scared, but Watanabe was taking a nap with his elbows as a pillow. I was deeply moved and envious of the thickness of the gallbladder. For a while, I was deeply ashamed of this horror, but when I think about it now, the experience of being scared by the power of nature like a boy was not meaningless. At the same time, Mr. Watanabe, the owner of this iron-like body that envied me, died in junior high school.
It seems that there was almost no view at the top because of the clouds. However, I could see an obelisk-like stone pillar called a scapolite standing slightly below. We were hungry and went down to the office, where we found black barley rice with almost no rice. My brother hated Hirao barley rice, but even with this hunger, he couldn't give in to the knots.
The next day, along the white stone mountain stream at the edge of the Kamo River, I went to Saijo Town through Ofuki and Ifu Village. On the way, I saw a lot of Arai potatoes, which are said to be delicious in our hometown and appear in Shiki's song, in the fields of the mountains. I had severe diarrhea from the clam soup in Saijo no Yado, and the next day I and Hide were sent by rickshaw to an acquaintance in Imabari on the road of Hachi and Kuri, and the next day I boarded a steamship for the first time and Mitsu near Matsuyama. I came back to the beach. I wrote the afterimage of the trip for 6 nights and 1 week as it is without looking at the map, but it seems that there is no interest for outsiders.



Bottom book: "Furusato Literature Museum Vol. 44 [Ehime]" Gyosei
First edition issued on October 15, 1993 (Heisei 5)
Parent of the bottom book: "Complete Works of Contemporary Travel Literature, South Japan Edition" Shudosha
1960 (Showa 35)
First appearance: "Chugai Shogyo Shinpo"
January 8-10, 1937 (Showa 12)
* The bottom book is a large scale of "ga" (ward number 5-86) used for counting things and place names.
Input: Juki
Proofreading: Hino Totori
Created January 1, 2017
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
