The story of a mouse, a small bird, and an intestinal stuff
Grimm
Translated by Genkuro Yazaki

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Little bird << Kotori >>

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) Lottery [# Emphasis mark on "lottery"]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

Once upon a time, a mouse, a small bird, Kotori, and an intestine, became a middle-aged man, and had a family. For a long time, everyone lived well and made a lot of fortune.
The work of the little bird was to fly around in the forest and pick up firewood. Mice are the role of drawing water, setting fire, and preparing food. After that, the intestines were supposed to be boiled.
Too happy is something that you want to do something new. That's why one day, the little bird was to another bird, talking about the wonderful happiness of his own body, and he was very happy. However, the bird
"You're an idiot. You're doing your own work, but the other two are doing it at home."
I made a fool of a little bird.
I see, that's true. After all, once a mouse has been set on fire and filled with water, it can rest until it is told to go into its own habitat and prepare it. All you have to do is to have your intestines near the earthenware pot and watch the simmered food. In the meantime, when it becomes rice, if you roll the rice porridge and the boiled porridge at most four times, the oil and salt will stick well. , I want to finish it. A small bird, Kotori, returns there and unloads the heavy load. So, when everyone finishes eating rice, they sleep soundly until tomorrow morning. Indeed, it's a truly wonderful life.
The small bird was given wisdom to other birds, so the next day,
"I've been doing the work of my younger man for a long time. It's like you were being ridiculed. Here, I changed my role and did something different. Let's try it. "
However, I never tried to go to the forest.
Not only mice but also intestines squeezed to come to the little bird, but the little bird couldn't stop at all. So, I had to try it anyway, so we all tried to draw a lottery [# "emphasis mark"]. Then, I got a lottery on my intestines, so I decided to go get the firewood. Then, this time, the mouse became the cooking number "Ryoriban", and the little bird played the role of drawing water.
So what happened?
The intestines were pointed at the forest and went out. On the other hand, the little bird Kotori set fire, and the mouse prepared a fluffy pan. In this way, I just waited for the intestinal stuff to come back with the firewood.
However, the intestinal stuffing will never come back. So, they became worried that their intestines might have gone wrong. So, the little bird jumped a little.
Then, not too far away, there was a dog on the side of the road. Poorly, when this dog looked at his intestines, he caught him as if nothing had arrived and killed him. The little bird is facing the dog
"Well, whoever sees you is a robber."
I made a big statement.
However, for dogs,
"I found that intestinal stuffed guy carrying a number of fake letters, so I stopped the root of his breath. That's it. "
So I had no choice.
The little bird returned with a firewood and a firewood. Then, I asked the mouse to tell me what I had seen and heard. The two became completely lonely, but nevertheless, they made a firm promise to do what they could and to stay with them forever.
For this reason, the little bird Kotori did the junk at the dining table, and the mouse prepared the food. And the mouse decided to prepare the rice completely. So, just as the intestines did before, I decided to go into the soil pot, roll around in the porridge, and add some flavor to it. However, the mouse became unable to move before it was in the middle. And it wasn't enough to just lose the skin and hair, but also the life.
A small bird came and tried to line up the food, but I couldn't see the cooking number 《Ryoriban》. The little bird was in a hurry, fluttering firewood here and there, yelling and searching around. But I can't see the cooking number anywhere.
While I was careless about this, the fire went into the firewood and it became a fire. The little bird rushed to get water. However, the little bird also flirted with the water-filled well. In this way, the little bird couldn't do anything anymore, and while he was rushing, he finally drowned in the water and died.



Bottom book: "Grimms' Fairy Tales (1)" Kaiseisha Bunko, Kaiseisha
June 1980 (Showa 55) 1st printing
June 49, 2009 (Heisei 21)
* The title is "The story of a mouse, a small bird, Kotori, and an intestine."
Input: sogo
Calibration: Chieco
Created February 26, 2021
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (https://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
