"Peace" issuance
Kitamura Tokoku

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Since then

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Time |

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Numbers are JIS X 0213 area area number, or original page and number of lines)
(Example) * [# "Mountain + Corner", 72-Top-23]

/ \: Double dance character (repeated symbol in the shape of a vertically lengthened "ku")
(Example) Suppression << In the first place / \ >>
* Double the dance character with dakuten is "/" \ "
-------------------------------------------------- -----

In the fall of the 22nd year of the Meiji era, a small number of volunteers met to organize a peace society. Since then, he has been studying this issue together with his fellow comrades, but the time has come and a small magazine has been published in Koga. I apologize to my compatriots for their prosperity.
The character of peace became a new 《Ara》, and it was even more novel for non-Christians. In addition, it is a moral problem that is not convenient for watching the world. However, as long as we are in the world of religion, as long as we do not leave the world of human consensus, I believe that it will be an indispensable and far-reaching problem for those who are "peace." Zu. Under the religion of Rikkyo University, I am the one who devoted the truth of the brothers, Keitei, to the truth of the brothers, and defeated the truth. I believe that there is nothing more serious than the shame of humankind because of the wounds. I say that I am under the Rikkyo University. Rikkyo University, chanting morality, respecting the sincerity, whether it's a sword or a spider, I'm glad to join the siblings. As a young family, as a sibling, not as an advocate of this problem, but as a prosperous and steady religionist, he is good at dealing with the reasoning power of the world and the sincerity of people. As "Ahite", I have to do my vocation.
Suppression << first / \ >>, peace is my last ideal. Outside the tomb, the one who rests on me | At the end, I don't know what this is, I mean, stop. However, as long as I can make it my ideal by "healing" the spider and the ultimate heaven and earth, "cradle" of "peace" finally puts me to sleep again. Believe in something. Suspicion between people, between Japan and between countries "Saigi" Deception "Henman" If it ends like "Hello" today, the purpose of religion | Religion. The strong stalks the weak flesh, and the weak is forced to perish at last. If you control the human world for a long time, you will seek somewhere as a human primate. Governor, Buddha, Confucius, someone who cannot forbid the struggle and injuries of humankind.
Moreover, it has been a long time since he was a husband and a husband, and he was afraid of humanity, and he was afraid of the heavens and the earth. Especially in Europe. I wonder if the light of the sweet religion is covered by the dark black clouds and laughs on the Tenma curtain. Now, with no Napoleon of yesteryear and Ihedo, we can make a new one in every day of the progress of weapons, and make it among other swords of the sword. It's easy to entrust it to the flames. A certain politician said that the war from the beginning is likely to be a racial war, so it will be a dust war, or a dust war, and it will stop until the city is transformed into a wilderness. It's a coincidence that I introduce you to the world of peace.
Now, "peace" is one | Insulator, is out in the world. Wisdom, rushing ahead, route | 峭 * [# "mountain + corner", 72-top-23] "Sekaku". It is the place where I am desperately responsible for the fact that I am not in the place of my wishes, but that I am the one who leads the world's intellectuals to move the world's intellectuals. Be. Furthermore, I would like to say that I am in parallel with religion, and I am trying to reach my hope by being in tune with my morale. Remember that war is not the sin of a politician, but is caused by the clouding of humanity's heart. Fortunately, a scholar of Jianghu will come and teach me, and I will be the one who speaks Tsushin. I'm asking for Orang, and I'm afraid I'll be the one who's foolish. There is no one who wants to love his neighbor.
[# Raise two characters from the ground] (March 25th year of Meiji)



Bottom book: "Contemporary Japanese Literature University 6 Kitamura Tokoku / Aizan Yamaji Collection" Chikuma Shobo
June 5, 1969 (Showa 44) First edition first edition issued
November 10, 1985 (Showa 60) First edition 15th edition issued
First appearance: "Heiwa Ichigo" Heiwasha (Honda-kai)
March 15, 1892 (Meiji 25)
Input: kamille
Proofreading: Atsushi Suzuki
Created January 27, 2005
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
