room
Yuriko Miyamoto

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) What << what >>

｜: Symbol of the boundary between kanji without ruby and kanji with ruby
(Example) Advance / retreat | Valley "Kiwa"

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) Sa is [# "emphasis mark"],
-------------------------------------------------- -----

One

The second floor was in charge [# "sao" as an emphasis mark], but half-faced from behind the shoji and whispered in a small voice.
"One inch, Hyakuyo-san, please come and see."
Hyakuyo, who was doing his homework at the desk, looked up at [# "sao" as an emphasis mark] from below like a child.
"What"
Sao [# "sao" as an emphasis mark] was repeated while paying attention to the entrance by turning the neck enough to rub the shoji paper with the ginkgo sword.
"-Well come and see."
"What's wrong, what's coming?"
Sao [# "Sao" as an emphasis mark] brought a hundred generations to the side of the telephone room, and pressed her shoulder standing in front of her.
"Look from here"
I made my body hide behind the telephone room. It was a place where you could see the whole view of the entrance at a glance under the floor child step up to the second floor. Hyakuyo gently looked at the wide Sanwa soil while grasping the fact that he was standing behind him [# "sao" as an emphasis mark]. She suddenly looked like she was holding her breath and turned her sword toward [# "sao" as an emphasis mark].
"--Isn't it Suzuki?"
"--Is that so? I thought it was so. I too .........."
The two enthusiastically looked into the entrance with their heads piled up again. While peeking, Hyakuyo asked.
"--I wonder if I'm coming home"
"Western people"
At the entrance, my parents were out and waiting. When Hyakuyo came, he seemed to be able to talk about it, and what he said was that his mother shook his fat shoulders on his knees.
"Well, you're saying something interesting."
I was laughing happily.
"-Then what-let's see the room?"
Mother turned to the back and suddenly loudly
"Osa [#" Sao "is an emphasis mark] Don"
Hyakuyo shook his head. It seemed that I didn't get a reply immediately because I was surprised that [# "Sao" was an emphasis mark] was too close.
"Isn't it? [#" Sao "is an emphasis mark] Don"
Hyakuyo hurriedly reduced the [# "sao" to the emphasis mark]. Naturally,
"Okay"
[# Emphasis mark to "Sao"] sneaked out in a shy, bad wind.
"What's the matter, don't reply-eighth, like"
"Hah"
The appearance of Hyakuyo Hasa [# "Sao" as an emphasis mark] was strange, and I swirled around with my heels while wiping it out. A strong curiosity made her calm. A man who must have been Suzuki with a spring cloak lightly on one arm and a Westerner like a fat Elman with a face like a bath lined up and began to climb the floor just above her hiding. .. As the sound of the shrine became farther away, Hyakuyo went out to the board and looked up at his back. At the landing where I had climbed up, my mother looked back and looked down at Hyakuyo. Hyakuyo stopped blinking and expected to be glared at. The mother, however, turned the corridor as if she hadn't seen anything, with a strange look on her face.

"-I'm sorry, I'll be waiting for you the day after tomorrow."
"If you are on the left"
"Goodbye"
Hyakuyo jumped out to the front door, waiting for the sound of shoes to leave the paving stones.
"Mom, is it Suzuki in the cinema right now?"
"Do you know?"
"Because I'm always conducting.-What? What is that Westerner? Are you coming home?"
"That's right"
It seemed that not only the hundreds but also the parents were somewhat excited. Around the same time, when he entered the living room, his father, Tamekichi, first filled the pipe with cigarettes and silently took a break.
"Hey, that Westerner"
"--I want to go to the cinema next time and sing. I heard that I was in Yokohama until now, but it's difficult to get to Kanda, so I want to stay here."
"For real?"
Hyakuyo is
"Lovely!"
I clapping my hands and jumped up to dance while sitting.
"I know, then"
"You must know, I just came from Yokohama yesterday."
"No, I read it, you see, it wasn't a big announcement that the expert song would be heard from the next time."
Mother didn't wear it too much,
"Is that so?"
I answered.
"That's right, mom, wasn't it written that such a hidden genius of Itari vocal music?"
"-Hey, you-"
Ine, the one in the hundreds was sloppy and told the good people.
"--I wonder if this person is okay."
"What is it?"
"......... Westerners, it's the first time I've been in this business for many years-I'm totally stupid on the day when I was like my wife."
"Hmm, it was a bit sloppy. I didn't even dream of being a scholar until such a fuss.
Hyakuyo, who sat between his parents with his long shins on his legs, listened to the story with his father's mouth and his mother's mouth.
"Nene"
I started to glue.
"What's your name, that Westerner?"
"--La--somehow--what did you call Mr. Suzuki?"
"Laoro, Rayoro, whatever."
"Oh yeah Laoro, I thought it was a strange name, but I just forgot."
"Then, that's right, that person, there was definitely a letter" la "in Asuko-do you really come home? Mother, really?"
"Speaking of truth"
Ine lightly treated her daughter.
"Because-, mom-it's kind of like a lie, I ..."
"I'm a weird kid ... I don't think I have to rub that kind of feeling-that's my homework? Is that okay?"
Hyakuyo returned to the desk all at once. She couldn't keep up with the task of rewriting twenty English words into phonetic symbols anymore. While pretending to study, Hyakuyo was absorbed in writing a letter to Michiko, who was a mad singer.

Two

Tuesday when Laolo was moving was a six-hour class day. From the stop in Koka-cho to his house, Hyakuyo came back in a hurry so that the base of his legs became dull. When I entered the Matsudakan and the iron gate with the nameplate of the Setomono, I saw another maid talking with Sao [# "Sao" as an emphasis mark] under the straight floor child stage. [# "Sao" as an emphasis mark] immediately found Hyakuyo, who was facing the traffic.
"Welcome back"
I bent my knees.
Hyakuyo finally endured wanting to ask if Laolo had already arrived, and gently took off his shoes. When her mother's only daughter heard rumors about her maid and customers, she came out and scolded her. As I was messing around with my shoes with a little effort, as expected, [# "Sao" as an emphasis mark] handed a bowl of bananas and navel to another maid, went upstairs, and came to her side. .. Hyakuyo stood on the ceremony table.
"That stranger has come."
Hyakuyo felt like his chest was pounding.
"Did you bring the piano?"
"No--but it's strange, the stranger's sneeze is the same as the Japanese sneeze, Yahari Kushun, but I'm crazy."
"Unpleasant person! What are you doing now?"
"I'm going to work now, I still have friends."
At that time, from the second floor, I heard a big laugh with the maid removed and a laugh of hahahaha that seems to overflow from the thick body of Westerners. The two were surprised and looked up.
"If you're a person without specifications, if you're a source--"
Sao [# "emphasis mark"] shook his tongue annoyingly.
Hyakuyo went into the living room with a dashing footstep.
"Just now"
The father could not be seen, only the mother was sitting in front of the long fire bowl.
"Western people have come."
Ine stared at her daughter, who was wearing a girls' school uniform with a short hem, with a moody look that didn't make her fall.
"Well, why don't you change your clothes?"
Hyakuyo felt that not only the maid and herself, but also her mother-that is, there was something unusual in the whole house. She changed into a flashy muslin and ate eight in silence, hanging her hair on her chest.
Around 5 o'clock, when Laolo went out with two Japanese people, Hyakuyo felt that the mood in the living room had finally eased a little. The mother, who was anxious about the second floor and was unbearable, became the usual mother with a sharp eyebrow.
"--It's a problem because you're going to squeeze out [#" sao "as an emphasis mark], the source is ..."
Because he took a bath as soon as he returned from his place, he was shaving his nails with the edge of the bamboo blind. He answered casually.
"Anyway, it's a couple of days"
Hyakuyo asked like a soliloquy.
"I wonder if I'm going to sleep-that person"
"I don't think that's the case--hey, why don't you bring a sleeper?"
"Yes, it was a nightwear package."
"If you carry a sleeper, it won't fit in 6 tatami mats."
Hyakuyo wanted to know what kind of construction Laolo had in the room, and wanted to know, and became irresistible. When my parents talked about Laolo without any thought and tried to get used to it as soon as possible, the curiosity of a hundred generations arose. I feel that adults aren't settled down as they say in front of them so that they don't get stuck on purpose.
Hyakuyo went to the kitchen through the living room and the living room. Just at the beginning of serving, maids are gathering in front of the dining rack between the boards.
She climbed the back floor without making a noise, skipping two steps at a time while holding on to the handrail with one hand. I sneaked down the corridor with my toes like a cat cub, and no one could see me up to the porch that was bent in the hand of the key. It was a big prohibition at home for a hundred generations to climb upstairs. The rooms of No. 7 and No. 8 and the slightly better part are lined up and have a small edge. He came to the front of the shoji, but Hyakuyo was so scared that he couldn't open it. Laoro was sure to wear clothes with thin vertical stripes on a dark blue background, and went out with a silver-gray hat on his head with a slippery forehead. However, when I open the shoji screen, I feel that his laughter that echoes at the beginning of the meeting is likely to come even if he rolls over. Hyakuyo completely hid his body from the shoji that he was about to dawn, clenched his lower lip and held his breath, and slid the shoji on the threshold. From a gap of about five minutes, Hyakuyo first saw the unpopular tatami mats and the front glass window. I couldn't help but see the window glass reflecting the forest and twilight, and when I opened a little further, I saw the edge of the wicker chair painted in green. ――At this point, Hyakuyo became bold and opened the rest of the rest at once with a burst of screaming and jumping in his heart. However, when I opened it up, she suddenly moved forward and backward | There was a room with an unexpected sight like a valley. Does the cheerful vocalist Laolo have so much? There was only one green rattan chair in the room. There is still a photo of a Western woman with a big brooch hanging on the wall on her left. I'm just looking upside down at the empty room from the front window with a wide evening sky over the roof of a low barracks building in the neighborhood.
Hyakuyo put his hands on the left and right shoji screens and looked around the room with a surprised and incredible look. What did the maids want to see and want to come like that? Isn't this room strangely lonely? The dimly shining light gray wall is also lonely. The poisonous green chair in front of it is also lonely. The more I looked at it, the harder it was to look at it, and when I remembered Laoro's plump appearance, Hyakuyo had a strangely pitiful, annoying and crowded feeling. For a while, she looked at her lips in a straight line, but suddenly she turned her chin like a crap and sticked out her tongue to challenge her to the empty sad room. -She rushed down. The pink soldier band shook with emotion.



Bottom book: "Miyamoto Yuriko Complete Works Volume 2" Shinnihon Shuppansha
First edition issued on June 20, 1979 (Showa 54)
Issued the 5th printing on March 20, 1986 (Showa 61)
Parent of the bottom book: "Miyamoto Yuriko Complete Works Volume 2" Kawade Shobo
Issued in January 1953 (Showa 28)
First appearance: "Bungei Shunju"
July 1926 (Taisho 15) issue
Input: Takuji Shibata
Proofreading: Saiko Harada
Published January 23, 2002
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.