Extraordinary and ordinary man's suicide note
Ippei Okamoto

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Total << Yes >>

/ \: Double dance character (repeated symbol in the shape of a vertically lengthened "ku")
(Example) Not dying / \
-------------------------------------------------- -----

Cows and fish do not testament when they die. Birds and pine trees will not testament when they die. Only humans will testament. When I die, I look after others other than myself and leave a word of responsibility there. This is the reason why human beings are the primates of all things.

Every year on New Year's Day, there are two people who are well prepared to rewrite the will and testament as far as I know. I don't know how many copies I rewrote because both of them are quite long-lived. When asked if it would be necessary to rewrite it year by year, one person said, "Is the funeral car evolving year by year? One person said, "Because the thought of the will is getting old year by year." Both of them used the seriousness of writing a will to test their souls again. It's sly.

Zen people call the poem of a will a deceased, but there are usually types. One of them is the one that states his enlightenment that he never deviated from the madness for a second during his life and that he was the same for his life and for playing one claw. One of them is a self-deprecating tone that states that the world of eating and playing with sleepers has ended. It goes without saying that self-deprecation also shows off Satoru's feelings behind it. The other shows the attitude of entering the world of death. Both hell and Tendo are in a humorous tone that they shouldn't go through all of them.

When viewed from the right, there was a monk who showed his deceased by returning to the heart of the ordinary husband. In the early modern period, the mystery of Soyen Shaku is so. It's a way of dying, saying "I'm not dying / \". This is also considered to be quite stylish, although there are many precedents.

Momomizu Nao went to the point where he was quite clean in the same way as the ordinary husband, but even so, he left behind the remains of Takamine-style Kiyotsuki Shiro and somehow, and he was exposed.

Immediately after the will, Basho was asked by his subordinates for the phrase of the will, and I remember that all the ordinary phrases had to be the phrase of the will. It's too good to be too good and too exemplary to come to us.

At the time of death, ordinary people would have a terrible thought, such as illness, love for life, etc., or conversely, rebelliously pretending to see it, and I think that the very truth cannot be stated. Therefore, I think it is better to wash your knees and talk after your normal death. And I think it's better to ask a close relative to leave the matter after suffering death or illness.

I think that it is Hika Shima who loses peace of mind because he feels that he has changed his will.

People who die often set the constitution of the house and trace it, so it may be possible to keep the skeleton of the house for several generations with the power of death, but the human life of the contents of the house is less likely to be tested and it dies. It often becomes a thing. It is better to establish a human constitution than to establish a family constitution. Those who believe that they are megaliths in their family should write down their experiences of both good and evil and use them as a reference for their descendants' real lives.

As an ordinary person, I don't think there are so many wills. I don't have the life and thought to brag about myself, I can't be confident that I have enough to guide my descendants, and most of the people have some impressions of the human world in my life.ゞ I'm going to be in what I'm worried about--
Well, I think that if you explain a little about how to handle your surroundings to your family, you will be responsible for yourself.



Bottom book: "Japanese famous will, separate volume 17 will" Sakusha
Issued the first print on July 25, 1992 (Heisei 4)
Parent of the original: "Chuokoron-Shin"
September 1927 (Showa 2) issue
First appearance: "Chuokoron-Shin"
September 1927 (Showa 2) issue
Input: Tsuyoshi Watanabe
Proofreading: Tomoko Kanno
Published November 13, 2000
Revised December 14, 2005
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
