In the light
Kim Sa-ryang

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Dressing << Minari >>

｜: Symbol of the boundary between kanji without ruby and kanji with ruby
(Example) Really the best | Like the fierce man "Mosa"

×: Hidden letters
(Example) Not crazy

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) [# According to the note in the bottom ...]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

One

Haruo Yamada, who I was trying to talk about, was a really mysterious child. He refused to join the other children, and was always timidly wandering beside him. I've been bullied from beginning to end, but I try to disturb girls and small children behind the scenes. Also, if someone fell, he made a fuss as if he was waiting. He wouldn't love or be loved. As you can see, the hair is thin and the ears are big, and the eyes are white and a little creepy. And he was more dirty than any other child in the area, and even though it was deep in autumn, he was still wearing a gray, shabby frost. Perhaps because of that, his gaze looks even more gloomy and skeptical. But strangely, he never tried to tell him where he was. I have treated him a couple of times in front of Oshiage Station, such as on the way back from the university to the S Association. From the direction he walked, he seemed to live in the swamp behind the station. So one day I'm asking for this quality.
"Do you live behind the station?"
Then I hurriedly shook my head.
"No, my house is right next to the association."
Of course, it's a tremendous lie. On his way home from school, he took the trouble to detour here and come to play, and never returned until the night was over. I heard that he had eaten and had rice in his room more than once. I didn't pay much attention to him at first. But one night when I saw him squeezing food in a dimly lit old woman's room, I was surprised and stopped. "Strange," I told myself. But I wasn't sure what that meant. And he muttered "Strange" again. I couldn't remember how it looked like it seemed to me. Whether it's a small round back, a face, a mouth, or even chopsticks. In the end I was suffocating and left him silently. But after that, I didn't care much about him. One really strange incident happened between him and me. -
At that time, I was a resident (boarder) of this S University Association. Speaking of my job, I should have taught English for about two hours at night at the Citizens' Education Department there. Even so, the place was a factory district near Koto, and the people who came to learn were workers, so even though it was a two-hour class, it was a pain. For those who are tired from work in the daytime, everyone will be tired and drowsy unless they are too nervous.
The children's club is still energetic in the night club. Just below our classroom was the school, and I could always hear their noise. My students were surprised at the sound and sat down again. When the old piano started to ring, the children all sang the song, "We're healthy, let's grow up," with a lively force that seemed to fly even on the roof.
I think (it's already time), but it's too early, but this time there's a ruckus like grinding beans. The children run up the stairs first. When I was about to leave the classroom after class, I was immediately grabbed by the children and became like a pigeon keeper. The instep is on the shoulder, the second is clinging to the arm, and the second is steadily jumping up in front of me. Some come to my room by pulling on my clothes and hands, or pushing aloud later. When I tried to open the door there, the children who had been ambushed from the beginning tried hard to prevent it from opening. Here too, the children try to open it like an ant. At such times, Haruo Yamada was in the way.
"It's a relief. It's a relief. Ahhhhh."
While screaming, he performed a humorous dance in front of my nose. At last, when I sang a triumphant song and rushed in, the 67 girls who had been waiting for me in the room were delighted.
"Mr. Minami! Mr. Minami!"
"Hold me too"
"Ataimo"
"Ataimo"
By the way, I used to go to Minami-sensei in this association before I knew it. As you know, my surname should be read as Minami, but for various reasons it was called the Japanese name. My colleagues first called me that way. At first, I was very concerned about such a name. But later I thought it might be better to play with these innocent children. Therefore, I have repeatedly told myself that I am neither hypocritical nor subservient. And, needless to say, if he was a Korean child in this children's club, I would have justified myself that I would have insisted on calling myself South. That is because it must have an emotionally negative effect on both Korean children and inland children.
However, one night, one of my students came into a place where he was making noise with the children, with a face that looked like he was drawn to Masao. It was a cheerful young man named Lee who came to learn English and math at night while working as a car assistant. He stood in front of me in a challenging manner when he closed the door.
"Teacher" It was Korean.
I was surprised. I don't know what the kids mean, but I was struck by some harsh air and watched him and I in turn.
"Now, I'll play again later. The teacher has something to do from now on," I said, calming down and even smiling in my mouth.
The children went out all the time. However, Haruo Yamada's gaze pointed at a strange light and stared at me as if he was searching. I still can't forget the dim eyes. He walked sideways like a crab, hitting people and sneaking out.
"Well, call me." I spoke quietly in Korean when I was alone. "I didn't have the opportunity to talk to each other."
"Yes," Lee shouted while standing. "I didn't really know which language to speak to you," he said with a youthful resentment.
My answer, "Of course I am a Korean," was a little quivering. Perhaps he was at least concerned about his last name. Or, I couldn't feel calm, which must be proof that I had something subservient in my body. So I was a little upset about Ning, but I was sick. "Is it something you like?"
"Yes," he said in awe. "Why do even people like teachers try to hide their surnames?"
I was stuck in words with 咄 嗟 《Tosa》.
"Well, let's sit calmly."
"Somehow, I want to ask that. From the teacher's eyes, hip bones, and nose, I'm sure he's a Korean. It seems that he didn't do it. I'm an assistant to a car. Rather, people in the workplace like me often have a lot of trouble with their last name. " I started to scream. Why is he so excited? "But I don't admit that need. I don't want to be distorted, nor do I want to be subservient."
"It's totally." I said to moan slightly. "I agree with you, but I just wanted to have fun with the kids." In the hallway, the kids were still making noise and sometimes opening the door. He peeped with a runny nose, closed his eyes and showed his tongue out. "For example, if I were a Korean, some of those children's feelings toward me could be called curiosity in a bad sense other than affection. I think I'll come first. That's the first thing I'm lonely as a teacher. No, it must be scary. That doesn't mean I'm trying to hide that I'm a Korean. You just called me that way, and I just didn't admit that I needed to talk about myself as a Korean, but if you gave me that impression, I would. I can't make any excuses ... "
When I said that, among the children who opened the door and looked into it, there was one that suddenly shouted in a loud voice.
"Yes, the teacher is Korean!"
It was Haruo Yamada. At the moment, the corridor became shining. I couldn't help but eat a little. So I tried to calm myself down.
"Let's meet again and talk slowly"
Lee went out while waving his trap. A few children, including Yamada, seemed to run away. I was stunned. For a moment, I was inspired by the idea that I was a hypocrite like a lightning bolt. Downstairs, I could hear the sound of cancer and bells. The children made a noise and went down like a cloud, and the sound echoed as if it was from a distant place. Then Yamada, who gently opened the door and came in with a sneak foot, leaned back and looked into the room through the gap. then,
He said, "Fast Korean!" And showed his tongue out, and ran away again to be chased.
Since then, Haruo Yamada has become more and more mean and has followed me. It wasn't until then that I began to pay more attention to him.
If you think so, it seems that he had been suspiciously watching me for a long time. It was he who often imitated it and made it even more difficult when I sometimes got caught in the end of words and my tongue did not turn. He must have been glaring at me from the beginning as being from Korea. But he always followed me and often played pranks when he came to my room. Is it because he felt a kind of affection for me? However, since then, he seems to have been extremely shy of me, and he hasn't come very close to me, just wandering around me even more. Just like I'm poised to be nasty and happy in one corner. But I've always faced him with perhaps the most affectionate attitude of anyone. I would rather loosen him. And I decided to study him as much as possible and gradually guide him. I first thought this way. His poor family has been immigrating to Korea until now. At that time, he probably returned with a sense of superiority in the twisting, like a normal child who went to the outside. But one day I finally got angry with Makka. At that time, I went down to the school and played with the children, but after taking care of me a couple of times, I suddenly got angry at nothing and put my arm on the little girl beside me to the point of being brutal. I swung around and hit it. The girl ran away crying. While chasing him to run away
"Korean Zabare, Zabare--" he exclaimed.
Zabare is a Korean word that means to catch, and it was a word often used by indigenous people who emigrated to Korea. Of course, girls are not Koreans. I would say it to me. When I flew away and caught Yamada's collar, I ate my cheeks without looking back and forth.
"What do you do!"
Yamada quietly said nothing. However, it was at my mercy like a wooden figure. I didn't even cry. Then, while breathing violently, I looked up at my face from below. Especially my eyes were white. The children are swallowing the brim around me. It seemed to his eyes that a tear had ooze out. But he shouted in a quiet, tear-holding voice.
"Korean idiot!"

Two

Originally, the S Association is an organization of the neighborhood insurance business centered on Tei University students, and there are also the Citizen's Education Department, Purchasing Association, Free Medical Department, etc. It was a familiar presence in the area. For babies and children, of course, even in the small daily lives, it had a close connection that could not be cut off anymore. And there was also a "mother's meeting" between the mothers of the children who went here, and they gathered a couple of times a month to have spiritual negotiations and fellowship with each other. However, until now, Haruo Yamada's mother has never appeared. If you know your kid is coming here late into the night and playing, sometimes as a parent, even if not because of the warm gratitude to the college students involved like other mothers. Isn't it something that comes from worrying about children? -I was interested in this unusual child and thought that I had to know from his family like this.
Soon after, I called Yamada to my room when the children started to go out to camp somewhere on the plateau, taking advantage of the three days off on the weekend. I know that Yamada has never been able to take part in such an opportunity.
"How are you going?"
The boy was stubbornly silent. He was always skeptical in these cases, no matter how gentle he approached.
"Let's go, too"
“…………”
"What's wrong, you should bring your mom too. It doesn't matter if you're a dad, because someone's parents are supposed to come and consent."
“…………”
"Do you want to bring me?"
Yamada shook his head.
"Why don't you go?"
“…………”
"The teacher will pay the cost"
He looked up at me with empty eyes.
"Let's do that"
“…………”
"Would you like the teacher to go and talk with you?"
He shook his head again in a hurry.
"But I'll be waiting for three days, so I can't help but get the permission of my father and mother, right?"
"Does the teacher go to the mountains?" At that time, the boy finally asked. "Why don't you go?"
"Yeah, the teacher is no good, this time I'm going to stay at home."
"Then I won't go either."
He had a secret smile on his lips.
"Why?"
Then he peeled his teeth and showed his chin sticking out like an idiot.
In this way, I was thinking of visiting his house once, but I couldn't do it at last. He doesn't give me a chance what happened.
Saturday finally came, and over 100 members of the S Association Children's Club went out in a line to Ueno Station with joy, but Yamada could not be seen until that time. However, I was surprised when I went up to the rooftop to remember what I was doing. Haruo Yamada is leaning against the pillar of the clothesline and gazing at the procession of children lining up in the distance. I somehow felt the inner corner of my eyes getting hot. He noticed the noise and turned around, and he seemed to be terribly confused. I gently hugged his shoulders later, making a strong laugh.
"Oh, there will be Adbalun in Asuko."
"Yeah," he said in a faint voice. A few of them are floating with their tails around Ueno Park, far beyond the soot chimneys and dark buildings. I suddenly felt like I wanted to treat him warmly.
"Hey Haruo, I'm free from now on, so let's go to Ueno together."
The boy smiled while looking up.
"Let's go. The teacher has some errands at school, so it's just right."
Of course, it was a lie to say that there was something to do at school. Am I refraining from fooling Yamada in my heart so much that I don't have that much in my heart?
"Hey," he looked at me. "Is the teacher also imperial?" He must have been really surprised.
"Can Koreans be included?"
"That's why anyone can enter, as long as you have an exam ..."
"Tell me a lie. My school teacher said it properly, I'm grateful that this Korean ginger entered elementary school."
"Well, do some teachers say that? Did the students cry?"
"Yeah, don't you cry?"
"Well, what a kid. Bring me to the teacher once."
"No," he rushed. "I'm not, I'm not."
"I say something strange."
"I don't tell anyone, I don't."
He was stripped and canceled. I thought he was a strange kid. It was almost the same moment. What if he suddenly came up with the idea that he was a child of Korea. I stared at his face astonishingly. He stiffened his face and stepped back to be vigilant. Then suddenly he screamed while going down the stairs at a glance.
"Yeah, I'm wearing a hat."
I went down the stairs while shaking my head quietly.
However, when I went down to the stairs near the entrance, I found that there was something extraordinary at the bottom. While holding their breath, doctors, nurses, and men from the purchasing union in the medical department are carrying a shabby-looking woman from a car laid down at the entrance. After that, his assistant, Lee, seemed to be terribly excited and saw him coming in, breathing on his shoulders. The woman's head is bloody and hangs down. Haruo followed me a few steps, swaying beside him, but when he found me, he stood up and scooped up. I immediately approached Lee and wondered what was wrong with him. Then he cried, bruxing his teeth.
"I was hit by a knife by my husband." All the people who were smoldering at the door of the medical department turned to him in amazement. "That woman is a Korean. The owner is an indigenous person, this is a terrible villain." Then, as soon as he tried to wipe his neck with a handkerchief, he found Haruo Yamada, who was upset by his side. Jumped at the boy with a terrifying force.
"It's just this guy. It's this guy's father." He twisted Yamada's wrist and shouted, "This guy, this guy," with bubbles in his mouth, as the criminal mentioned. The voice was no longer so excited that it replaced the crying voice.
Yamada screamed terribly painfully
"It's different, it's different," he exclaimed. "Koreans are not my mother, they are different, they are different."
The men went inside and finally let go of them. I was almost stunned. Lee suddenly attacked again and kicked Yamada's back, so Haruo staggered and hugged me. And I started crying.
"I'm not Korean, I'm not Korean, hey teacher."
I held his body firmly. I felt hot things coming up in my eyes. Whether it was Lee's screaming distraught or the boy's screaming, I felt like I couldn't blame him either. I was about to fall down on the spot. The old woman took Yamada out for the time being, so it seems that the place is finally settled. Lee said in front of everyone to swear violently.
"He's a bakuto man. He just came back from prison the other day. During that time, I don't know how much the poor woman suffered without eating and drinking. I'm nostalgic in the neighborhood, so I came and got some rice. But when the villain got out of prison, he said that his sword was going to me. I put in a terrible yaki. I can't help you, I can't help you anymore. "
He had a runny nose. A person came out of the medical room and told me to be quiet. I pawned while taking Lee a little further away.
"You know Haruo Yamada's house."
"I don't know or don't know," he said scornfully. "He also lives in the swamp behind the station."
"Well, that's pretty terrible. Why did you bully me because you went to your house?"
He clenched his teeth.
"Well, that's because my bag is wearing hanbok. That's why I'm going to the Koreans. Hey, playfully, idiot, what's that ex-convict? I think. It's Ainoko [# "Ainoko" is a side point], isn't it? "And screamed as if he had the other person in front of him.
"Bad, remember, if you meet even once, you'll think your neck isn't there anymore, no, this Hanbei bastard!"
"Well, Hanbei?" I was surprised and asked.
"Yes," he said out of breath. "It's a terrible villain, it's a brutal guy, huh, but this time I don't know, bastard!
"Hanbei" I muttered again. By all accounts, it's certainly a name I've heard.
"Hanbei, Hanbei" I hummed many times, but I couldn't think of it just by spinning around in my memory.
At that time, Dr. Yabe came out, so we rushed towards him and listened to the progress. According to him, there is nothing wrong with life, but he said that he would have to wait for his consciousness to return to another hospital because he would have to be hospitalized for a month because of a terrible stab. was. When Lee heard the story, he turned blue and shook his voice, and since the host was a bitasen and a bitasen, he was a thug who didn't have a sentence, so he wasn't very confident about hospitalization and thought he would help. I clung to him and asked him to let me lie down until he was healed.
"Teacher, please, I have that kind of porridge, so teacher ..."
However, in reality, even though it was a medical department, it was not a place where seriously injured patients were hospitalized, with only a few volunteer medical doctors coming in during the day and taking part in simple treatment. So Yabe also twisted his head in the dark and asked me what was wrong. I remembered Dr. Yoon from the nearby Aioi Hospital, so I decided to call him. It was like a poverty relief clinic, and Koreans had various benefits because the funds came from the small pockets of Korean workers. The story was well organized because there was a bed that was just vacant. So she was carried out again. There were many layers of white bandages wrapped around his head and face. It was miserable, just like a dragonfly with feathers. She was taken to the old Aioi Hospital, which was located through the alley while being protected by us. Even when placed on the operating table, he seemed to be very conscious. She seemed to moan a few words, but couldn't hear it clearly. She was a small, weak-looking woman. The fingertips were as blue as wax and seemed bloodless. Beside that, Dr. Yoon was listening to Mr. Yabe's story and preparing various medical tools. I quietly came out of the room when I saw them trying to untie her bandages again.
The outside was getting steeper. The wind came out. The leaves of the wisteria trellis were shaking violently.
Neither Hanbei nor Haruo appeared in the hospital.

Three

By the time the sun went down, it was already down. The wind was getting worse and the rain started to fall like a vat. The windows were rattling and the lamps were blinking. No children came. The math class was quietly held on the second floor.
I was worried about the children's club who went to the mountains with a few colleagues and my aunt at the cafeteria. However, the shock of the incident that happened earlier was so strong in my mind that I couldn't leave. But I didn't really think about what happened. I may have been overwhelmed by the fear. I just wanted to cover my eyes.
At that time, a terrible wind blew and roared, and the sound of the door of the selfish mouth blowing off eerily. Everyone was shocked and held their breath. The old woman who approached me screamed and flirted. When I ran to see it, the door collapsed and Haruo Yamada stood stunned in the rain and wind. Occasionally, the lightning flashed and it looked like a ghost.
"What's wrong, Haruo?" I brought him in. Then I went up to my room on the second floor. I felt like I couldn't say anything. I took off my soaked kimono, wiped my body with a towel, and laid it on the bed. His body was swaying in a trap. When I made hot tea, I drank many cups. There, he finally regained his energy and looked up at me sadly. I somehow felt something warm and mellow that I could feel in my chest. I wonder what happened to this boy again during such a stormy night.
"Did you go to the hospital?"
He suddenly burst into tears as if he had made him squeak.
"It's ridiculous, crying."
"No. I won't go to the hospital. Don't go."
"Well, okay," my voice was faint. "It's okay."
"Yup"
He immediately reassured himself. So I stretched my legs into the futon and shrugged my neck. To me it looked awkward and messy. His eyes shimmered and his mouth smiled with a smile. It must have completely forgiven me. I thought there must be such a beautiful thing hidden in the world of his mind. How can we think that this boy is the only one who has a love for his instinctive mother? It was just distorted. I imagined a woman of the same family who was sautéed and slaughtered by her neighbors. He considered the tragedy of the unharmonious and dual division of a boy who enjoyed the blood of the indigenous people and the blood of the Koreans. The unconditional dedication to "father's" and the blind refusal to "mother's" may always be in conflict. Especially for him, who is buried in the streets of poverty, he must have been obediently stopped from immersing himself in the world of his mother's affection. He can't openly hug his mother. However, even in the blind refusal of "mother's thing", the warm breath to her mother would have been crowded. I can't help but understand the feeling that he couldn't help but be called a Korean in a loud voice almost impulsively when he saw a Korean. But from the first moment he saw me, he was suspicious of being a Korean, but he was always following me. That would certainly be my love. It would be an unconscious nostalgia for "mother's". And it must be a distorted expression of love for my mother through me. In fact, he may have come to me instead of visiting my mother's hospital. What is different from the feeling of visiting my mother? When I think about it like this, I feel sad and sad, and while stroking his chestnut head, he makes a strong smile.
I asked, "Would you like to go to my mother's hospital?"
He shook his head sadly.
"why?"
He didn't answer.
It seems that the storm was gradually declining. I'm shaking the eaves as the light rain sometimes remembered. I opened the window and looked at the clear sky. Even two or three stars were shining in the distant northern sky between the scud clouds.
"It looks like it's going to be sunny, hey, do you want to go visit us together?"
There is no answer. He was completely covered with a futon.
"Did your father go?"
After "I'm going", he said a little rebelliously in the futon.
"It's a funny dad. I feel sorry for my mom."
“…………”
"Then I'm going to go back to my dad. I'm sure he's worried at home."
“…………” He looked out and looked like a sneak. "I'm fine here"
"Yeah, that's ..." I said confusingly. "It's okay here too ..."
It seemed that the math class had just ended, and the corridor began to buzz. After a while, Lee knocked on the door and appeared in a hurry, but when he saw Yamada sleeping, he suddenly stiffened his face. I was a little rushed and took him out into the hallway to talk.
"The teacher is having trouble being called a Korean," he exclaimed. "I'm finally trying to embrace him."
"Don't be rude." I screamed at what happened. Certainly I was confused by his appearance.
"Yamada came in this heavy rain, and there is no place to go home."
"Who says there's no place to go? That's the pitiful lady. Now the hungry demon should go to his father. Oh curse, villain!" I cried as if to plead. "Why doesn't the teacher sympathize with that poor woman. She doesn't think of that poor woman ..."
"Please stop," I told him to ask. My words were shaking. I couldn't figure out what to do.
"teacher……"
"Can you stop me!" I suddenly screamed like a dead end. It seemed to go crazy.
He staggered away. I leaned against the wall like a man who had a fierce fight.
Of course I told myself that I could understand the naive Lee. This is because I myself have come through such a period in the past. However, the next moment, I felt that I was now called Minami, and it was ringing into the five officials like an electric bell. So, astonishingly, I tried to come up with the usual reasons for various reasons. But it was no longer possible.
"Hypocrite, you're going to do hypocrisy again," I heard a voice beside me. "You're becoming more subservient now because you're not patient."
I was surprised and then told him to despise.
"Why don't you become subservient, why do I always have to keep going. Isn't that the proof that I've started to get into the subservient mud ..."
However, I didn't have the courage to say the end. Until now, I had assumed that I was completely grown up. He said he wasn't as hard as a child, and he wasn't as crazy as a young man. But after all, I lay down with the sneakyness on my back [# "cheap"). So this time I rushed to myself. You said it was because you didn't want to be a little far from those innocent children. But in the end, what's the difference between you and the Koreans who came to the oden shop trying to hide themselves! Therefore, I tried to get into Lee as a defense. Then, whether it's a temporary sentiment or a passion, what's the difference between you and the man at the oden shop who screams, "I'm a Korean, I'm a Korean." Isn't there any difference in essence from the case of Haruo Yamada, who calls out that he is not a Korean? I see even Turkish children with different coat colors playing innocently with this child. But why can't it be done only by Haruo, who enjoyed the blood of Koreans? I know the reason too well. So I had to be armed whenever I realized I was Korean here. Yes, I'm sure I'm tired of my own mud play right now.
I was stunned for a while. Lee wasn't there anymore. I staggered back to my room.
The room was dim. I approached Haruo's bed. At that time, I was surprised and glanced at my eyes. Haruo Yamada is sleeping with his right arm as a pillow and his eyes half open. I instinctively put my hand on my mouth and bit my voice.
"Oh, I'm a child of Hanbei!" I finally remembered. Hanbei, who flickered in front of me and couldn't remember. "I'm a child of Hanbei!"
I was surprised at the fact that I was overwhelmed. Ah-what does this mean again? I don't know how long I've seen Hanbei sleeping in this style. Even the sloppy mouth and the big eyes of an old man's dark circles are fluttering to his father. The child is sleeping beside me in exactly the same way. In fact, I was asleep in the same detention center as Hanbei for more than two months. Just thinking about him, I felt a cold thing running on my spine. That's because I love Haruo even more. For a moment in my brain, I was horrified by the scary premonition that this perverted Haruo would eventually become a human like my father.
If you think about it, it was November last year that I met Hanbei at the detention center of M station. At that time he leaned against me with a grin. He was a creepy man with big eyes on his wrinkled horse face. But I thought he was a Korean.
"Oh! Lend me your shirt!" He almost unbuttoned my clothes. I was a little excited, so I shook it casually and sat down in the corner. All the others watched us in turn, with a creepy expectation of something.
"It's a bastard," he came out on the cut. "This Korean guy missed me."
He rolled up his arm. A guard walking in the corridor at that time looked through the lattice window and
"Yamada, sit down!" Screamed, and when I heard that, I knew for the first time that he was an indigenous person.
He bare his teeth and laughed, and returned quietly to his seat. So I took my clothes and hung them on the wall so that I couldn't see them from the outside. He broke the chopsticks of the bento and inserted it like a nail. I finally stopped trying to blow out. At that time, when he saw that a little man with a beard, who was dozing right next to him, leaned his head toward him, he suddenly struck a rough fist bone over his head. I took it down. And I glared at a really great curtain. That evening he didn't give me a bento. I grabbed myself and ate it. I feel like I can see him at that moment. Then, one day, when I saw Haruo eating, I almost remembered Hanbei.
He was a cowardly tyrant. Although feared by everyone, he was very hated behind the scenes. He was unnecessarily afraid of the guard's eyes, but instead was terribly violent against newcomers and the weak. Among them, cutting the sword with a tremendous curtain seemed to belong to his strongest point. "Here and there, I'm still a man who walked across Edo 800 Hachimachi. Hey, you're so ridiculous, the translation is different from mud in the foreground ..."
Judging from the state of the detention center, there were 67 people who seemed to be friends besides him. According to his plea, they were the Takada territory in Asakusa, who blackmailed the famous actors and made a fortune. Among them, I really said like the most hero. However, it soon became apparent that even among those people, they were abandoned as Hanbei in the sense of "insufficient". I still don't know his real name. In it, I got used to him and could almost understand his identity. At the same time, my seat gradually approached him. This is because the older the person in the cell, the closer to the lattice door. At last I started to sit facing Hanbei, and when I went to bed, I was just next to each other. He was no longer docile to me, but sleeping with me was a terrible pain for me. His bad breath is unbearable, but above all, he squeezes his crotch all night long. He said he was syphilis. I wondered if it had come to my mind. One midnight he was strangely sullen and scorned me.
"Where are you in Korea?"
"It's North Korea"
"We were born in South Korea." And he laughed with his nose to counteract it. But I didn't show a strong and surprising feeling.
"Really"
Then he bare his teeth.
"It's true"
Of course, this kind of story can only be said to be two people.
"Oh, that wife is also a Korean woman."
"Hmm ..." I inadvertently opened my eyes.
He was very creepy and grinned. I thought he must have something to do with it.
"Did you go to Korea?"
"It's funny and annoying. I went directly to a Korean restaurant in Suzaki to talk to my boss, hand this woman to my hand, and I don't know, I'll light the shoji. I was scared. Then the guys turned blue. "
He stared at me with a sideways glance. His eyes were even more terrifying in the light of the moon at dawn.
However, the next morning, I was wondering when I said that. After all, as usual, he bullied the weak and picked up the newcomer's bento. But I've become more and more suspicious of him since that night. Still, he must have been an indigenous person because he was called Yamada by the police. Then I thought that his mother might be a Korean, but I couldn't confirm it and I came out with a postponement of prosecution. -
And I finally remembered him. What a detour I am! Even from the last name, it seems that you are finally impressed. From the moment I first saw Haruo Yamada, the image of Hanbei should have been flickering in front of me with a faint glow. But I couldn't realize it was Hanbei. Or maybe because of my love for Haruo, I was secretly afraid that it was Hanbei.
"Hanbei" I muttered quietly again.
However, Haruo is falling asleep comfortably. On my retina
Hanbei's humble laughing face, which said, "Oh, that wife is also a Korean woman," emerged many times. Then, before I knew it, it was transferred to Haruo's sleeping figure. At that time, Haruo seemed to make a faint moan. When he thought he had a twitching cramp in his face, he turned over and glanced astonishingly.
"What's wrong, did you have a dream?"
I asked while wiping his sweaty neck.
He closed his eyes again and muttered like a shit.
"My dad will get rid of me this time."

Four

I also had rambling dreams all night long. When I woke up in the morning, Haruo was no longer there. I told myself that I should go to Aioi Hospital astonishingly. That day is Sunday and Haruo should have no school. Before I knew it, I was standing at the front door and ringing the ringing bell. Dr. Yoon came out and said, taking me to Haruo's mother's room.
"Everything is named Sadajun Yamada. I'm not a Korean person. I thought that the tone of the words and the word Sadajun were strange, so I asked him about the moment when he was injured. I can't answer with a slap in my mouth. I just say in Japanese that I fell down. "
"Yeah, yeah," I said muddy. "Is the wound okay?"
"Well, that's okay. But I'm sure there will be sword scars on my face. I'm sorry to say that there are terrible scars on my temples. That's right, that's ... Yamada-san, your child. There was a teacher from the association. "
Haruo wasn't there. About five sleepers were lined up alternately in a room of about 12 tatami mats, and the sick were sunk in each of them. She lay in the corner. Only the mouth and nose can be seen a little in the face wrapped around with a white bandage. She stays still and doesn't answer anything. Dr. Yoon left his seat for a round. I was a little confused about how I spoke to her.
"It's a pain, Haruo-kun seems to have been very worried," he said, pulling out Yamada with the momentum of his words. "Actually, I'm a teacher of the association that Haruo attends ... I'm Minami."
She seemed to move a little with no heart. I'm sure she must have been surprised because I have a Korean surname.
"Ah, ah," she moaned, shaking her fingertips in small steps.
"Haruo ... Haruo really is a concubine ..."
“…………” I had no words to answer.
"Aha," she was so impressed that she was sobbing. "Haruo, a concubine, really ... said that he would put his concubine in his heart ..."
I also felt bittersweet. However, I had to comfort her with Haruo Ikioi.
"I play with Haruo every day. Sometimes I feel disappointed, but I'm still just a kid, and I'm sure that some of them will be Haruo who can be proud of as a mother. "I actually thought so. I believed that if I thought about the various things that gave him today's character and gave him warm hands and guidance, he would surely awaken to his deeper humanity.
But she didn't answer. I'm just holding my breath and paying attention to what I mean. I continued.
"At first I thought that you had no choice but to take Haruo back to Korea."
She was surprised.
"I thought it was the best for you and for Haruo's future, but I think you still feel like taking care of Mr. Hanbei."
"Aigo ... don't ask me anything," she said pitifully in a small voice. "My Lord is the person ..."
"I don't think I can hide anything. I also know Mr. Hanbei Kanegane well."
"Ah," she was surprised and swallowed. She moaned as if she had sunk at all. "... But that person made the concubine free .... And the concubine, a Korean woman ..."
I wondered if she was still living with such a slave-like gratitude, I remembered the outrageous Hanbei and felt indescribably stunned. It was supposed to be this woman who someday frightened the Korean restaurant in Suzaki and took her home. For the cowardly and brutal Hanbei, I think it's a story that seems to be received by this inaccessible Korean woman. She was only chosen as his sacrifice from the beginning. What a nice woman this is, compared to that scary and thin Hanbei. It seemed to me that I could even imagine the daily lives of the couple. She will be bullied every day. It must be worshiping while falling down on the floor. From such a place, a foreign child like Haruo should have been born. She said sadly that the concubine was a Korean. She may be proud of her being married to an indigenous person, and may be comforting herself to live in this adversity. Rather, I expected her to have a fierce hatred towards that Hanbei, and wanted to be intoxicated with the joy of indignation as someone from the same country. But I was brilliantly eaten by the watermark.
"teacher"
"e"
"My concubine may make a wish."
"Please talk"
"I wish ... I'll do it. Please, Haruo's concubine ... Don't deal with me ... Please."
“…………” I kept silent and watched over her. She was just crying.
"... Haruo ... plays a lot alone ..." but she was dead again, probably because her wounds were so aching and painful. However, while making a faint moan, "Alone ... the voices of some children ... imitating ... lively ... playing ... I'm good at dancing. I'm sad. Where. Come see me ... I dance hard alone ... and I'm crying myself ... "
"Is it because you can be bullied outside because you are Korean?"
"But I don't cry now," she slammed hard.
"Haruo is an inland man Te [#" Te "is an emphasis mark] ... Haruo thinks so ... That child is not a concubine ... That ... the teacher disturbs ... think……"
"I heard that Mr. Hanbei was also born in South Korea ..."
"Eh ... yes ... my mother was a Korean like me .... but now ... Korea is just a word ... that person is crazy ..."
"But Haruo has come very close to me as a Korean. In fact, she stayed in my room last night."
“…………”
"I think that child's attitude toward you will gradually change," he insisted on encouraging. "I'm sure Haruo will return his love for you in the near future. I think Haruo's follow-up to me isn't just because of his love for me, but in fact it's a different way of expressing his love for you. I'm sure Haruo is hungry for love. He was Haruo who couldn't give you honest love and couldn't accept your love innocently. I think I'll go ... "
"Is that so?" She sighed desperately and deeply.
"... That child ..."
At that time, an old woman in Korean clothes came in from the doorway as if to fall. I found at a glance that she was Lee's mother. So I stood a little off the bed. As soon as the old woman found her innocent appearance, she exhaled and screamed in Korean.
"What a terrible thing. I'm sure that villain will be punished. Hey, Haruo's mother. You know me, Lee Chan's mother. Lee Chan's. I got it. "
Sadajun shook his fingertips around the area. The old woman took the hand.
"Once the wound is healed, I'll run away to my hometown so that I can't find it this time. I'm not going to come back someday. There's nothing wrong with that."
Sadajun moaned. The old woman suddenly seemed to remember something, and when she untied the furoshiki, she took out only two summer tangerines.
"It's summer tangerine. Eating it may make you feel a little dry." So she worked hard and began to peel.
"Lee Chan bought me to ask my aunt to do it. I'm glad that I got a license from today and became a full-fledged person."
"Please take good care of yourself." After all, I thought it was better to leave the place, so I went to the doorway. At that time, I heard Haruo's mother's suffocating, sloppy Korean, so I stopped suddenly. She told the old woman to plead in Korean.
"Aunt .... concubine, I'm not going home ... and she's got a terrible scar on her face ... then ... that person ... I can't say I'm going to sell her concubine ... who I wouldn't buy such a concubine ... "Then I suddenly tried to get up as if I had a convulsion.
"Ah!"
"What's wrong with you?" The old woman hurriedly held her and settled in her bed.
"... something ... made a noise," she was out of breath as if she had touched her. "Aunt ... Haruo is coming. That's why he's visiting the concubine ..." Then he suddenly shouted out.
"Please go out, aunt .... Please hide!"
"No one can come, no one can see," the old woman sadly squeezed.
I came out of the door with a sneak foot, but I was soaked in sweat. At that time I thought someone's little shadow hurriedly crossed the corner of the hallway. Someone couldn't tell clearly, but I quickly wondered if he was really Haruo. I hurried to the corner and looked around suspiciously. After all, my guess was not wrong. In the dim corner behind the stairs going upstairs, I was keeping an eye out while hiding myself as if Haruo Yamada was shrugged.
"What's wrong?" I approached.
He shook his head in a hurry. And as I was scared, I got more and more trashed toward the corner. Perhaps it was something hidden, I turned my right hand toward the back and didn't let go. I was about to scream now.
"You came to visit my mother," I said, feeling my throat getting hot. I was very impressed. "Mom still wanted to see you."
He shook his head even harder. I was dissatisfied and pulled his body. He didn't let go. It's trying hard to hide something by squeezing a small white paper packet. At the moment I thought Haruo brought something for his mother. How sad it is to have to be ridiculous or obscure in front of others while coming to visit my mother. Rather, the boy's appearance seemed indescribably messy. I said.
"I'm sure my mom will be happy."
Suddenly he started crying while burying his head in my body.
"It's huge"
He cried more and more violently. At that time, what happened was a small paper packet that was crumpled in white and slipped off. I felt a little strange when I saw it. It is a paper packet of chopped cigarettes. It's an old package of "Hagi" that I couldn't find when I woke up this morning, looking a lot on my desk and in the drawer.
"Well, that's why I'm scared of the teacher. I should have just brought it to the teacher. Now, I should be aware of that. That's what my mom is waiting for. Take it with you, it's the third room on the left. "Then I tapped him to cheer him up. "What, it's not like Yamada. From now on, the teacher will come back to the association and wait. When you come, let's go to Ueno together as promised yesterday."
He started crying. My heart was also shaking. But I thought being in the hospital would make him more and more cramped, so after telling him the room, I hurried out of it. And I wondered why he brought a cigarette from me. I could only imagine that his mother would smoke. What an unexpected boy, I remembered that Hanbei was still hanging his clothes on the wall in the cell.

Five

After about an hour, Haruo Yamada reappeared in front of me. But he was staring at his feet with his fingers in his mouth. Is there some kind of refreshing relief? It even seemed that my mouth was about to collapse. It seems that a child who has done something nice is in front of an adult. Have you ever seen such a straightforward childish shadow on his face? He must have believed in me completely. But I also secretly smiled and didn't ask anything. He just took off his hat and said, "Let's go out."
It was a slightly cold afternoon after the storm the night before. When I got off the tram on Hirokoji, it was just Sunday and it was a mess of people pushing each other. Before I knew it, I came to the entrance of Matsuzakaya so that I could swallow it, so I pulled his hand out, though I had nothing to do. The inside was also very crowded. When Haruo tried to get on the escalator, when they got on side by side, he looked happy and clear. I also felt the joy of overflowing all over my body. The idea that the boy Haruo is now in all the people was strangely gratifying to me. He is Haruo and at the same time he is now standing by me and among the people. The two were carried side by side to the third floor. Again, we sewn through the crowds and went up to the 5th or 6th floor, facing a corner of the dining room and sitting down. However, the two did not exchange more words than necessary. He took ice cream and curry rice and I drank soda water.
"Good"
"Yeah," he looked up at me with his face on the plate. "The department store's curry rice is good."
When I got off the elevator from there, I bought his undershirt for one yen at the bargain floor on the first floor. He came out with a long hanging string of wrapping, smiling.
The park was also a rare crowd. We went up the stone steps to the main street. The thick grove was swaying quietly in the dim light of the afternoon. The sky is cloudy and the wind is sometimes raining on the tall treetops. However, on the wide boulevard, women and men who looked like climbers were walking around. Before he knew it, he changed into a new undershirt and whistled from time to time, holding his shabby clothes aside. I can't say anything about him. But I couldn't speak to him very much. Suddenly he said, pulling my sleeve.
"Do you say a teacher?"
"What do you want?"
When I saw it, his eyes were shining a light of suspicion and rebellion as usual. I suddenly noticed. It was a case of cigarettes.
"Well, I won't tell anyone, I took it for my poor mom, the teacher thinks you did a good thing today. Mom loves smoking. right?"
"I don't like it," he muttered strangely and reluctantly. "When my mom got blood ... I always had a nicked cigarette, I knew it."
I was breathtaking, but for some reason I couldn't even show the surprising color on my face. I felt like my eyes suddenly became hazy. ××××××××× [# According to the note in the bottom, the missing 9 characters are "struck by Hanbei" in the first appearance] She bleeds, she is a crucifixion cigarette I must have kneaded it with a brim and stuck it to the wound many times. Just as the peasants in her hometown try to heal their wounds that way.
"Really"
We had come to a place near the police box before we knew it. There was a sturdy scale next to it. When I saw it, I turned around and laughed lonely and asked if I could measure it. Then he flew with joy. The needle began to flutter because it received so much force at one time. It seemed unexpectedly heavy. At that time, Haruo seemed surprised at something, and jumped toward me and pointed the main street with his small finger. I wondered what he was pointing at, and when I turned around, just one car lay down beside us.
When I thought "Oh," Lee raised his finger to the eaves of his new hat at the driver's cab and greeted him with a smile. I was so happy that I approached him.
"Look, your mom said at the hospital earlier. It seems to have worked."
Haruo came to my side without being afraid. Seeing that, Lee looked awkwardly.
"Well, I've been to the hospital right now." Then he should have met Haruo there. While fluttering his beautiful black eyes, he was unusually cheerful without hiding his joy.
"I'm finally full-fledged, this is a good car. It's a 37-year-old model, but it's new and has a solid engine."
There, I stepped on the starter motor. In my eyes, it was a mundane Ford model and didn't seem to be that good, but I answered, "It's a good car." "Today I came to play with Haruo," he continued to show off the boy. "I still didn't notice it, but Haruo told me."
"Why don't you ride one? You're going to the zoo," he opened the door and urged.
The two had no choice but to get in. There wasn't much to the entrance to the zoo.
"How is it comfortable to ride?" He said as he lowered us. This innocent young man will not be happy with today. "All the other customers said that."
"Yes, it's new and pleasant," I said honestly.
So he was satisfied and brilliantly manipulated the steering wheel and turned back, and as before, he raised his finger a little and said goodbye, sounded a horn and ran like a blowfish while scattering people. went. Haruo stood still and saw off the car with an envy-filled look. I wondered what a happy day it was.
"Lee has become a good driver. What will you do when you grow up?"
"I'm going to be a dancer," he shouted in a bright voice.
"Huh" I was surprised and stared at him. At one point his body seemed to shine. "Will I be a dancer?" I suddenly thought that this might be a really wonderful dancer.
"Really"
"Yeah, I like to dance, but I can't do it in bright places. I turn off the lights and do dance in dark places. Do you hate the teacher?"
"Yeah, that would be great. If you look at it, you're really good," I said dreaming.
"The teacher also likes dancing very much ..."
In front of me, an injured and distorted boy with this extraordinary birth stretches his legs and arms on the stage, chasing the various red and blue lights that cross each other. However, I could see the dancing statues flickering in the light. I felt my whole body overflowing with fresh joy and excitement. He also watched over me with a satisfying smile.
"Even teachers have made dances. They also like to dance in the dark. Yes. From now on, let's practice dancing with them. If they get better, take them to a bigger teacher. Let's go. "I wasn't lining up anything. I even remember trying creative dance to become a dancer at one point.
"Yeah," his eyes were shining like a blue star.
(Yes, I'll move to an apartment near the association in the near future, where I'll be alone for the time being), I told myself. I don't know how he will change suddenly. Rather, I must betray me again. However, I thought that I should not miss this opportunity to loosen up the feeling that I was stubbornly messing around.
At that time, the two of them floated and passed through the old tree and passed by Benzaiten. There were traces of last night's storm here and there, with broken branches falling and leaves falling in places on the rain-washed ground. A flock of pigeons flew around the roof of Benzaiten and the five-storied pagoda. When you come out near the lantern, you can see Shinobazu Pond at the bottom through the bushes. It reflected in the setting sun like a mirror and sometimes glimmered in gold. Five or six boats were floating. Many people are leaning against the railing of the stone bridge over the pond and looking at the surface of the water. It seemed that a light fog was beginning to rise. It will be evening twilight gradually. It feels like it slowly spreads down the pond toward us. Along with that, their hearts became more and more clear.
"The zoo has come this far."
"But I want to get on the boat," he said with a smile.
"Well, let's go down."
From there, there were long steps. Haruo and I went down it one by one. He walked down one step and dragged me cautiously, as if he was with an old man. But when he came down to the middle, he suddenly stopped and told me to stick to my body and look up at me.
"Teacher, I seem to know the teacher's name."
"Yes," I laughed at him. "Look at me"
"What's the teacher, Minami?" He threw the clothes he had on his side into my hand, and happily ran down the stone steps alone.
I was about to fall down with a light step that seemed to be saved, and I just followed him down.



Bottom book: "Kim Sa-ryang Works in the Light" Kodansha Bungei Bunko, Kodansha
First print issued on April 10, 1999 (Heisei 11)
Parent of the original: "Kim Sa-ryang Complete Works I" Kawade Shobo Shinsha
February 28, 1973 (Showa 48)
* First appearance: "Literary Capital" October 1939 (Showa 14) issue
* Inappropriate expressions regarding physical and mental qualities, occupations, regions, classes, ethnic groups, etc. can be seen in this work. However, considering the historical background and value of the work, as well as the significance of the reader's own recognition of the limits of the author, I left it as the basic. (Aozora Bunko)
Input: Susumu Ohno
Proofreading: Yutaka Ono
Published January 1, 2001
Revised January 4, 2001
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.