City of the sun
Tai Matsumoto
-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]
"":ruby
(Example) Fireplace << stove >>
｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) I | Yi Li
[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Numbers are JIS X 0213 area area number, or original page and number of lines)
(Example) * [# "Yamaidare + Departure", 335-9]
-------------------------------------------------- -----
One
It was a lonely afternoon of the year and night. I put my chair in front of the burning fireplace, the stove, with a blue flame, and smoked a smoky cigarette. Everything around me is a familiar measure, the trunk is thrown under the sleeper, and the hat rack has two hats and several walking sticks. A lacquered casket on the cabinet, a single-wheeled shellwork, a deafening water gap under the wash basin in the corner of the room, and a chest of drawers with two sets of clothes and a cloak. They lined up lonely as if they were covered with ash, without changing their position. With a relaxed and relaxed mind, I looked around the forehead of the lithograph, which seems to be a squeeze on all four sides, and the yellow window lace. A unglazed flowerpot is thrown out of the window facing the front road. Before the summer, the grass of the sheep-toothed species was lush.
It has been a year since I came to this inn. Before that, I was at an inn near the school, and I got it at a military man's house in the dry H town, but this house where I sat down at the end is the most suitable. I'm a lazy person, and I'm not very friendly with people. I have trouble with my school friends, and I'm a hard-working family. I don't drink alcohol, and I can't do it if I'm interfered with the curfew. In that respect, I commend the inn where I currently live. Mr. Uchigi of the inn, whether I get drunk and go home in the middle of the night and hit my head against the wall of the corridor, will fall on the sleeper with my shoes on, but I will not give any scolding or advice. That's why Rinatsu "London" is also worth living. And what's still good is that the boarding house here is much cheaper than the amount you pay to the soldier's wife, and it makes you eat much more delicious food. I'm afraid of money and make me gloomy. I have no money.
My inn is located in a deceased town near the Thames River, east of the busy V stop street. It was a city of sunshine that seemed to be forgotten by the world of intense activity.
I lit a cigarette in a yellow paper bag on the table, and looked through the dirty window glass and looked at the darkening sky of the city.
A friend named Kashiwa visited there.
"I've come to a good place. I was thinking of celebrating."
"Celebrations are brave," Kashiwa sat down on a broken wisteria chair, and randomly pulled out a cigarette from the table with his fingertips with paint and brought it to his mouth.
"It's finally bankrupt. All the money my parents left to me was the one I had withdrawn from the bank before the Christmas celebration, but by yesterday I had consumed it and saw it, a hundred here. There is only a circle left. If this is gone, you will have to follow your usual advice. "
"You have to come. That's why you'll be a full-fledged man. You can live for the time being for a hundred yen. In the meantime, look for a suitable profession. It's good to work. Hun." Kashiwa said. Even this man was a man who wouldn't dismiss Zubora, and he was jealous of having enough time on a daily basis, so he must have been pleased to have a fellow worker.
"I don't know if it's good or bad, but I have a plan. I'm sorry, I'm going to turn this scrap into a beer bubble overnight. I'll give you a new ceremony. Let's go out together. "
"I see, it's funny to be like you, and it's good to think about it," Kashiwa said with a big laugh.
Kashiwa is a painter hired by a Jewish-owned art dealer, and he has been acquainted with him for only a few years. It was a close relationship with.
The two left the boarding house side by side within a few minutes. There were some opinions about how to dispose of 100 yen, but in the end I decided to have a supper at Savoy Ryokan.
The dining room was almost full, and there were only a few vacant tables. A young Spanish woman wearing a bewitching magenta-colored evening dress, a daughter wearing a toki-colored light sword on her shoulder [# "supple" on her shoulder], etc. Beautiful women in yellow, red, purple, and white dresses were visible to every table. Men usually wear tailcoats or black ties. I didn't see many people wearing suits other than us, so I had a somewhat humorous feeling, but Kashiwa was all right, looking around all four sides and drinking a little wine. I was doing it.
What he found in it, suddenly shining his eyes, holding his hand with a cup in the air forever.
"Oh, what's wrong? What are you absent-minded?" I whispered.
"It's nice. It's the face I was looking for," Kashiwa moaned.
"I'm not kidding. I don't think my neighbors are staring at me, I don't see it, so stop it."
"Well, look at Toriwatari, in the fifth row of this table, right behind you. It's a beautiful woman who seems to have been pulled out of Rosech's" The Loving Cup "," he said enthusiastically.
No matter how beautiful the woman was from the Loving Cup, I wasn't so interested in looking back at it.
Soon after the meal was finished and the coffee was carried, Kashiwa suddenly grabbed my elbow and
"The Loving Cup has left the seat. I'm going home, if it's Mr. Left," he stood up busy.
"I still have a plan. What should I do when I come back now?"
"Before the impression of that face fades, I fly home and go to work. It's all night." Before Kashiwa's words ended, I heard a light silk rub behind me. Then, a young woman wearing a black amber banquet dress with a swirl pattern embroidered on the hem with silver thread sewed between the tables and walked quietly. Just as she passed by me, there was something that fell to the floor with a light noise. It was a small ivory fan with a striking scarlet bunch. I quickly reached out and picked it up, behind the scenes,
There was an old lady's voice saying, "Lady, fan ...". The woman who stood ahead stopped and looked back. She smiled at her beautiful mouth and received my fan,
"Thank you," he said in French and Spanish. The old lady was a nanny or a tutor, and the two lightly disappeared outside the corridor.
Kashiwa couldn't stop me, and soon returned.
I was left behind in Kashiwa, I paid the bill and left the dining room. I lit a cigar after a meal and looked down at the seascape of the city from the window of the high corridor. It was still early, and Kashiwa returned without getting tired of it, so I just couldn't feel like going back to the lonely riverbank boarding house. In front of the bright window windows, which are lined up on both sides, as countless cars and shared cars "buses" sprint along the main street under my eyes, there are no gaps in the black figures, and they are squeezed together. # Aside from the "lump"] It is moving as if it had swept the black river. When I calm down, the horn of the car, the whistle of the stop, and various other noises that I hadn't noticed until now are mixed together to create a strange reading [# "emphasis mark"]. Perhaps because of his mind, he seems to be playing an orchestra somewhere.
I came up with the idea and entered the Savoy Theater along the corridor. I refrained from dressing and purposely bought a seat in the back of the second floor. The play was extremely sweet and did not arouse my excitement. If I were a normal person, when the act was over, I would yawn and prepare for the return trip, but from tomorrow I wouldn't be able to see the play for the time being. Perhaps it was a good idea, I was watching the curtain rise and fall while listening to the sound of the applause of Mando in a dreamy way.
Two men were talking frequently with one vacant seat on my right hand, but when I met him,
"How many minutes will the next curtain be?" Asked arrogantly in French and Spanish. Having lived in the UK for a long time, I wasn't happy to hear the obscene words from strangers. I don't like the attitude, especially. I was stuffy and stared at the other person's face. The man shrugs his shoulders [# "shrink" as an emphasis mark],
"I'm Japanese. I can't understand in French or Spanish," he said. The man is a 278-small young man with a pure white handkerchief in his black top pocket. Ren was a middle-aged, rock-heavy sailor-like man who hammered the young man's words with a thick voice while playing with his long mustache. The two had a close relationship with each other before, and they had been separated for a while, and it seemed that they met for the first time on that day.
The younger ones are in good shape,
"Maybe I thought that was the case. When a woman was in London, of course, the general was lurking nearby. I was looking for a string training" New York "with a lot of waste, but I'm grateful. I'm heading for you. I have to get married this time, no matter what. "
"... Because there are other women ... You should stop the unscrupulous imitation of chasing after a woman who is reluctant. It doesn't look like it. If you do a hema [# aside from "hema"], both of them will go wrong. " It was floating.
"I don't need to say anything extra. I can't think of anything, so you should look at my work. A month later, a honeymoon from the coast of Italy. I'll send you a picture postcard, but it's strange to carry it. I didn't think I'd see you at the tobacco shop. You're really good at doing it. "
"I wonder if there is such a thing as being monopolized, I just wanted a person with a good heart."
The two whispered very quietly, but I was able to hear it strangely. I don't know what they're talking about, but I thought they weren't the only ones. The next curtain opened, but I became more interested in the behavior of the two people next to me than on the stage. The young man admitted something to the piece of paper and handed it to the guide standing in the hallway. I couldn't hear a word and a half of the words of the two of them. However, it seems that the two are sticking to different claims against a woman. What about that woman, isn't she the main character of Kashiwa's so-called "The Loving Cup" and the owner of the folding fan? My chest jumped strangely with extraordinary astonishment and curiosity. My eyes were constantly poured into the box across the muscle. There was only a lonely appearance, and her profile looking down at the stage drew a beautiful line against the background of the crimson curtain.
Soon the final curtain came. I came up with a cigarette that I had forgotten until then and went out into the hallway. I sewed between the people and walked towards her box to be attracted. Judging from the good looks of dignity, the graceful appearance, and the attitude of the old lady who accompanied her, I decided that she must be the daughter of a well-established house. Even so, what kind of relationship do I have with the French Westerners next to me? With that in mind, I was walking down the corridor, but when I returned to my seat for a while, I couldn't see the previous French Westerners there. I felt like I was pulled out, and when I looked at the box directly across the muscle, I suddenly thought
I shouted "Oya". The box is empty. The appearance of her and the old lady, who had just been around, had disappeared.
In this way, the people in question never showed up. Originally I wasn't interested in the play from the beginning, so I haven't been patient with it.
I soon went outdoors. Strand in the theater was also extremely lonely when he went out to the back, before the play closed. In the lightly foggy sky, a star covered with a bean lamp squirt was shining in the haze. There were several steep open roads with cobblestones leading to the back alleys. They were all buried in a black shade, sandwiched between tall buildings on both sides.
I walked back to the boarding house and walked along the rare and bright streets, making a noise. When I approached the corner of a certain dew road, I suddenly heard the cry of a woman who was not just a sword, so when I was surprised to park my foot, the woman suddenly jumped out of the pitch-black dew road. I almost collided with him. I firmly hugged the woman who was about to stagger,
"What's wrong?" But when I saw the face of a woman like white wax illuminated by the light of a streetlight, I was so surprised that I couldn't speak. It's that beautiful woman who has been bothering me since the evening.
"Hurry up, call a taxi. Hurry up, fast," said the woman, breathing hard.
I embraced her, rushed to Yotsuji on the main street, and stopped the empty car that passed by occasionally.
When I saw that the car carrying her ran away safely in the mess, I was relieved to return to the original road.
At that time, several black figures were already running toward the open road. A crowd of high-sighted people gathered every moment, and the narrow dew road became like Kuroyama. I went through the crowd and finally came forward. When I look at it, a young French Westerner who was sitting next to me at the Savoy Theater a dozen minutes ago is lying on his back with a terrifying appearance. Fresh blood was flowing from the chest of the white shirt to the color.
"I've had my heart broken," someone said.
"It seems that I did it all at once with a knife." There was something in response.
"Don't worry, the doctor has come." The man beside me heard the sound of a car parked outside the lamp, and as soon as he turned around, he was carrying him. A flashlight flashed on my feet. At that moment, I found a scarlet on the side of my right foot, which was attached to her familiar fan. When I saw it, I jumped like myself. Then, while the people were squeezing each other, he gently picked up the fallen scarlet bunch with great determination and rolled it into his palm, and left the place in an unfamiliar manner.
Two
The next day was Sunday. I kept sleeping without knowing before and after, as if I had knocked down a log on the bed. When I woke up, the dim light leaking through the window was shining on the frame of the lithograph on the wall. I got up on the floor and smoked, but it seemed that countless ropes were tied to the back of my head, and I was chasing my dream last night.
"What happened last night?" I clearly remembered a man lying on his back in a dark open road. I wonder who killed that man. You have to have a lot of strength and courage to do that much. And how she hurried at that time when she suddenly jumped out of the open road, and Hibo who had fallen to the scene, what does that say? ... But I couldn't help wondering her, given that noble, beautiful face.
Looking at the clock, it was past 12 o'clock. The water in the water outside the door was cold. With a bitter smile, I quickly changed my clothes and went outdoors.
Because it was Sunday, it was a holiday even if I went to the employment agency. I decided to go to the stop, buy a newspaper, and have a quick meal. When you turn in front of the bar and go out to the side of the amusement park, you can see the frayed broom standing beside you and leaning against the iron fence. The old man
"My husband, today," he greeted him. It is a man of Michikoshi who has always been based in this neighborhood and is receiving the power of people passing by. I used to spend one or two bronze coins every time I saw my face, except when I was in a bad mood. On that day too, I stopped and unknowingly put my hand in my pocket. I still had some money left to consume last night, so I thought I was going to be poor anyway, so I put the money I grabbed into the old man's hat. At that time, the scarlet bunch that came out from the fingertips fell on the paving stones.
While thinking, "This is ...", the old man, intentionally or accidentally, stepped on the scarlet under his big torn shoes. I was embarrassed by Toriwatari, and I was wondering whether it was something I got back or something I had lost. In short, I was disappointed. I left the old man, leaving my heart behind, thinking of a good reason that it might be a cause of trouble at a later date to make a noise about the scarlet under the shoes.
I bought the noon edition of the newspaper on the premises of the V stop. At the bottom of the social section was the story of the murder that happened in the back alley of Strand the night before. I didn't breathe, and when I finished reading the article, I felt relieved. The victim is one of the traveling Itari acrobats. Of course, there was neither the word "she" nor the word "scarlet".
After having a poor meal at the shop on the street in front of the stop, I returned to the yellow paving stones of the day when I went west.
The old man could no longer be seen on the iron fence of the amusement park. Of course, there was no scarlet bunch that I dropped.
That night, I couldn't stay still in the boarding house. After finishing the midnight snack, I walked around the murderous strand and returned to the inn late at night.
The next day and the next day, I was thinking about the horrifying events of the night, but I still went to the employment agency and advertised for a job at a newspaper company. At the employment agency, there was a mouth for washing dishes in a hotel, a mouth for a younger son in a suburban house, and a mouth for a dog boy in a Chinese villa about thirty miles away from Rinatsu. The last one seems to be good, so I decided to ask him to inquire by letter because this is a Japanese person. When I left the referral office, an old man who stomped on the scarlet aquarium a few days ago was leaning against the door, but he saw me and greeted him.
"Is it coming so far?"
"Hey, it's fine in good weather. Hehehehe" The old man laughed with a funny greeting.
In the newspaper on the third day, there was no follow-up report on the murder on the street of Strand. It was that night that Kashiwa came to wonder what I was doing.
"How about finding a profession?"
"There is a dog boy's mouth. I will go out as soon as I get a reply from the other party."
"I'm afraid I'm a dog boy. I'm happy with that decision, and there's an ad like this here." Kashiwa pulled out a newspaper from his pocket and pointed to the ad.
[# Border from here]
[# 2 columns from here]
Secretary [# "Secretary" is three steps larger]
[# Change]
Looking for a young gentleman who is familiar with the humanity and customs of the Orient
I was offered with my resume. (Last name, surname, company No. 360)
[# Here is the column, the end of the ruled box]
"It's fine, but there are probably a lot of competitors, and I'm Japanese, so I don't expect to be hired first," I replied reluctantly.
"You can't do that. You don't have a clerk as ordered, and you're too familiar with the situation in the Orient. I'm trying things out. You should send a square letter to the rabbit and see it." .. This man has a habit of forcing others to do what he likes. If I refused without permission, I would be offended, so I accepted my resume as I said and stated that there were no desired conditions.
Kashiwa went out to the table saying, "This is fine. I'll post it," but it didn't come back no matter how long I waited.
Three
The next afternoon, I received an unexpected letter. That is the reply from the advertiser the day before.
--Dear Sir,
The appearance of your book and the degree of the interview will be attached. As soon as this letter is received, the degree of visit to the following will be announced.
[# Raise 5 characters from the ground] 10th Gray Street, Minami-ku, London
[# Raise 3 letters from the ground] Gaskel family
Yasuyuki Iida << Iida Yasutsugu >>
"This is surprising," I muttered unintentionally. I feel like I'm not tired of being in a profession without such miscellaneous things, but it's not even worse. I left home soon.
What made me feel strange along the way was that the advertiser lived too close. If you think about it, there are many people in the world who are suffering from employment difficulties. However, even if supply and demand are unexpectedly between the eyes and the nose, they do not collide well [# "emphasis mark"]. In my case, it must be a very lucky opportunity.
Gray Street is a quiet area across two main streets, and the Juban Gaskel family is a mansion with many trees. At that house, I often passed in front of me on my way home from a walk, but I have never even seen a request come and go. I climbed the high stone steps and stood in front of the thick green entrance door. When I asked for guidance, I heard heavy footsteps from the back of the corridor after a while. A thin old woman appeared when she opened the door.
"You, what are you doing?" Said the grandmother.
I silently showed the letter protruding to the tip of my grandmother's nose. The old lady was comparing my face with the letter at the time of the dawn, but she nodded loudly and led me into the room.
"Please wait here," she left me in the fireless guest room and pulled me into the back.
The room was facing the traffic, but the dark brown curtain blocked the outside light and it was dark and gloomy. It looked like it hadn't been used for a long time, and there was a lot of dust on the cabinet and on the elbows of the chair. Soon the old lady opened the door,
"I heard that my husband will see you soon, so please come here. My husband is a sick person and I have a short temper, so please be careful."
From the bottom of the stairs, turn right in the corridor and go to the front of a certain deep room, pointing at the doorway and turning back.
I was waiting until the old woman disappeared at the corner of the corridor, but when I tapped the door that I was taught without hesitation, I got a reply from inside.
The old man, who was buried in a deep chair with a fireplace and a stove in a corner of a large elongated room, looked at me and raised his cane.
"You should come here more. I'm a swordsman on this street * [#" Yamaidare + Departure ", 335-9]. I can't stand and walk. "He said with a youthful voice for what he saw. I went to the side as I was told and called myself.
"You have plenty of free time because a maid named Agnes will take care of you. There was no hope in your letter, but there is nothing. What is your annual salary?"
"Actually, I haven't received a salary from someone else yet, and I haven't heard about the nature of my work, so I have no idea."
"Okay, so it's okay to leave the salary to me, and then you'll be on a trip anytime, day or day. That's why I asked for it. "
"I can jump out from there right away, but what about my job?"
"Anyone can do work, so don't worry. By the way, there are some conditions, but you have to listen to them and get a reply.
First of all, unless there is an order from you, you will never enter this room no matter what you do.
The second is not to walk in the garden after 9 pm. I'm in trouble because I'm having trouble falling asleep, so when I walk in the garden at night, I can't help but be worried. "
"Then, it's your surname, Yoji Iida, but I'd like you to call me Higgins because I'm afraid to call him." I acknowledged without objection. The old man is quick. He grabbed my hand with satisfaction,
"The supper at home is at 7 o'clock, so it's best to move in by then."
The interview with the old Gaskel was only about 30 minutes.
I returned to the boarding house while bathing in the setting sun on the wide street. I said something like this to Mr. Uchigi, who went down to the family cafeteria in the basement and stood while rubbing his hands. ――After all, I decided to support myself and will be hired by a certain house from tonight. I wish I could be patient for a long time, but no one knows the future. If it's bad, I'll always come back, so I'll take care of it again. ――Mr. Uchigi silently listened to my words with his eyes sloppy [# "shoboshobo" as an emphasis mark].
"If you don't like it, don't hesitate to go home," he said, sending out his son. At any rate, I have been familiar with Mr. Uchigi for over a year. The remnants were missed in the room where I woke up in the morning and evening. When I packed up my luggage and loaded it into a taxi and left the familiar house, I felt strangely lonely.
4
Because it was the first night, I woke up much earlier than usual the next day. The shadows of small birds were flickering in the bushes of the backyard with many trees. At the end of a bright small path that runs through the shrubs, there is an old pond that looks like a white cloud in the blue sky all day long. The garden is not very large, but the appearance of the Tokiwa tree covering the brick walls on three sides with branches was almost unthinkable as a dwelling in the city.
When I noticed, the garden wooden door facing the side street under the window was open by two inches, and the morning sun leaving the roof turned the gap between the doors red.
"Someone went in and out of the garden, but there wasn't a gardener in it, and family members couldn't go in and out of that kind of garden with dead trees piled up ..." As I was vaguely pondering, I heard an eerie meal bell from downstairs, which suddenly calmed down.
I quickly put on my clothes and went down to the dining room, and the old man was already at the table.
"Today I would like to go to the National Bank of S Street and send this document to the 12th window and have it sign the form there." The old man handed me a thick bag for the bank.
The National Bank was in Tsuji, S Street. It was 9:30 when I finished my meal and arrived at the bank. When I sent the documents to the window and kept them in the chair in front of me, I found the men of the merchant body, the pretentious man holding a cane in white gloves, and the three-button kokumei [# "kokumei". An old man wearing a cane-like morning and other young women dressed up in various ways were walking around the large premises [# "emphasis mark"].
While watching the husbands and other people take turns and open the heavy push doors and go out, I unexpectedly glanced at the old lady I saw at Savoy the night before. It was. I tried to come aloud involuntarily, but my turn came due to a bad work, and the staff who came out from the window frequently,
I called my pseudonym "Mr. Higgins, Mr. Higgins". It can't be helped. I quickly signed Wai Higgins by pulling a piece of paper from the bank employee. After finishing my errands, I patiently swam around among the people, but I couldn't see the old lady in question anywhere.
Shortly thereafter, I left the bank. The early spring sun was shining on the asphalt-lined pavement [# "glittering" as an emphasis mark]. There are more than a dozen cars lined up in a row [# "Zurari" as an emphasis mark], and you can see them next to the car at the very end, again around my boarding house. The old man thrust his head into the car and talked about something intimately.
At the moment when I thought "Oyaoya", the old lady came out of the bank and ran across the pavement and got into the car.
At the same time, the car sprinted to Odori, where merchants lined up, leaving behind an old man in poor clothing.
I was unconsciously hanging one foot on an empty car parked beside me. The car I got on shook strongly and shook, and chased the car ahead. The car turned around the messy town and went up next to the department store to B street, but made a further detour and went out to the bottom of the park. It seemed that I was trying to wind it somehow, knowing that my car was following me. Among them, the car ahead suddenly slowed down and stopped in front of a certain house.
"It's okay here." I jumped off the car halfway in front of me. A young lady wearing a sky blue afternoon and a black fur cloak and an old lady who met at the bank earlier got off the car as quickly as Asuka, climbed the stone steps, and had a thick door. I hid myself in the door. The young lady in a fur cloak was undoubtedly the protagonist of The Loving Cup last night.
I looked casually after a long time, passing in front of the house where the two of us entered. It was an old-fashioned house with all the windows on the main street painted in it, and it was written on a small metal fitting as the tenth best.
When I passed in front of my house, I raised my face and the window hanging on the high third floor flicked. I wish someone was peeking behind the window. I turned the first Yokomachi, where the pillars of the streetlights stand, from the second house as a huh [# aside from the huh] so that it could be sprinkled with water.
For some reason, I felt like I was completely burdened, and when I was walking on the paving stones, I heard a busy wiggle behind me, followed by
There was a lady's voice saying, "Moshimoshi, excuse me, but Toriwatari ...". Looking back, the old lady was standing before I knew it.
"When did you see me at Savoy's dining room? That was the one at that time," she said with a smile.
"Eh, I am. I'm sorry for that clause."
"Why ... Hohoho ... It's just now that Takaro" you "was rude. Takaro was bothered to follow us from the front of the bank. What a lover! Probably, I was rumored with the young lady. ”The old lady continued to smile on one cheek.
"There is no excuse. Actually, as you might have guessed. I saw you at the bank, so I thought I might be with a young lady, and at least I knew that I was living alone."
"Well, you're enthusiastic. The young lady is very interested in oriental art, so I'm happy to get close to a Japanese gentleman. I'm at home every afternoon, so I'll always talk to you. Welcome. If you have no other promise, why don't you come to tea at 5:30 tonight? "
"Are you sure I can visit the young lady at 5:30 tonight?" The unexpected old lady's words made me doubt my ears.
"We are waiting for you," said the old lady.
What a miracle-like opportunity! I hesitated for a while because I couldn't measure the intention of the other party because of the story that was too good, but in the end I decided to accept the invitation.
I broke up with an old lady later, and while I was drooling with endless joy [# "emphasis mark"], I almost dreamed of where and how I went back to Gray Street. What will happen at 5:30 and 5:30?
Five
I should be wondering why the old man who seems to be squeezed in front of the bank was in such a place with a handicapped body, but I was fascinated by the strange joy, and I was fascinated by my chest. I just threw a suspicious white cloud and it disappeared.
When I returned to the room on the 3rd floor of Gray Street, the yellow light sun was still terrifying like Ripple on the glass window. The inside of the large house was lonely like midnight. I threw myself into a chaise lounge in front of the fireplace, and one day I fell asleep while listening to the pleasant sound of burning coal.
How many hours had passed since my husband, when I woke up, the inside of the room was completely ridiculous, and a whitish mist was standing outside the window. When I looked at the clock on my desk, I had only a few minutes left at the promised 5:30. While I was asleep, I didn't forget the 10th best in Baker Street, and while I was struck by a beautiful illusion, I rushed out of the house with a decent amount of preparation.
When I took a taxi from the hangout in front of the nearby stop and got off in front of the 10th house, I stood in front of the heavy door and pushed the call bell while hesitating. Two minutes-three minutes passed strangely, but there was no response. A terrible feeling and a slight anxiety covered my chest. If this was destined, I thought that this heavy door wouldn't have to be opened forever, but I just thought that my hand would stretch out and tap the metal fittings in the center of the door. Oops.
The inside of the door suddenly buzzed, and I heard the sound of silk slipping coming and going in the corridor. Someone is hiding his voice and talking about something. Soon, those noises suddenly disappeared. While I was messing around on the stone steps, it was the old lady who opened the door and came out through the gap. She seemed to be terribly upset, but when I saw her, she seemed a little relieved.
"Welcome, please come in," he led to the study facing the backyard.
"I'm sorry to have passed you to a place without such a fire, but please read the book until the customers are cleared up."
"Thank you, please take your time"
"I'll see you soon, so please wait for a while." The old lady closed the room and left.
There is a sturdy mahogany table on the side of the bookshelf, and a lamp with a green mattress is placed on it. The fireplace seems to have been rarely used, and the brass fittings are shining brightly. Next to the table clock on the cabinet, new novel books were piled up. When I casually look at the face of the clock, the hands are pointing at 4:30. I was amazed and compared it to my pocket watch. It's 4:30 pm for myself. What is it? When I woke up from a nap and jumped up, I misunderstood the clock and visited this house one hour earlier than the promised 5:30. What a rough man! It's a shame that I came to an Englishman's house, which keeps time, and came an hour earlier for my first visit. It's no wonder that the guest rooms aren't tidied up, and that the old lady's emblem. I felt very bad. So I felt like sitting down slowly and waiting for hours to make up for it.
The house is as lonely as the Gaskel family in Gray Street. This large house, which is the tenth largest, is sunk in deep loneliness like the only building left in this world.
As the monotonous hands of the table clock advanced, the damp night air was approaching.
At 5 o'clock, I heard the sound of shoes coming down the stairs. I got up from my chair as if I was saved, but the sound of my shoes passed in front of my study and my feet disappeared. There was a sound of the door closing somewhere.
It's been 30 minutes since my husband << it >>. I couldn't stand it, and when I opened the door and went out into the hallway, I was terrifyingly climbing the front stairs. There are three rooms on the second and third floors. I knocked on the door one by one and looked into the room, but no one was there. The third floor was a bare room, especially unfurnished. Coal in the fireplace is burning only in the front room on the second floor. Suddenly, my face got hot as if I had risen upside down. I tried to find a family member by going up and down the stairs like a spinning top [# "top"]. A terrifying premonition shook my heart. I went into the last dark guest room beside the front door and saw it. There was no sign of people there, but there was something on the chaise lounge in front of the fireplace. In the twilight outside the window, I saw a black ring. The moment I took the plunge and twisted the lamp switch, I suddenly screamed and jumped back. There, a man dressed in navy blue surge is leaning on his back in a chair and straddling his limbs and limbs. When I was little, I stood up and stood up, but I was scared to lean to my side and look into my face. The man was a fat middle-aged French orchid westerner next to me at the Savoy Theater last night, leaning his back on the corner of a chair and pouring saliva from his mouth. When I saw this situation, I thought that I was wondering why the people in this house disappeared and nodded. This French orchid Westerner must have been an unwelcome and unexpected visitor to this house. It is clear that the man is an unpleasant guest of the house, even in the fact that they had a secret talk with the French and Westerners at the Savoy Theater last night. And if I knew the visit in advance, I wouldn't have invited me to the tea at 5:30. There is no eye-catching furnishings in the room. There was an ashtray and a cigarette on the table. A newspaper and a swallowing cigarette that has disappeared are falling under the man's feet. The cigarette butt and the cigarette on the table have the same mark. The butts were smoked yellow. There must be a sleep medicine in the cigarette. I stored it in my pocket. The newspaper was brought by a man, and I knew immediately that it wasn't from this house because it had a pocket-sized fold. El 32 [# "32" is tate-chu-yoko] is written in the margin beside the title with a pencil. El is the acronym of the town name, and the number is the street address of the house. That is, it must be Elizabeth Street No. 32, but as far as I know, there are two towns named Elizabeth Street in London. If you look at the ethics guide, there may be many other Elizabeth streets. The letters on the pencil are written by newspaper distributors before delivery. I also pushed the newspaper into my pocket in case I needed something at a later date.
This man is an indispensable and important person involved in the murder of the open road in Strand Street. To be honest with me, this man must be the most influential suspect. Immediately behind that thought, I thought that the scarlet bunch that his daughter had had fallen to the scene. The man who was killed aiming at his daughter, the perpetrator? A man who was obese, that daughter and an old lady who fled to that man with a sleeping pill, and when I thought about it, I couldn't understand the translation. I wanted to know the facts as much as possible in a short time, even though I was worried that the comatose man would wake up at any moment. To tell the truth, I spent most of my time getting to know my daughter's body since I got the man, but for an amateur like me who is not talented in that direction, I have no clue. I couldn't find anything that seemed to be. In the meantime, I thought it would be difficult for me to get involved in such an incident because it was a mysterious house that I had been confused with for the first time in an empty house. I quietly left the tenth house without being seen by anyone. It was a measure that several men were passing by, but it seems that a man walking behind a tree with declining leaves on the other side was watching over himself, probably because of his mind. It doesn't become. I went to the bustling Piccadilly district. Then I turned back to the back alley and went out to Bond Street, where I couldn't see the man in front of me.
The gallery in Bond Street is holding an exhibition of paintings. After closing, an advertising villa was leaning against the iron fence. I turned the corner of the bar and entered the dark Yokomachi. About three men came out of the bar side by side, but one of them suddenly stopped when he saw me. Finally, my chest screamed as if I was a real detective. I ran away from the dark road at a glance. Then, when I successfully went out to the crossroads in front of the park, I jumped into the shared car.
The city is surrounded by white fog. A heavy car is running through it with a wonderful sound. Beside the factory on the riverbank, I got out of the car and headed for the lonely town of C. I visited Kashiwa and confessed all the incidents since that night, and decided to help. I stood in front of my house and looked up at the high windows. His painting room on the third floor facing the front road is lit. I passed through the open entrance and went up to the third floor where I knew what I was doing without guidance.
The light was on in the room, and I couldn't see Kashiwa. The room is still messy. As usual, clothes are undressed on a stale chair, and dirty shirts and collars are thrown under the berth, but with polished shoes in the middle of the room. It seems a mystery that there is a vase with a single wheel at the front [# "Jika" as an emphasis mark], a color is inserted, and a frying pot is thrown out beside it. I couldn't help smiling, even though I was in such a serious situation. I felt so light. I thought that if I looked at Kashiwa's face and talked for an hour, the burden of last night would be lightened.
Kashiwa does not come back easily even if you wait. I thought maybe I was going to a cafe in the neighborhood for coffee, but I don't know where I flew on the way back from the cafe because it was a freaky Kashiwa. After drinking three or four cigarettes, I waited and went outdoors.
When I returned to my house in Gray Street and tried to go to my husband's living room through a dark corridor with a dusty light, I met an old lady who was a battalioner at the stairs. ..
"Don't go over there. My husband isn't good at it, so I've just fallen asleep."
"Let's see you tomorrow morning." I went up the two stairs and entered the bedroom on the third floor.
When I turned off the lamp, I opened the window blinds and went to the floor. I was exhausted. Still, my brain was strangely clear, and the events from the morning were reflected in my brain one after another with a very clear and wonderfully quick "quickness". Under such circumstances, I lost the opportunity to meet my daughter intimately, but it must have been certain that she wanted to meet her like her even once. That alone made me happy.
Except for one thing about her, I have nothing to attract to this world. Despite this, I was fascinated by the beautiful appearance of a woman. I made a firm decision to ask her.
I woke up once in the middle of the night. Someday there was a breeze in the open air, making noise in the backyard grove. When I turned over my pillow and turned over, I heard someone coughing downstairs, which was quiet like a grave. Then there was the sound of a person walking on the floor. When I rubbed the match and looked at the clock at the bedside, it was 1 am. I stood up on the floor and listened. I gently went out of the room and looked down from the top of the stairs. Cun | I heard the screaming sound again. I was scared to go down to the bottom corridor, caught in a suspicious noise. The shrine sound certainly originated from the old man's living room. The lamp in the room was brightly reflected in the glass door above the door of the old man's living room. According to the story of the hired woman the night before, the old man should be lying down because of poor physical condition. In such a late time, it is difficult to walk. * [# "Yamaidare + Departure", 348-1] If the sword "Invalit" is awake and walking, it is a mere affair. 》 Not.
"Is it a thief or a doctor?" I thought I would check the old man's living room just in case, but hesitated to think of the promise I had when I was hired by this house. After all, my coughing and coughing were all gone, so I thought back and went back to my room and sneaked into the blanket.
Six
The next day, it was raining gloomy from the morning. The hired woman put breakfast on the table and brought it to my bedroom.
"My husband is still sick, so I can't go to the cafeteria, so please eat here."
"Is it so bad? It seems that you stayed up late last night, did you even come to the doctor?"
"There is no way doctors will come. My husband hates doctors very much. Yesterday, when the sun went down, I soon fell asleep."
The old lady looked like I had dreamed of it, and when she ate a meal on the table, she left the room with a quick [# "quick" side point].
By all means, this old lady was not just an ordinary employee. I have met the old lady many times since I came to this house, but I have never seen the old lady and her husband, Mr. Gaskel, talking to each other. Still, she always tells me the will of her old husband. When I tried to visit my husband's illness after finishing the meal that day,
"My husband seems to be in Oita. If you have a need, I will call you, so you asked me to do your own job." The old lady said, under the stairs. He also conveyed Mr. Gaskel's words.
"It seems that the back garden Kido was open last morning and this morning, is that okay?" I was a little worried, so I asked the next move. Astonishingly, the old lady was watching my face seriously,
"Well, I didn't notice at all. The lock was still broken and hadn't been repaired yet. There's nothing special about it being open. The old lady went to the lock.
I stayed at home all day and wrote a letter to Kashiwa for the first time in a while. Of course, I didn't do anything reckless to write in the letter what happened since that night.
The next morning, I met an old man. He was still reading the newspaper with his weak body buried in a chair, but only the voice "Koe" was fine as usual.
"I'm completely healed. As I get older, I'm sick and I don't know when I'll catch a cold, and I'm having trouble with it for a long time. It's only included. That's the best therapy for me, "he laughed. I was asked to write a bearer check for 1,000 yen, signed by the maker Higgins. The old man received it from me and stored it in a safe, and then entered the next room next to the door and beckoned me. There is an exhibition of antiques as loneliness, oriental pottery, Chinese, Java, and Japanese Noh madness, agate and jade peanut pots, and many others. The tools are lined up in a narrow space.
"Your errands are awkward. I have to make an inventory, but I'm afraid I'll do one thing even if it's a hassle. The item should have a card with the number and age, so list them in numerical order. Please, "the old man ordered.
"I understand. But it's been so well collected. I think this Harunobu is a gem," I said with a surprised voice. The old man nodded with satisfaction.
For the next few days, I was absorbed in making the catalog. I wasn't worried about the daughter of Baker Street and the Westerner of France who was in a coma, but the suspicious man who stood in front of the tenth house that night and the bar in Bond Street. One of the three men who came out of, or their eerie followers? I thought about it and decided to stay until the residual heat "Hotobori" cooled down.
A letter came from Kashiwa on Saturday morning. As usual, it is very simple to say that if you put up a painting in the X Gallery in Bond Street, you will come to see it because you won. That day was my holiday, but if I worked for 12 hours, it would take shape to a convenient place, so I went into the room in the morning and started working hard. When I had a hard time working, I opened the door for something and entered the old man's living room, and Mr. Gaskel left the chair and shook in front of the table in the corner of the room. was standing. He quickly put what was on the table into the extraction, and looked back with an unprecedentedly terrifying look, in response to the incoming spirit.
"I don't care, I don't know, you can enter this room without any notice. No matter what you do, it's a rule that you can't enter this room without your permission." The old man is suffering.
At that time, I quickly found what the old man hid in the extraction of the table. Isn't it a fiery red scarlet bunch? What my daughter had at the cafeteria of the Savoy Ryokan crashed at the scene of the murder that night, and I picked it up and returned to the back of the old beggar's shoes with torn shoes. I have been trampled. Why is the scarlet in the hands of Mr. Gaskel?
The old man looked unpleasant and stared at my eyes as if searching, but soon became calm. The strange attitude of the old man made me even more suspicious about the mysterious scarlet bunch.
I entered Bond Street X Gallery 30 minutes later. Kenran When I entered the deep room No. 3 of the eye-catching exhibition, the first thing I noticed was a painting by Kashiwa entitled "Fountain of Joy". It's a bewitching girl who seems to have been pulled out of the so-called "The Loving Cup" in Kashiwa, wearing a white robe and standing on the shore of a pond where water lilies bloom against the bright forest of the sun. It was a "Yoen" figure. From the first glance at Savoy's dining room, I was impressed by the Kashiwa 倆 that I drew as if I had drawn it using a model. I searched for Kashiwa, but I couldn't find it, so when I asked the staff,
"Is that Japanese painter who comes to see his paintings every day? Then I went home earlier."
I listened to the man's words behind me and headed straight to Kashiwa no Yado. When I entered the front door, I rubbed against a man wearing a rat-colored middle-folded hat at the beginning of the encounter. He! The man I saw at the Savoy Theater and was sitting on a chair at the 10th house! I stopped and called out. The man turned around and walked away to escape. I went up to the third floor.
"What is the man who is out now, what is he coming to?"
I asked before anything else.
"That? It doesn't seem like I want a picture of myself, but I praised the example of" Izumi of Joy "that I exhibited and often asked where the model came from. Like me. May be her worshiper "
"I've seen that picture too. It's a masterpiece these days. You were at the venue this morning. It was a bit different."
"I wonder if I'm still going to the venue, I had a cold yesterday and I was lying down, and today I'm about to go out, because he [#" he "has an emphasis mark] ..."
Before Kashiwa's words were over, the call bell rang loudly. Standing by the window, I looked down from behind the curtain and saw a uniform policeman and a man who looked like a car driver wearing a big black hat on the stone steps at the entrance. It was the driver of the car when I missed her on board last night.
"This shouldn't be, is there a hiding place somewhere, attic? Toilet?" I shouted, screaming.
Seven
I went out to the corridor as if to push Kashiwa, who was disappointed. At the end, there was a dead end at the toilet, and I couldn't find a ladder to the attic, so I went back to my room and opened the old cupboard. I tried to dive under the sleeper.
The policeman and the driver came in by hitting the door there. It is desperate. The driver pointed at me,
"This is this one. On the evening of the twenty-ninth day of his life, he ran from the back alley of Strand and got her into my car."
"What's the matter? Who is the woman? What has your relationship with my friend?" Before I said a word, the quick Kashiwa stepped forward.
"I'm sorry for making a noise. As you may know, there was a murder in the back alley of Strand on the evening of the 29th day of the night. Also, there is no clue to the criminal, but the woman who said that the driver got in the car that night is accused. Today, however, this driver saw this person who came out of the exhibition in Bond Street. I came here to ask what the relationship is between the lady who drove from Tsuji in Strand and this person, "said the policeman. I went to the car. The driver is a man who seems to have a short face and a short face [# "Ikkoku" is an emphasis mark]. He was suspicious and staring at me while the policeman was explaining to Kashiwa.
"I was in trouble because a young lady who happened to meet on the way home from the play was in a hurry to return home, so I called a taxi. I don't know the name, and of course, where. I don't know if I've returned to. "I didn't deal with the driver, but opened the first words to the policeman.
"Isn't it that you went to the driver after you put the lady in the car?"
"I ordered the driver to go to Pimlico because the lady went to me."
Kashiwa did not understand the story of the story, so I was curiously comparing the faces of the three of us. The driver jumped in front of me with a grabbed curtain.
"Hey, say the main story. I guess I had to go to Pimlico or something. The lady noticed halfway and got off at the west exit of the V stop. Someone like you will come. That's why London gets worse. "
"Stupid guy! What do you say to my friend?" Kashiwa bought a driver's rant and poked his opponent's chest.
"Don't be violent. There's no point in fighting here. It's a nuisance, but please accompany me to the police station. This case is a mysterious case in the near future, and in Scotland Yard, the criminal made a great effort. So, if you have any clues to this case, it could be a clue and what kind of convenience would you give to the arrest of the criminal? " In the meantime, we knew that even the same oriental people were Japanese, and showed a friendly appearance in terms of words and attitudes. If the victim is an oriental person, the other person is a distant French orchid westerner, so even from common sense, it seems that there is no direct relationship between us and the victim.
According to the policeman's words, we went to the Metropolitan Police Department. Kashiwa is an attendant.
We were asked by the director, Caxton, in a large room with a view of the Westminster tower outside the window. I had to talk about going to the Momentum Bond Street exhibition to see Kashiwa's paintings, but I saw her and two Frenchmen in the theater and again in Baker Street. I didn't say anything about her when I visited her.
However, Mr. Caxton knew that Kashiwa's painting was her, so he skillfully tried to cut [# "emphasis mark"], but it was a little gurehama [# "gurehama". It has become an emphasis mark. Kashiwa, who knows nothing, honestly stated that he saw her in Savoy's dining room on the 29th of his life, and then took a hint to start making it. Kashiwa mourned her with superlative adjectives in poor English, harassing me and smiling at the attendants. Here, they completely overturned their idea that "Japanese people are unseen cunning".
"It was a pain, and I don't have to meet the lady on any occasion, so please let me know as soon as possible," said Mr. Caxton. When he got a call, he greeted him with his eyes and waited for us to go out.
"Wait for Toriwatari. The painting was stolen at the exhibition. It looks like the painting you exhibited. I'm sure your title was" Fountain of Joy "."
"Is my painting stolen? When is that? Isn't it the measure Iida just saw?"
Kashiwa and I looked at each other in a daze. It was hard to imagine that such a bold act would be carried out in the midday public circle.
"Let's go to the venue right away," prompted by Mr. Caxton, we headed to Bond Street.
In front of the venue, a large number of people were clamoring for theft and rumors about the theft. As I entered through the emergency exit of the temporarily closed venue, the staff members were standing in front of the wall that became a space and were discussing good and bad measures.
"Is there no one at the venue?" Mr. Caxton looked around the people.
"It's not the place to go. I was in the middle of being crowded. It was just when the guard was looking around the next room," replied one of the caretakers.
"It seems that the visitors were watching the paintings being carried away from the scene, but the criminal was so calm that the seller would remove his paintings for some reason. I thought that the man smiled and carried the people who were gathering in front of the painting while giving a friendly bow, "said another gentleman.
"Then, the criminal was an oriental," asked Mr. Caxton, and a clerk who spoke with me that morning said.
"The man has always been standing in front of the painting since the exhibition opened, so I thought I was a Japanese exhibitor, Mr. Kashiwa. When I think about it now, that May have been a Chinese man. He pronounced the sound of R like everyone else's L. Normally, Japanese people don't seem to pronounce L well. " I went to "Chira" while looking at us. In fact, in the pronunciation of L and R, we were noisy even from Mr. Uchigi of the boarding house. In my mind was the face of a French Westerner who rubbed against each other at the entrance of the boarding house in Kashiwa. I thought he must have used a Chinese man to steal it. However, I thought that if I brought out things like the French and Westerners here, I would just pull a thread on it, and I thought that it would be a breach that I had to say about her, so secretly In addition, I have repeated secrets. Instead, I acted as an amateur detective for Kashiwa, and decided to always seek out that French orchid westerner and regain the painting. For some reason, I had left the French Westerner alone with the criminal.
We left the venue leaving Mr. Caxton behind. Kashiwa was completely stunned and did not reply to my words. At first I thought I would send Kashiwa to the boarding house to make me feel better, but I had something to think about, so at the corner of the park,
"Hey, don't be so angry. Look at me for a couple of days, and I'll find your picture for a while," he struck his shoulder and broke up.
It was a sleepy afternoon. In the red west sun, which was shining into the traffic from among the tall buildings, yellow dust was jumping as if it had blown away gold dust.
I was indulging in various things while staring at the tip of my dust-covered shoes. One of them was Yahari "She". I wonder why "she" got off at the west exit of V station halfway, letting me call her the destination Pimlico that night. Yahari Maybe it was to give me a destination. What is the reason why "her"'s residence is in Baker Street, but she fled in the opposite direction!
I came to the west exit of V station without knowing it. However, it was not a detour to go from there to the Gaskel family where I live. After crossing one lonely town, it was a gray town.
My first job was to locate the whereabouts of the French Westerners so far. I had no clue about it, but I could only rely on the newspaper letters I picked up from his feet at her house in Baker Street. I remember well that it had the letters El 32 [# "32" is tate-chu-yoko]. Elizabeth Street, which is an acronym for EL, was on the way from there to Gray Street.
The 32nd house I visited [# "32" is tate-chu-yoko] was a brick building on the third floor with the front door painted green. Standing on the rubbing stone steps, I asked an old lady in black with a clogged collar about the French and Westerners.
"Oh, is Takaro talking about Mr. Lugenanche? He came to me for a long time, but a week ago he moved to the Quince Ryokan behind the Capitol. Letter He said he would pick it up when he came and pick it up on Saturday, "said the old lady, showing a letter on the table at the front door. My eyes did not look at the beautiful female letters on the front of the letter.
"As you can see, the letter is waiting for you, so you may see it today."
When I heard that much, I jumped sideways to the Quince Ryokan.
"Is there Mr. Lugunanche?" I asked the young clerk who was talking to a few men at the counter.
"If you're Mr. Lugunanche, you're right now. The room is on the 5th floor, number 65 [#" 65 "is tate-chu-yoko]."
The clerk just looked at me as [# "emphasis mark"] and immediately turned away.
It was just tea time. It was old, tired, and all heavy and sooted in the architecture, but on the contrary it looked venerable. People are constantly coming in and out. There were several cars parked outside the front door.
After looking through the dining room in the hall, I patiently went up to the 5th floor without relying on the elevator. The number 65 [# "65" is tate-chu-yoko] was immediately found in the corridor on the second side. I didn't have Lugnanche, but it was kind of crazy to go home as it was, so when I knocked the last time for the fourth time and then turned the handle and pushed the door, it was unlocked and the door opened inside unexpectedly. The door.
I was there and instinctively hesitated toriwatari, but I was surprised at the next moment, probably because I was rushing for the original purpose of trying to find something. With a calm feeling, I entered the room as if I was sucked in.
It is definitely the room of the French Westerner. I'm also familiar with the gray-colored middle-folded hat on the hat rack. After looking around the room for a while, I opened the extract of the dressing table with the pull tab in a row, and found a picture of one leaf in the box containing the collar decoration "tie".
"It's a picture of her. It's finally suspicious," I shouted in my heart. It was an unmistakable picture of her taken a few years ago. It was taken in the city of Daavan in Natal, and on the back side it was written to dear Miss Maxim from Monica.
"Monica, Monica, what a gentle name," I repeated her name, which I knew for the first time.
I felt like I was staying in that room for a very long time, but it may have been a very short time. In the meantime, I became unbearably anxious about being in someone else's room. I tried to put the photo I had in my pocket several times, but I took the plunge and jumped into the hallway, leaving it in the original extract.
When I took a breath and went down to the third floor, I was surprised to hear the sound of silk rubbing coming up from the bottom at the curve of the stairs and stopped. .. I wondered why the lady climbed the back stairs without using the elevator. What was even more surprising was the appearance of a beautiful Monica that I had never forgotten in my dreams.
"Well!" Monica's lips leaked a faint astonishing cry.
"Yahari, did you hold me back?" I was completely afraid [# "Aga" as an emphasis mark] and went to a muddy [# "Aga" as an emphasis mark].
"Please forgive me when I was there. There was an unavoidable reason, and that happened ... What did Takaro come here to? Who" who "? Did you visit me? "Monica looked into my face and approached me.
"Let's know you too. I visited a French Westerner named Lugnanche."
"Lugnanche? Why does Takaro know such a terrifying man. Is that man at this inn?" Monica changed her complexion.
"I don't know, but I'm suspicious of him. One of them was my friend's painting being stolen at an exhibition. Shortly before the incident happened. , That man went to my friend and often asked about you. "
Monica didn't seem to be very interested in the loss of the painting, so she didn't ask deeply,
"I didn't know that man was here at all. What should I do? It would be hard to meet such a man," Monica tried to turn back.
"No, Lugnanche isn't in the room. I've been waiting a long time, but didn't come back."
"It was a good salt plum. You should never meet such a man. Rabbit, let's escape from such a dangerous place as soon as possible. I go up and go straight down with an elevator So, let's go home and play with Takaro. Let's meet again someday. "Monica gave a light bow and went up the stairs.
I wasn't as scared or anxious about Lugnanche as Monica's words, but I felt happy to escape here with her fear. If possible, I wanted to go downstairs earlier than the elevator and create an opportunity to meet her again.
I arrived at the bottom of the stairs at once, wiped the sweat that had gathered on my forehead, and looked around the hall, but what I saw was not the beautiful Monica, but the chick [#]. Aside from "Hiyora"] He was a long Cuxton detective.
When he saw me, he immediately raised his hand and called.
"Are you also suspicious of Lugnanche? It's just the right place. We're coming to stretch the man, but see if a man named Lugnanche is a French Westerner who has visited Kashiwa. Give me "
I wondered why Mr. Caxton had sniffed out the relationship between Lugunanche and me, and I was angry, but in the word Kashiwa, I wondered if he heard only that day's events from Kashiwa. I thought, I was a little relieved.
We were watching there for an hour, but Lugnanche didn't show up at the end, so we decided to go to his room on the 5th floor to see it. Of course, I followed Mr. Cuxton without burping that I entered the room before that.
"Damage! He's like a fox. I've already sniffed it." Mr. Caxton, who opened the entrance door ahead of him, muttered to spit. In the room without the Lord, the windows and the extraction of chests were open, and his belongings were lost.
"How do you explain the reasoning that Kashiwa-kun's painting of a woman was stolen, especially by Lugunanche?"
Mr. Cuxton liked it meaningfully. I had a lot of reasons to explain it,
I made an ambiguous response saying "Saa ...".
Shortly thereafter, I parted from Mr. Caxton and returned to Gray Street. The city slept lonely as usual. Every house has thick curtains on the windows, like a home for the elderly. Only the light of the streetlight illuminates the top of the paving stones.
In front of the Gaskel family, there was an unfamiliar freight car lined up.
"What!" I suddenly accelerated my pace.
The freight car was full of boxed luggage and trunks. On the other side, two men were silently loading their luggage in the dark. As I climbed the stone steps, the old lady standing at the front door said
He said, "My husband left this letter to Takaro. Please take out your luggage as soon as possible," and handed him a thick square envelope.
It was easy to write to the old man Gaskel-I suddenly decided to leave for the United States. Your passport and boarding pass have already been prepared. I will go to Liverpool one step ahead. The sail will be at 3:30 pm tomorrow. At 7:00 tomorrow morning, you secretly visited Soho Street 88th, picked up the goods, and admitted that you could take the train for Liverpool Port directly from Euston Station. And a huge amount of money that I couldn't think of as pocket money was enclosed.
I was a little hesitant because it was so sudden, but I remembered that one of the conditions when I was first hired by the Gaskel family was to travel with the old man at any time. It was my great hope to travel around the world.
There are no such good conditions for me. However, in the face of such luck, my heart doesn't come to my mind, probably because Monica was lurking somewhere in my mind. However, it is my life to follow the old Gaskel. I wasn't enthusiastic enough to turn down this US line and try to find a new job.
I handed over the two poor trunks packed with all my property to the carrier, and first left the house again to tell Kashiwa about this. I thought it was a little pitiful to go to Kashiwa, who had lost his painting and was angry, to tell a good story of his own, but when he entered the room, Kashiwa played an out-of-tune violin. He was singing a popular song cheerfully.
"Hey, Iida! I'm gonna lie down today." Kashiwa threw the instrument onto the sleeper and rushed.
"What happened? Did the picture come out?"
"The one who stole delivered the money. I don't know who the name is, but I'm grateful. If I have 1,000 yen, I can draw a picture without having to work for the time being." I was pleased to have entered and was made to think about a mysterious buyer. If I were to pay for it, why would I risk taking the painting out of the venue? Kashiwa listened to my trip to the United States
"Luck has come to each other," he said from the bottom of his heart. He didn't seem to feel particularly strange when I suddenly started or when someone sent me money. However, this man had no trial of any events in the world. It wouldn't be doubtful that I became the Count's son. I went home late at night and fell asleep soundly.
The next morning I got up earlier than ever, so a black swan was singing in a whistle-like voice on a chestnut tree near the window. The washbasin wasn't hot outside the door yet, so I washed my face with the leftover water from yesterday. I dressed up and went down to the dining room, but I didn't prepare any food and the fireplace wasn't burning. Looking at the situation around that, it seems that I was the only one who stayed at this house last night.
Considering the sailing time, I wasn't foolish, so I immediately went to a nearby cafe and had a light breakfast. It's just 6:30. Then it's time to go to Soho Street. When I lit a cigarette and went outside, Mr. Cuxton suddenly stopped me.
"Mr. Iida, it's very early. Where are you?"
"Toriwatari, to Kashiwa ..." I was a little uncomfortable when asked to enter, but I had a secret requirement, so I answered by mouth.
"That's just right, I'm going to visit Kashiwa, so let's go together."
I regretted that I didn't get stuck, but I couldn't do anything anymore, so I went to Kashiwa's house, worrying about the time. When Mr. Caxton, who stood earlier, stepped on the stairs,
"I'll buy you a cigarette," he said, and I ran to Yotsuji without looking. Rabbits are coming in the opposite direction to Soho Street, so if you don't hurry, you'll be late. I didn't have time to think about Mr. Caxton's speculation.
When the car arrived at No. 88 in Soho Street, it was about 7 o'clock past the scheduled time. Before asking for guidance, I opened the front door and an old man in Chinese clothes led me indoors as if to rub it in.
He said, "Get out of the back door quickly, quickly. There is a bad guy on the front," and handed him a large baggage like a folding screen. When I went out from the basement to the backyard and passed through the small diameter along the brick wall, it became a back alley. I took a taxi passing by and hurried to Euston Station.
Unfortunately, I missed the train at 7:30 by just a few minutes. I waited for the next train in the waiting room. Whether it was in time or not, I decided to go to Kakuko and see it.
That evening, the train took me to a distant strange port. The Diana for the United States, which I was supposed to ride, left the port an hour ago. With a large baggage, I sat down on the edge of the pile of old ship materials and stared at the whitish glowing horizon. The smoke in the distance is probably the Diana that left me behind.
The moist sea breeze blew through my heart. I wasn't sad about losing the opportunity to go to the United States. When I stood in the lonely harbor of evening twilight and saw off the steamer going away, I felt the coreless wabi-sabi that everyone would enjoy. In the depths of that loneliness, the red lights of London were bleeding. There is Monica there. There is a beautiful Monica.
I returned to the stop like a shadow.
        Eight
When I arrived at London the next morning after being shaken by the train all night, a terrifying foggy day was waiting for me. I had enough money in my pocket to live for two years if I was humble, but I had loaded all the clothes and other things on the Diana, so I only wore clothes.
I wandered in the fog and finally arrived at the Gaskel family in Gray Street. This is because I thought that if I knew where the old man would settle down, I would be able to deliver the slaughtered goods by the next stool.
A red tag stating that the house was for sale was affixed to the window of the house chained in the yellow fog. Everything seemed like a long time ago. Until yesterday, the big building I lived in stood cold without any negotiations with me.
The sun, which had lost its brilliance, hung above my head like a red lantern. People, cars, and horses were moving like shadow puppets. Nothing seems to be a lie to him.
I visited Kashiwa no Yado along the iron fence in the park.
"Did you stop going to the United States? What's your luggage?" Kashiwa, who finally got up, rubbed his eyes. I talked about what happened since yesterday and added that the cargo would be returned to the 88th house in Soho Street within a few days.
"It's like a painting. Let's open it up." Kashiwa started unpacking without waiting for my reply. When I took off the last wrapping paper
"Oh!" I and Kashiwa shouted in the same sound. What surprised us both was the "Fountain of Joy" that was stolen at the exhibition.
"Why was it the old Gaskel who stole this painting? I heard that it was a strange person, but it was a mess of people." Kashiwa said that the lost painting was safely returned, so small I was delighted like a companion.
"You, this is mine. I'll keep it until the old Gaskel picks it up." I unexpectedly got a portrait of Monica, so I met her again. I was happy to feel like that.
It has been more than two months since I returned to the boarding house in the town of Hikage. Spring has come to London. I heard the old-fashioned call of Lavendaa selling in a peaceful city.
I walked around vacantly that day, I passed through the Batamy Park across the bridge and walked toward the B town where the prison is located. At the corner of the dusty town, which seems to be the end of the field, there was a bar with a tag saying "the end of the world". I am thus searching for Monica on a daily basis. Finally, thinking that he had reached the end of the world, he rubbed his tired legs and went inside with a bitter smile.
I took a glass of beer I received from an obese host and took a chair in the corner, and suddenly I struck my shoulder. It was a beggar's old man, who I often saw near Gray Street, but he seemed to have a job and was dressed properly.
"You missed the lottery," the old man sat down beside me.
"What a lottery?" I asked, staring at the purple eyes, like the bottom of an old man's sea.
"The lottery of fate. When you were late that day, Lugunanche, who hated everyone, got on a steamer instead of you."
"Who are everyone?"
"Old Gaskel and Miss Monica"
"Yes? Monica? Hahaha ..." I laughed aloud. I can't help but cry because I'm disappointed. Surprisingly, it's stupid. But my heart was confused with astonishment, disappointment, and sorrow. My laughter was a pity for those feelings.
The old man spoke in a low voice.
"Mr. Gaskel and Miss Monica suddenly thought of going to the United States because they couldn't get away from Lugnanche. Yet, the mischief of fate married Miss Monica and Miss Lugnanche."
"There's nothing stupid like that. I think the reason I left London was to get rid of Lugunanche."
"But that French orchid Westerner held the secret of the Gaskel family. Twenty years ago, there was a large millet trader called the Gaskel Brothers Company in Sydney, Hao. Ten | Miles I went to a city far away, but on the way back, my brother crashed from an ongoing train and died. However, this was not a mistake and my brother plunged his brother. It was a problem that was brought to court. "
"Then did that old Gaskel kill his brother?"
"Of course, Mr. Gaskel didn't kill him, but he couldn't make any proof, because he came back to the town the night before and was sneaking into his eyes. Well, if you try to prove yourself, you'll hurt your honor. Okay, they were stealing your brother's eyes. "
"What does Lugnanche have to do with that incident?"
"Lugnanche, who was a clerk at the time, gave false testimony in court to save his husband. Mr. Gaskel did not have to go to prison, but instead he was begged for money by Lugnanche. It was getting bigger and bigger, and shortly after Mr. Hanako died, he took Miss Monica and fled to Natal, South Africa. He was a man who was killed in the open road of Strand, he was a member of Lugnanche, and he was crazy about the young lady. In other words, he was a hindrance to Lugnanche. It's been a great help to the Gaskel family for a long time, and it's not a beggar from the beginning. Various bad guys are aiming at the master and the young lady, so I was watching outdoors like that. It would have been nice if Takaro came to the wharf in time at that time, but he was completely upset because the Lugnanche guy sniffed it. " , I drank the stout with no bubbles and left the store flutteringly.
My ten-odd days at the Gaskel family have completely disappeared as a dream.
In the blue sky of the park, the sun was laughing at the past winter days. The world is already spring. No one thinks of a gruesome foggy day.
[# With ground] ("Detective Bungei" January, February, April 1926 issue)
Bottom book: "Phantom Detective Magazine 5" Detective Bungei "Masterpiece Selection" Kobunsha Bunko, Kobunsha
February 20, 2001 (Heisei 13) First edition 1 print issued
First appearance: "Detective Bungei Vol. 2, Nos. 1, 2, and 4" Keiunsha
1926 (Taisho 15) January, February, April issue
Input: Takashi Kawayama
Proofreading: Takashi Tsuchiya
Created December 31, 2006
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
