Sunflower eyes
Nomura Kodo

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) What is it?

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Above | Many << many >>

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) [# 5 indentation]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

[# 5 indentation] Ichi Reiko's mourning [# "Ichi Reiko's mourning" is the middle heading]

"Oh, Reiko-san, what happened?"
"Ah, Kanako-san"
"I haven't been to school these days, and everyone is worried about it-and I'm pale, what's wrong?"
"I'm having trouble, Kanako-san, what should I do?"
Kanako met her friend Reiko at Takenodai in Ueno on her way home.
Reiko has just entered girls' school this year, the same year as Kanako, but she is a close friend from elementary school.
"Please tell me what the trouble is,-ne."
"It's a big deal, I can't see my mother."
"Eh"
Kanako was so surprised that she doubted her ears. Reiko's mother is also familiar with Kanako, the widow of Dr. Matsui, a quiet and gentle person who is very similar to Reiko.
"What time is it? What are you doing--please talk in more detail--"
Kanako asked the impatient [# "impatient" side point], but instead of replying, Reiko put both sleeves on her face and started crying while standing in the traffic.
The sun went around a little during the day, but there wasn't much traffic in the park.
Kanako, who took a stand on the Roha stand in the deep grove with the help of Reiko crying in her throat, gradually heard this much from the gap in her tears.
Reiko's father was a famous inventor called Edison of Japan, who invented things that would benefit various countries. He had a wealth of money, built a fine house in the back of Yanaka, and was quietly studying, but he died of pneumonia from a cold last year. It is.
All that was left behind was a widow and her only daughter, Reiko, who were eccentric scholars. A person named Saichiro Konno, who was an assistant to a natural father, should go in and take care of the research leftovers, domestic affairs, and how the mother and child "father" behave. became.
Soon after, Konno used the excuse to finish the work of Dr. Matsui, who died, and asked him to hide it from others and show him the blueprints of many great inventions he was working on.
Then, even though this was the will of the doctor, he even talked about his property and began to openly tell the world that he was the guardian of the mother and child << man >>.
However, the blueprints of many inventions that he should have been working on are not only found no matter where he looks for, but also the millions of yen that he should have left. I don't know where the property is hidden, and where it goes, I think the doctor is hiding it somewhere in a secret room. ??
In the meantime, just one week before now, Reiko's mother suddenly went missing. Really, I suddenly disappeared as if to wipe it out.
It was delivered to the police from the beginning, and not to mention a few acquaintances, we also inquired about distant relatives. However, all of them were useless fractures, and Reiko's mother is still uncertain whether she is dead or alive.
What was Reiko's love?
I don't know if my mother is alive or dead, and I don't have any relatives or acquaintances. It's a terrifying fate that can't be cut off.
It seems that there is only one elderly grandmother in the back of Hokkaido, but it's too far away to be useful in an emergency for a few minutes. On top of that, Konno spends all his time with a large number of hires, encouraging Reiko to remain alone in a large castle-like mansion.
Rather than staying in the lonely sky above this, let's take the plunge and go to the grandmother's grandmother, who was an old man in the back of Hokkaido. I made up my mind and was about to gently escape from the residence and go to the Ueno stop.

[# 5 indentation] Two-ring character [# "Two-ring character" is a middle heading]

"Well, that's a lot of work, but don't you feel like stepping a little further and looking for your mother?"
Kanako takes Reiko's hand wet with tears and asks her to infuse her power.
"Why can I find you, Kanako-san, please tell me?"
Reiko said this for some reason. Compared to the gentle and weak Reiko, Kanako was a bright, strong, and fearless girl. What's more, I searched for lost items, including things that were difficult to understand and things I didn't understand, and it seemed that my smartness was gaining popularity throughout the school these days.
"Saa--"
Kanako put her hands on her cute cheeks and thought about it. The midday sun leaking through the trees fell on the hair of a kappa, and the hair was like a nape. The beautiful neck is clearly illuminated.
"There was nothing written by your mother, such as a suicide note or a letter."
"No matter what-Konno tried hard to find it, but he said he couldn't find a letter or a diary."
"What do you think your mother might have had a deep thought about? Then, what you" you "are usually told by your mother, what you have entrusted to us, etc. Or, wasn't there anything that your mother cherished? "
"If so, there is"
"Eh, what? What is it?"
In front of Kanako, who squeezes in, Reiko opens a cute tanned [# "tanned" side point] and opens a leather sword mouth, and picks up a kamaboko-shaped gold ring from inside [# a side point on the "knob". ] I put it out.
"This is all the ring that my mother gave me from my father, and it's very important. I gave it to me a few days before my mother disappeared, and this ring is important, so I'll cherish it for the rest of my life. Hey, the ring is engraved with the soul of the deceased father.
"Which one, please show me a little"
When you pick it up, it looks like a mediocre ring in the shape of a kamaboko, but on top of that, a splendid sunflower flower is engraved with a single flower, and the bud may be one carat. I think, a small but beautiful diamond was inlaid.
Looking inside, in addition to the K18 [# "18" is tate-chu-yoko] engraving, some fine letters are engraved on the back of the diamond, but even with Kanako's good eyes, this is can not read.
"Mr. Reiko, have you ever read the letters engraved on the back?"
"No"
"I wonder how it's carved, I wish I had a magnifying glass, but--"
Kanako instinctively looked at the four sides, but I couldn't think of a way to get a magnifying glass in the grove of Ueno Park.
"Reiko-san, there's a deep reason for this kit, I don't even know where my mother is waiting for you to help me, and I don't know if she's coming to Hokkaido. I don't think it's time to go to something and get rid of it. "
"Well, Kanako-san, what should I do?"
"Wait, the secret is not the wa, magnifying glass on this ring of the kit, but a substitute for a convex lens, how about this?"
Kanako took out a piece of ten-sen cupronickel with a hole from her mouth.
A drop of water is received from the mouth of the water supply near the lens to the tip of a finger, and when it is dropped into the hole of a 10-sen coin, a drop of water is dropped. You can make a simple lens by closing the hole as it is.
"The phenomenon of capillaries causes a convex lens, so I borrowed a ring."
Kanako who received the ring and saw it through the lens of the 10 sen note suddenly blew out.
"Poo, anti-kae looks small, what an idiot, I'm a fool, even with the same capillary phenomenon, this is a concave lens, there is less water than the size of the hole. Tadawa "
Kanako was delighted to see the letters on the ring through the hole in the ten-sen ball, after dripping water onto it again to make the film of water rise in the middle. I raised the voice of. (Please try it out)
"Reiko-san, you can read it clearly this time, it's a wonderful convex lens-listen, first the character of the sunflower [#" sunflower "and the circle emphasis mark]-then the day [#" sunflower "the circle emphasis mark] The character of Aoi [# the emphasis mark on "Aoi"]-, the sunflower "Kojitsu Aoi" was written and read as sunflower [# the emphasis mark on "Sunflower"], then In addition, give an eye, and if you continue reading, it will be "Give an eye to the sunflower." What does that mean? The ring sculpture is also a sunflower, but it seems to have some meaning outside. "
"Saa--"
Reiko has no idea.
"Let's go to your house right away, and you may notice something again."
Encouraged by Kanako, Reiko might have felt a little cheerful, forgetting that she was supposed to leave from Ueno to Hokkaido, and returned to Yanaka's house as it was.
Dr. Matsui's mansion in Yanaka is said to be a "daily palace" by neighbors, and the decoration is all about sunflowers, and Kanako was guided by Reiko. However, I was surprised at how much it was.
The decoration on the door of the first gate is sunflower 《Sunflower》, and when you step inside, the flowerbed in the garden is full of sunflower 《Sunflower》 and princess sunflower 《Hime sunflower》.
When you go inside, you can see the pattern of the wallpaper, the embroidery of the curtain, the carving of the balustrade in the column, and the sunflower, which is a sunflower. Also, there is a picture of the real sunflower, which is a real thing.
I don't know why I collected so many sunflowers, but Kanako has no idea which one to give her eyes to when there are so many sunflowers in the rabbit.
If you go around the house with one "Hi", you will probably be an assistant named Konno and his friends, slamming and searching around here and there, with a terrible eye on the two girls. So, I'm looking around with a little girl. "Konno is suspicious," Kanako came up with.
"Reiko, let's go to my house tonight and stay."
"How happy it would be to do so."
"Is it okay after that?"
"Yes, it's the same with or without me--"
The two of them took them as they were and hurried to the train in the city at dusk.

[# 5 indentation] San Kashii Rokuro [# "San Kashii Rokuro" is a middle heading]

How surprised Kanako's mother was when she heard a detailed story from the two girls.
"Well, sorry, how sad I was!"
Comfort Reiko like her own child. It was Kanako's mother's younger brother who came to that place, and Kanako was a young detective-loving bachelor of science, Kashii Rokuro, who was his uncle.
"What? Dr. Matsui's daughter-Dr. Matsui was a teacher when I was in college, I can't throw it away. Okay, let's go together early tomorrow morning and look for it completely. A man called Konno Must be a songwriter, as Kanako says. I'm still not crying. "
Reiko couldn't help crying when she was so kindly told.
On a bright day, the three people who went out early in the morning set foot on the expedition to the "Sunflower Palace" under the guidance of Reiko.
Konno seems to be pulling a lot of friends and cleaning up one room, one room, and one room from the entrance, and destroying them, and sometimes you can hear a terrible noise. "I'm a villain! I'm looking for the whereabouts of the design of the invention. I'll blow my nose now," said Rokuro Kashii with a smile. Then, when Kashii Rokuro's party suddenly tried to go upstairs, which Konno and his friends hadn't touched yet,
"Where are you going?"
A physiognomy 《shirt》 A naked man stands in front of me. Konno is also following.
"Where do you want to go? Can't you see Reiko, the owner of this house, guiding you?"
“…………”
"Who are you, with whom you are willing to do such a violent thing."
Rokuro Kashii feeds the reverse screw. Konno, who has been trained in sports and does not seem to be very strong when he sees his superb physique, is unlikely to approach the side.
"Don't be rude, I'm Saichiro Konno, who manages this mansion in the will of Dr. Matsui. You can't go inside the mansion without getting any understanding."
"What?"
The two glared at the human being. Behind Saichiro Konno, there were 56 rough men who seemed to be friends, and behind Rokuro Kashii, Kanako and Reiko, Naruyuki | While glaring at each other, he broke up and Konno returned to the front door and Kashii to the guest room.
No matter where I went in the house, there were lots of sunflowers, and Rokuro Kashii, who was a true stone, also ate, but even so, he settled down like an amateur detective, and the masterpiece of the guest room, the table. Volume above the table | Inlays for cigarettes, handrails for the ladder steps, and the handrails of the ladder steps, while carefully examining each one, climb up to the second and third floors.
It took only an hour to see the room in the house, but there was nothing like the sunflower's eyes.
"Uncle, do you know?"
"Disagreeable"
To answer Kanako's question simply, Rokuro Kashii is standing under the narrow steps leading up to the rooftop with a six-eyed face.
"Reiko, what's on this?"
"It's a roof garden, and there's a small lab for my dad, but there's nothing to see."
"Let's go to the corner and see"
Rokuro Kashii stood first, climbed a narrow ladder, opened a sturdy door, and went out to the roof garden.
The attachment is a small laboratory of about two squares, which seems to have been used for astronomical observation or optical research, and about half of the ceiling is covered with transparent glass, and a curtain is stretched under it like a photographer. , It blocks the intense sunlight coming in from there, but there is nothing remarkable inside.
There is one table, a few chairs, a bookshelf, and a few books in it, but the rest is an old one that fits into marble on the table. There is only one table clock.
The outside of the laboratory is a fairly large concrete observatory, and beyond that, you can see Mt. Dokan and the forest of Ueno in your hands.
"Oh, I have a good feeling."
While busy, Rokuro Kashii was able to relax in spite of this magnificent view.
"Uncle, what is this?"
Suddenly, when Kanako's voice was surprised and pointed at, a large sculpture of about 2 shaku square was set on the floor in the middle of the parquet laboratory, and the middle part was 3 diameters. It's just a round hole with a pokari and open mouth.
The parquet work is old, and I don't know what it looks like, but if you look carefully, the sculpture inlaid must be a large sunflower.
"Give your eyes to the sunflowers--this is this."
Rokuro Kashii jumped up unintentionally.
"Uncle, what do you give me your eyes?"
"That's right, if you can understand that eye, the mystery can be solved for no reason-wait, wait, let's see it brighter."
When you pull the rope hanging on the wall, the curtain stretched under the ceiling | glass << glass >> is pulled, and the intense rays of midday fall on the floor.
"Give your eyes to the sunflowers-give your eyes to the sunflowers-"
Rokuro Kashii hummed with knots like a song and put his hand in the hole in the middle of the sunflower sculpture "Horimono", but his hand was blocked by the metal that seems to be a brass plate, and it was deep. Does not enter.
"Mr. Reiko, isn't there a big convex lens? -It's a magnifying glass, but it must be too big."
"There was"
Reiko pulled out the extraction "drawer" of the table "table", and found that "there" was emptied cleanly, and there was no piece of paper "Kamikire" left.
"Let's go downstairs and bring it. If it wasn't here, it would have been in my father's study."
I touched the exit door, but to prevent fire, the sturdy door with a thin iron plate seemed to be locked from the inside, and I couldn't move it. Hmm.

[# 5 indentation] Four sunflower mystery [# "Four sunflower mystery" is a middle heading]

"Cho"
Kashii Rokuro, who had been moving the door for a while on behalf of Reiko, finally gave up and let go. Knowing that the three of them had gone out to the rooftop, the Konno gang would have unlocked the keys in the sun-dried pile.
"Since it's called the sunflower's eye, you should put a convex lens in the hole that hits the sunflower's bud in this sculpture. Reiko's father was a science master, so I came up with a kit like that. It must have been done ... I wonder if there is any substitute for the lens.
When Rokuro Kashii looked around the four sides,
"If you have a cupronickel with a hole in ten coins, bring it."
Kanako says such a thing.
"You can read the letters on the ring with such a small thing, but this | It won't be the eye of the sunflower, hold it firmly, female detective."
Because I was told about the hardships of Ueno no Mori yesterday, Rokuro said this and made fun of Kanako [# "Emphasis mark"].
"Oh, my uncle's terrible wa, what's the glass of this watch?"
When Kanako points to it, the glass of the table clock-a marble table clock that has been stopped for a long time-draws a mysteriously wonderful curve and becomes a konmori circle. I noticed that.
"This is this, Elaiso Kana-chan"
Rokuro picked up the watch so that it would fly, pulled out the spiral "screw" on the back, and for no reason removed the glass "garasu" on the front. When you pick it up, draw a semicircle about the size of a small plate on a glass plate, and it just slips into your palm.
Place the glass on your back in the hole in the middle of the sunflower on the floor.
"It's water, it's water."
There is no need to make a noise, the water supply that comes with the laboratory is just a stone's throw away. I haven't used it for a long time, so I twisted the faucet that had completely rusted with a large fracture, and poured a glass of water into the cup. 》 Pour into the bowl.
When water is added to the watch glass, it becomes a magnificent convex lens, which receives the intense midday sunlight falling from the ceiling and focuses on the sunflower hole. ..
The horrifying silence continued for a while. Five minutes, ten minutes, twenty minutes, and three faces are nervous about anxiety and expectations, but no change occurs in the sunflowers on the floor.
"It shouldn't be like this--"
When Kashii Rokuro tried to put his hand on the urgent lens, he suddenly heard a mysterious roaring sound like a toy "toy" fireworks "Hanabi" under the lens.
Bread, roses, roses, pieces apart.
Then, when the sound of roasting beans is heard, a sculpture of sunflower, which is two shaku squares, comes out of the floor and rises a few inches in front of the eyes of the three people who are surprised and amazed. ..
"Oh, I tightened it."
Kashii Rokuro tried to pull it off with his hand, but the sunflower 《Sunflower》 stuck to the floor and didn't make a big deal.
"Isn't it an uncle spiral?"
"I see."
When you put your hand on the petals and turn it to the right, it moves unexpectedly smoothly, and the sunflower 《Sunflower》, which is 2 shaku, comes off the floor as it is. ――The trace is a pitch-black hole, and when you look into it, you can see the steps running downward, although it is narrow.
As I learned later, in the hole in the sunflower bud, there was a fireworks explosive wrapped in a thin brass plate, and the heat of the sun collected by the lens was collected. If you hit it for a long time, the explosive inside would ignite by itself, pushing up the natural sunflower "sunflower".
If you don't warm a very small point in the brass plate for a long time, the explosion below will not occur, so there was no other way than baking it with a lens on a sunny day. It is. Once you understand it, it's a gimmick, but if you don't know the words, "Give your eyes to the sunflower," this secret door can't be opened.
Well, the three people who found the passage in an unexpected place forgot nothing about the horror and went down the ladder. Rokuro Kashii is at the top, Reiko is next, Kanako is the lord, and the musty wind is stroking the face, and there is no such thing as creepy, but now all three are nervous and talk to each other. There is no one to listen to.
There is one small small room when you descend about 10 steps. Looking at the slight rays of light falling from the ceiling, it looks like a vault-like room filled with concrete. There is one large cupboard in it, and when you open it, you can see various blueprints inside. There are goods in the middle of the invention, a lot of securities, and cash that can't be counted. Oh, here was the blueprint and treasure that he was struggling with.
"This is this"
Needless to say, Konno is looking for this cupboard.
"Uncle, what is this?"
Looking back at Kanako's whispering voice and looking closely, there is another two-shaku iron door 《and》 on the wall opposite to the one who came down.
If you turn the pull tab and pull it, it will open for no reason, and beyond that, there will be another small closed room.
"Shhh"
There was a sign of something, the three people involuntarily looked at each other. In the darkness of the closed room, it seems that something that neither animals nor humans can understand is fluttering.
When the three people leaned against the wall and let in the rays of light falling from above, the inside was a correct human being, and a woman who was over middle-aged.
"Mother"
Forgetting anything about the location, Reiko suddenly jumped at her half-dead and half-lived mother and burst into tears in the dim light.

As Kanako and Bachelor of Science Kashii imagined, Konno was a villain. After his death, Konno, who had been wearing a mask until now, immediately revealed the true nature of the villain and tried to steal many of the blueprints and property left by him. Then, Reiko's mother, who was in the way of finding her whereabouts, was confined in this closed room.
Reiko's mother was confined in this closed room for a week and was so weak that she was uncomfortable.
The evil Konno knew that there was this closed room, but he didn't realize that there was another closed room in the back, and that the blueprints and property were hidden there. It was. When I noticed "more", it was a mechanism that I could not get off there unless it was midday when the weather was nice and from the laboratory on the ceiling.
Mother, Reiko and Kanako were left in the first closed room for a while, and Rokuro Kashii returned to the laboratory by himself. Then, from the roof garden, I barely jumped down along the ledge and eaves behind the building, and rushed to the nearest police station at a glance.
The police officers of the corps surrounded the "Sunflower Palace" without changing the time. And even until this time, Saichiro Konno and his crew, who had been absorbed in discovering property and blueprints without knowing anything, and smashed the wrong person from one end. I have tied up the person.
Reiko's mother, who was rescued from the closed room and looked up at the sun in the first week, soon became aware of herself and was delighted to shed tears while hugging her daughter.
Kanako successfully saved her friend and was able to talk about another credit, but innocent Kanako is not proud of that.
The amount of money and bonds that came out of the closed room was huge, but the invention that Dr. Matsui was studying was more important than that. When Reiko and her mother became stable, Dr. Rokuro Kashii, a disciple of the doctor, took over and continued research for the country.



Bottom book: "Complete Works of Detective Novels by Kodo Nomura"
First print issued on April 15, 2007 (Heisei 19)
Parent of the bottom book: "Shojo Club"
November 1929 (Showa 4)
First appearance: "Shojo Club"
November 1929 (Showa 4)
Input: Hiroshi Kadota
Proofreading: Tetsuya Abe
Created on September 1, 2015
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
