A lit cigarette
One person-the miracle of a cigarette collector
Riichi Yokomitsu

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) White confectionery << White cake >>
-------------------------------------------------- -----

He looked down on love. He loved smoking. Therefore, when he began to talk about love, he turned to the side and smoked his beloved Mont Retsupo. It's rare that a love affair was born out of the smoke. Now, the love affair between him and her has finally disappeared happily with a puff of cigarettes.
"Goodbye."
"Goodbye."
After that, only his smoke was the smoke of the incident in one place, and Fuhafu just rose up casually. --Mon Retsupo, Da Katsupo--
One day, he suddenly received a strange, pale pink scented letter from the mountains, as if he had taken her place. Some of them just wrote that he wanted to meet him without even looking at him.
"Hmm, this is also pink." He went on a journey as if he were looking for a black envelope.
About a month later, when he came home, the light pink color turned green again, and about eight of them were on the desk.
"But this is really gorgeous."
He intended to build a colored paper house, lined up the envelopes on the desk, and then cut the envelopes one by one.
However, as he read, he forgot that the fire had gone out in Mont Letspo before he knew it.
What happened to this woman? Is it possible to write a graceful and graceful letter to a cold-hearted man who does not respond to one reply to eight letters before and after, without any anger? He suddenly smoked with a whip of his arrogance.
Anyway, when this woman pushes from the place where she has the grace that appears in the text and the fearless ability to write a letter to a stranger forever, the pink envelope is completely different. I shouldn't have thought that it would spit out even a car with an unexpected fire, not just a pink color. --Mon Retsupo, Da Katsupo--
Suddenly, from the eighth green envelope, the text that she came to Tokyo popped out.
"This is a fast speed. It's about to start. Alright, let's meet and smoke with the smoke of cigarettes."
He immediately put the cigarette down and
I wrote the beginning saying, "If you come out."
He didn't think she was a dirty woman. If she wasn't beautiful, she couldn't have been able to put out a fearless pink envelope often. To prevent the beauty of the woman, he brought his beloved cigarette boxes close to him and looked at them. Russensorte, Mikruli, Mon Repos, Melachrino

The next day, he received a call from her. It is said that it will come at noon tomorrow. He stopped as he came out of the telephone room. He tried to make eight letters from her bloom in his head at one time. -She must have lived as a student in this city. She says she has read through his writings for eight years. He must have unknowingly brought her somewhere into his personality for eight years. Then, to what extent my senses and perceptions swim in her. He had to wait for tomorrow's noon. ――But the taste of this cigarette ―― Yaka, Bouquets, Delight

At noon the next day, he was called by the maid of the boarding house and went out to the front door. Then she stood in front of the big door on the slender wisteria. --There is a precious item. It's purple. -
"Ya,"
However, she was struck by his usual bitter face habit that she had for the first time and tightened her face.
"Please," he said.
"Oh, I'm rude here already."
What are you stupid? He turned his back on her in silence and suddenly, and turned back one by one. But she couldn't keep up with him. He looked back with his face on his face.
"It's irritating."
She came up to him.
The two sat facing the garden in a tatami room facing the garden, but there was nothing to talk about. He smoked the farewell woman and spewed a strong cigarette from his nostril. --Le kama, Perlas, High Life, Pothschilde, El Siglo, Mikruli.
"Now you are in the dormitory, right?"
"Yes."
"Do you hate smoking?"
"Yes, I don't smoke at all."
"Oh, even if you get irritated in the dormitory, you don't have to worry."
"Yes."
"I like this more than anything else."
"Well,"
The eyes move faster than the words. When he saw her, she turned down in a lap. There is no humanity to stare at people for their age. She is a daughter who should meet people in a spacious mansion and play freely until the end of the day. The face that didn't move was shining, as the expression wasn't trained to smile. The beauty of the eyes and the lines of the mouth can hardly be corrected, and if you move, only the pain of the past will appear from the smile. --El Dominio, La Karma,--
"Dad often serves you alone."
"Yes, my dad will listen to me whatever I say."
I see, he thought. It must have been the cause of her pain that came from her father's endless affection. In the soft sorrow of Tomiki, who hangs around her whole body, there is no pleasure that limits the subject of her heart. -
He was sometimes fascinated by her beauty. If it doesn't move, she's definitely a perfect score. However, mysteriously, the desire to reach out to her beauty did not come from the bottom of my heart. For the first time he met her, he swallowed the deep will of God to give people ugliness.
Three days later, he received the first letter from her since he met.
"I thought I was lonely. I was scared. But I was looking forward to coming next Sunday. Please meet me again. Please. Why does the color of the sky look so bright? I lived like a nun every day. I would like to say this to you. Please forgive me. "
He didn't feel like writing a reply even after reading. If I wrote a reply and received another reply, I thought it would end up being a breach looking into the dangerous abyss.
"Love, I'm sorry for this one," he muttered.
Da Katsupo, La Kama, La Rubiya.

The next day, he went on a journey as it was. When he came back from the trip, she sent me another letter.
"I'm sorry for the inconvenience. I'm sorry to meet you soon. I'm lonely, so I went to church from the morning today. Looking out from the window, I thought about all your dreams I had last night. Please see me again. "
He thought it was dangerous. Also, yeah, I could see an awkward figure walking through that heavy love. He immediately wrote a cold reply to her, eating a cigarette.
"You said I was a lonely man, but from my point of view you shouldn't look like a lonely lady. Two lonely men and two lonely ladies are lonely together. In other words, that loneliness should surely be tripled. Your heart must be taken and shut up. "
The name of the cigarette he bought newly-Excelsior, Ambassador, Club Royale Estrellas
Two days later, she replied.
"I received your letter. It's lunch break. I went back to dinner, but the rice didn't go through my throat. I'm just sick. I'm afraid I'll take a break from sewing my sister's red chiyan bathrobe and get in the way because of the letter. I'm not lonely anymore. I'd like to write a lot. I just looked in the mirror at my bright eyes for the first time in my life. "
He thought he had failed. Before I knew it, I came to the pool. But he wondered where the abyss was. He stared at his heart. Then, a big abyss struck in my chest, trying to protect her joy. Then what should I do? He smoked a cigarette unreasonably. El Dominio, La Calma.-But more than that, she needs to avoid her passion. ――But the fact that he thought about it to the left was already in the form of staggering and standing up. -"But if I don't sit down, I have to run away."-El Dominio, Mont Retsupo-
On that day, she came at dusk. He sat quietly for a while in the smoke of his cigarette, the first time he was with her, and then
"If you say goodbye"
"If you say goodbye"
It's just a cloud. Probably thinking that this must be the last. --El Dominio, La Karma--
Three days later, a letter came from her.
"Even if I try to knit, I don't know how many grains of Nanjing balls are wrong, considering only you. I immediately fly to the side of the desk and write this letter. I wrote. Even though I was a child who never woke up in the middle of the night, my eyes suddenly woke up once. Maybe you are still awake and call me. I listen to it. I don't know if I'm really happy or painful. I'm sick. I'm so uncomfortable. I don't think that's the case. But I don't know what I saw and how boring I wanted to disappear and how much I wanted to finish. But I don't like that anymore. The day I can't meet you Somehow, it's by my side. "
He was surprised at this unexpected change. However, this letter is a soft letter. He had a cheerful feeling that his dirty feet were cleansed. --Mont Retsupo, Da Katsupo--Even so, I wondered if she would think about all these things, keeping her beautiful face silent all the time, but the only difference between beauty and ugliness is the difference in skin. He thought. He immediately replied to her.
"I just wrote a letter, but I don't know how a beautiful lady like you would write such a letter of love. I think it would be wise not to write until you write the letter of love. I don't know what line the line between lies and truth is when I receive this letter. Do you have any? Don't let your guard down. I tell you, this cigarette is a mistress who likes much more than you. "
Avalon, Samoa, Dubec.
The next day, she replied.
"How happy I am. My friends in the room tell me that I can't be seen dazzling. I have such a bright face in the meantime. But again, the black half-collar became a good friend. I hated everyone in the world. And I met you and everyone in the world loved it. I have to write in the mountains. I can't write at all. I just can't wait for Sunday. I wonder if it will interfere with my work now. I'm just worried about that. "
If this comes next, this must be dangerous. He thought. He thought he had to flee somewhere on Sunday. --Club Royal, Estrela, Mine Kleine, La Rubiya--

Next Sunday, he talked with a friend in front of the coffee shop's white cake "White Cake" about Keaton's expressionlessness for three hours, forgetting to be hungry.
When he returned home late that night, Yahari saw evidence of her coming in his absence in the room. He immediately wrote to her.
"I thought you must be annoyed today. That's why I ran away. I can't help but run away. Probably any man or woman, your beautiful woman. There's nothing I can't escape from being chased by. Do you know what this is? A barber told me what he said to me: "I see the beautiful woman. When I was asked, I wondered if this had been transformed. ”. When I was chased by you, I had the same psychology as this barber. Please apply ink to your face. "
The name of the cigarette he bought-Da Capo, Jako, Mikruli, Meine Kleine, Dubec.
The next day, she replied.
"The day before yesterday, I was hungry. I knew that I was a windy person. I grabbed the curtain in my room and then looked at the glass door. The door you went out was If it was this glass door, I wondered why my heart was a wall and I couldn't stand in front of you, and I was sick in the middle of your room. I have hair. I've squeezed the sweet pea that I've been to, and I'm done. I can't chase after what I don't know where to irritate. I knew I was going to the place. Please excuse me. I just wrote you a letter. I will soon turn red. I know I should be no longer a shy person. My friend They call me happy. Happiness or unhappiness, I have my eyes turned. In a space of space and narrowness, I am unhappy again. "
"Good," he thought. He wanted to spread the fan to his ability to write this famous sentence.

That night, she suddenly crawls into his room. He circulated and brought a large brazier between him and her with the intention of a wall.
However, I felt the danger of jumping over this brazier, so I arranged the tea set and the charcoal basket in the stone wall. Now he turned to the side, without looking at her face at all, constantly smoking her with the smoke of cigarettes. If you don't see it, you'll probably look like any beauty in the air. --Da Capo, Le Cam, La Rubia, Mine Kleine, Kings down
"I don't like to look at a person's face, and when I think about it, I'm staring at that person and wondering if I'm looking at the other person's eyes or nose. The face of the person who is already looking is split into pieces, and the person ends up with a nose and a mouth, so I am, "he said silently. did. "Your face must look like the air," he said.
For example, talking to her always disappears when he meets her. However, he couldn't keep silent forever. While thinking about something, Da Katspo, Jatsuko, Ambassador--
"I don't have to wonder when I meet you, probably because you and I have been silent for eight years without looking at you. "
Then she turned down and laughed. He thought she would laugh and shatter her beauty. He hurriedly tried to see her ugliness. Her lips were already tight like a small bow.
"I failed," he thought. If you look at those lips, you will surely jump over the brazier and the charcoal basket tonight like a thief over the fence. --Da Katspo, Jatsuko, Ambassador--
Ten o'clock rang. He kept silent for an hour, measuring only the height of the brazier and charcoal basket.
"Then I'm sorry," she said.
When she stood up, she forgot the white shyor and tried to leave. He picked up Syor and put it on her shoulder. As soon as they compared the height of their spines, they were silent with movement.
I knew what to do. But, nevertheless, he had to mutter noble words to himself until he got tired of it.
"I toast to the name written in her letter."
Well, there, his mouth slowly advanced toward her lips, just like the lips that drank up. The next moment he was confused when God presented him with an exam question.
With a mysterious question, "Why does one woman who is so completely beautiful fit in her two arms so quietly?"

The next day, a letter came from her.
"The world has become smaller. My heart has opened my eyes to the deep color of the flowers. I wonder where you love me, even though I hate this kind of selfishness. When I got home, I cried and couldn't cry. But after that, my heart calmed down. Please forgive me. If I, your heart Please forget about the disturbing words and the unpleasant eyes. "
He immediately replied to the letter while smoking Rutssen Zorte.
"I am a thief who secretly stole the princess's little bow from inside the castle. God, please give me punishment."

Two days later, a letter came from her again.
"I'm not happy because the withered petals have lived until this morning. My heart will come back to life on Saturday morning. Nowadays, I only think of spring days. I love you the most. Oh, I have to go home soon. I'm gone. I'm gonna tie my hair and look at the blue sky. "
He immediately replied to her.
"You have to go home. You have to be near the bandits. You have to squeeze your lips. You have to put pressure on your lips. Don't say you like bandits. If you say you like me anymore, I'll steal your treasure and you're done. You're me, this You can't just be a thief. "

The next day, he received a reply from her.
"Oh, nostalgic you, I'm sorry for not answering you."
"I don't mind this," he thought. He stopped reading the letter and smoked. But again, he continued reading after he was sick.
"When you cut and suck a lemon, your heart will flow into your throat. The glass door will not look like the color of the sea. A tangerine-colored lamp will sew through the town in the evening haze. I'm going to put it out. I'm sleeping on the floor because of a cold. I don't say anything to anyone. Now I've lit a lamp in the room of a flower car. This spring, I knit a red chiyan afghan with fine pink and white yarns from Minerva, but when I knit it, I realized that I would never have something like this. Fold it in a triangle. I wanted to put it on my shoulder, and on top of that, the refreshing early summer evening of the stars, on your chest, a beautiful white Afghan shimmers. It's no wonder. My heart has become a gentle sheep's mist. "
When he finished reading her letter, he was vaguely confused by the chased thief. As soon as he searched for a refuge, he read her letter again. But the more he read, the more he felt his feared treasures rushed back and forth. If he were to go any further, he would bravely despise his romance, and no matter how much he tried to smoke, he would definitely crash onto his romance with his cigarette. --El Dominio, La Calca, Club Royal, El Torrera.
The next day, he finally ran away to her again in silence. However, he finished writing a letter to her from the inn he was traveling to.
"I've escaped from you again to a place like this. You're trying to put the Red Chiyan Afghan on my chest with a medal, but I'm still getting that medal. Is too insignificant. No, I can't just get that medal. Again, I'm a thief who sneaks into your house. I'm just yours. All you need is a beautiful bow. If you receive this treasure, the punishment will be a magnificent medal. You can never give me a medal as a thief's emblem. I don't mean to hang out. "

Three days later, she replied.
"Now I'm back from the church. I don't have to worry about being alone. You've gone all the way to a distant place, so I don't want to go to the church either. Suddenly I felt like coming. I just sang "Taninoyuri" lively. When I came back, my friend gave me an apple from my hometown "Kuni". It's already beautiful and beautiful. I want to pray on the snow. No, your heart has a tight color like this. My acquaintance, Captain Yuri, brought back from Germany with a cobalt-colored line. I'll chop it into small pieces with the inserted knife. Yes, my hateful heart. "
He suddenly saw Captain Lian as a knife. He thought that when he traveled, he must have had blood dripping from his heart in his spare time. He immediately replied to her, wrapping a bandage around his heart.
"I must be scared of Captain Lian's cobalt-colored knife. If you have such a shining knife and ask me to chase after me, I'm hungry, without heart. "Okay, do it." But, well, let go of the knife and take a look. That beautiful you, holding the knife like that. Dangerous, dangerous. I'm out of hand. My heart shouldn't be mistaken, it's never an apple that falls on the snow. Actually, I confess, but this heart is no longer It's an animal that's slashed and banded by you. I'm suddenly scared of you. Maybe I'm no longer near the flower with such a knife. "

Three days later, she replied.
"I stared at the blue sky from Satsuki. What a happiness I am. No one knows what made my heart so bright. I'm dying to sing hymns. Please share all of your loneliness and your joy. Uh. I want to feel your room, I sneak up on a cigarette that I can't smoke, and I still sledge this cigarette. "
He thought that the knife had turned into a cigarette. He had one last immovable nail in his chest in her cigarette. "No more." He wrote a reply with a vague hand, taking the bandage of his slashed heart.
"I wonder if I'm going to crawl on you as if I was shot down by you. I don't feel pain in my chest. I told you, as the barber said. Isn't it transformed? You flashed a cobalt-colored knife in front of my eyes, and in the blink of an eye, put it in a puff of cigarettes. This is magic. But then I'll give you a breath of magic. You have to knit Minerva's Afghan once more before I get to your side. I know. Please spit out the smoke of my cigarette at the tip of the cobalt-colored captain's nose. "

Three days later, she replied.
"I wrote a letter to my dad. I wrote about you and me as a child. But I was embarrassed to write too much. I went home and put on a beautiful kimono. I'm wondering if I'll be dyed and become a lively purple bride. What makes me so happy. Then I'll be with you in May. Oh, my hope is deep in the fog. I have never thought about what I can meet with your favorite person. It's strange that you shouldn't naturally think about being near you, oh, it's kind of weird. "
He immediately wrote a reply to her.
"I shouldn't be weird either. Let's hide my face for a while. I'm abandoning the smoke of cigarettes. I want to know that this is magic. I've never thought about love popping out of the fluffy smoke, and it's definitely magic, or at least the harm of cigarettes. I vowed not to smoke for the rest of my life, but for a while now I don't want you to see me. You shouldn't let this hand go from my face yet. Hmm."
Three days later, a letter came from her.
"I'm sorry I haven't come home yet. Please come home early. I carelessly ask my mother to dye my mother's black crested hem with a spilled pattern of small flowers. I don't think I want to have fun when I'm by your side, but I've never thought about pain or sadness. You're better than the white flowers of Taishan tree. It's refreshing, nostalgic, and painless, and keeps me by my side. I'm going to squeeze the black piano's calyx in the auditorium more than the white bird that keeps singing. With a simple and gentle heart, I will relax. I carefully spread out the picture of Gotsuho's Hinata Aoi and the wild thorns, which I crushed while still in the calyx at the church, and looked at them by the floor. What is lonely and what is painful in the world. "
"Sauda, what's lonely, what's in a painful world," he muttered with him.
When he suddenly wanted to meet her, he hurried to the stop as soon as he got into it. He gets on the train. He blew out the cigarette and thought about it with a smile of conscience. -
"Oh, sure, a cigarette is harmful. It's a good idea to light it and bake it."
In his head, a myriad of lit cigarettes swam at her at the end of the score.
――Damas.
――Opera.
――High Life.
――Da Capo.
――Le Cama.
――La Rubia.
――What is lonely and what is painful in the world. While dancing.



Bottom book: "Sadamoto Riichi Yokomitsu Complete Works Volume 2" Kawade Shobo Shinsha
First edition issued on August 31, 1981 (Showa 56)
Issued two prints on October 20, 1999 (Heisei 11)
Parent of the bottom book: "Newly selected Riichi Yokomitsu" remodeling company
October 1928 (Showa 3)
First appearance: "Fujin Koron, No. 4 of the 12th year"
Issued on April 1, 1927 (Showa 2)
* The original notation has been renewed based on the "Working Guidelines for Rewriting Works Written in Old Characters and Old Kana to Modern Notation".
* The bottom book is a large scale of "ga" (ward number 5-86) used for counting things and place names.
Input: Yuho
Calibration: mitocho
Created November 24, 2018
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (https://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
