Sunlit gate
Mimei Ogawa

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Shaved "Bouzu"

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Two | Degree << Do >>
-------------------------------------------------- -----

Sannaka, the priest of Kikan, pulls Ryo-chan, Tatsu-chan, Ayako-san, Tomeko-san, and other things. I came to the gate where the sun was hit.
"Let's play school, come on, line up here," said Mi-chan. However, everyone doesn't know the character well because they haven't gone up to school yet.
"Be careful, number" Bango "!"
"One, two, three, four, five, six, seven."
"Come on, Maru-sho."
San-chan put out white ink "Hakuboku" from his pocket and wrote a large "Oh" Kinamaru on the wall "Hei". Children who have white ink on the cobblestones write a circle on the top of the gate and on the wall over there. Children who did not have white ink, but did not have white ink, put a stick in the muddy mud and put a stick in it to clean it. In front of the gate called "Ara", I wrote "Ka" with soil on the stone pavement "Ishidami". Mi-chan looked at everyone's book, and was satisfied with it.
"Yeah," nodded.
"What should I do now?"
"It's a song" Shouka ". Let's sing the march" Koshinkyoku "."
Everyone sang together with their voice.
"Look, see, open the sky of Tokai, and if the day is really high, the heaven and earth will be sane and hopeful. "Kibo" is a dancing Oyashima "Oyashima" ……. "
"It's okay. Ayako is the best. Tatsu-chan is no good." San-chan added a dot.
"I can sing better," said Tatsu-chan, complaining.
"I'm done with this," shouted one person.
"No, I'm going over there now. Go to Hara and play the war. Be careful and go to the front!"
San-chan issued the command "Gorei". Then, I was the one who stood at the top of the list, and imitated Tentente, Tentente, Totetoteto-with my mouth, and was intimidating. I went. After that, from "after", everyone followed and turned to "Yokocho" over there and couldn't see it.
Just that, the original glass door of the house with the gate "No" made a rattling noise. I was surprised when the maid, Jochu, who had her cheeks and both hands red, came to the gate to go to the messenger.
"Well, I wonder where the bad child is, do this kind of mischief." He stood for a while, and while being taken aback, he was on the gate and on the stone pavement. I was staring at the "front" side of the "tami", the white "maru" written on the wall, and the "maru" of the doronko.
The grandfather of this house is noisy, so every morning, Maiasa and the maid, Jochu, scrubbing the gate and scrubbing the stone pavement. I brushed it with a scrubbing brush. The maid, Jochu, was disappointed when she thought that if she returned from her messenger, she would have to wipe the fence again in order to redo the cleaning. I have done it.
"I don't like the fact that there are a lot of bad boys in this area," he said, whispering in his mouth. I called.
Because this person had stopped earlier, there weren't many people walking. Fortunately, on a sunny day, from morning to past noon, the day often hits, so It was a playground for children.
"Yu-chan, throw it firmly," said Toshi-chan, hitting a pong, a pong, and a grab.
"Okay, I'm going to put out a good ball," said Yu-chan's strong throwing ball. In the inside of Chan's glove, it was called Bone, and it settled well.
In the meantime, I wondered if Yuu-chan's voice was heard, but the ball "Tama" deviated from the aim and made a loud sound "Oto". Then, I hit the board wall "Itabei". The two shrugged together. Then he looked at his face and laughed at him.
"Grandfather is scolding," said Yoshiko, who was looking by her side.
"If you like, I'll do it," said Yu-chan.
"Yu-chan, I'm slipping now. You can be stronger," said Toshio, who was fine.
"This ball is bad."
When the ball hit the wall at the second degree, it made a sound that seemed to break the board. Then, an old man came out to the gate.
"Hey, child, go over there, it's important to break the gate light," Ogoto. "This is the path of people, and throw the ball." It's not a place to play, and I won't forgive you if you hit a fence, "said the grandfather. When I saw my grandfather pulling in, Toshi-chan said
"What do you do if you don't forgive when you hit the fence? What is this kind of fence?", He said, and imitated throwing the ball.
"Let's go to Harappa?"
"Oh, let's go."
Toshi-chan lifted the ball he had in his hand to the high sky and received it by himself. For some reason, the ball fell into the gate and rolled over there.
"Ehen.", My grandfather coughed. I can hear the voice of the maid, Jochu, talking to her grandfather.
"If you don't hear that, just pick it up."
"Really, there are many mischievous children in this neighborhood."
Yu-chan and Toshi-chan had their tongues out. Yoshiko was laughing.
"The ball has entered, so please throw it here," said Toshi-chan. There is no response from "Uchi" in the gate "Mon". Yu-chan crouched down and looked through the gap under the gate, and the ball was rolling around the root of the Sasanqua tree. ..
"Let's bring a lever," said Toshi-chan.
"Why don't you roll over there?"
"Yoshiko-san, you can't come to me," said Yu-chan.
"No," said Yoshiko, with her eyes wide open.
"I'm in trouble."
"If you go inside, I'll get you."
In the meantime, the maid was gone, and the grandfather seemed to go to the garden. When Yu-chan pushed the door on the side of the gate, he turned into a chirin, a chirin and a screaming bell, but he quickly went inside. I rushed in, picked up the ball, and ran again to the outside of the gate. When I closed the door, I used a force to pull it, so the chirping, chili, and clinking sounds made me loud.
"Now, let's go to Hara."
Immediately, the appearance of the children disappeared from here.
* * * * * * * * *
The next day, "Akuruhi" had good weather. At this gate, the day was hit from early in the morning.
The little boy of the charcoal shop, Sumiya, was hanging on the fence and was vaguely flirting. The frost pillars that fell in the middle of the night are gradually melting under the light of the sun. The top of the paving stone is dry, but when the top of the soil is covered, the traces of the feet are attached.
"I wonder if I've already turned around my specialty, Haya," said the kid of the liquor store "Sakaya" around the same year. It was Mr. Kozo.
"I can't help it because it's cold."
"I wonder if it's cold even if it's so fertile."
"If you're stupid, aren't you cold?" Said Kozo, a kid from the charcoal shop Sumiya.
"Sumo, you're strong, right?" Said Kozo, a kid from a liquor store.
"If you are, I will not hurt you."
"Well, come on!"
"Good."
The two little boys, Kozo, pushed each other on the stone pavement of the stone pavement in front of the sun, and fir each other. I was happy. I heard a grunt, yeah, yeah. The old man who was looking at the bonsai of the plum tree on the porch at the porch heard the growls of the little boys, and wondered what it was. I was there.
"Also, I'm making a noise at my gate. Asuko often hits the sun, so I'm glad that everyone came to Asuko and by the fence. It hangs and stains the top of the stone to keep it clean. Which one should I do? "
The grandfather deliberately turned to the gate from the beginning. Then, I looked through the knot hole on the wall, looking through the outside. Then, the two little boys, Kozo, turned their faces into true red and took each other as negative. It was "Sachu" while I was doing it.
"Oh, I'm doing it," said the grandfather, who forgot about it and was still looking at who would win or lose. I did.
"Yes, that's right, it's another push," said the grandfather, who was also strong in himself. Then, in my heart, I thought that fifty years ago, I had a sumo wrestling with my friends and friends in the olden days. ..
"Yes, that's right, yeah, both are pretty strong," said the grandfather in his mouth.
The two little boys, Kozo, both had power and had a good match, but the charcoal shop, Kozo, was more fertile. As I was there, I could see that my physical strength continued, and the kid of the liquor store, Kozo, was exhausted and fell down on the stone pavement. It's gone.
"After all, I'm weak," said Kozo, a liquor store kid, sighing and pessimistic. Grandfather
"What should I do if I don't have such a lot? Let's try another | No.", shouted "inside" in my heart.
"Which one should I do?" Said Kozo, a liquor store kid, who stood up. However, this time, without any pain, I was beaten up by the little boy Kozo of the charcoal shop Sumiya.
"It doesn't matter how much you spend," said Kozo, a kid from the charcoal shop Sumiya. Kozo, a kid from a liquor store, looks really sick. From now on, every morning, even on the "Maiasa" road "Michi", I'm sorry to think that the head "Atama" will not be raised by the little boy "Kozo" of the charcoal shop "Sumiya". 》 Is irresistible.
"Hey, let's do it again, this time, if we lose, we'll give up," said Kozo, a liquor store kid. .. Grandfather
"Yes, that spirit, do it well." In the heart, cheering for Kozo, a liquor store kid, while cheering on the fence. I didn't take my eyes off the knot hole.
"Well, if I get negative this time, I'll give up."
"sure thing."
The two were glaring at each other and were screaming at the white breath, but the little boy at the liquor store, Kozo, was like a bullet. Then, I jumped into the chest of the other party, "Mune". The faces of the two "kao" immediately became true red "ka". Now, this time, "Kondo" is the sumo wrestling "Ozumo". One person is fertilized and has extra power, and one person is not only shameful if it is negative, but finally surrenders. Kosan >> must be done. It's the number one that can't be defeated. Even the grandfather who is watching has become painful.
"Yup."
"Hmm."
The two of them continue to growl and push while they are in a group, or push and return, and the other person's "Ai" I was aiming for a plow.
"Hmm.", The old man was already feeling like he was going to sumo wrestling. Just there, the maid "Juchu"
"I'm coming to Asuko again, and I'm smearing the top of the stone pavement," he said, saying his mouth, and he came out of his own way. The grandfather replied that he should not come here by hand. After all, Kozo, the kid of the liquor store Sakaya, is very good at it. Yeah, yeah, I was pushing the little boy Kozo from the charcoal shop Sumiya, but the little boy from the charcoal shop Sumiya was holding back.
At the same time as the grandfather said, "I'm going to take another breath." The little boy, Kozo, was knocked down by his back, and the fence board was broken. The kid of the liquor store, Kozo, suddenly changed the color of his face to Kyu, wherever the joy of winning was. , I saw the fallen charcoal shop Sumiya's little boy Kozo and the broken wall Hei, but I compared them.
"Okay, okay, I don't care about the fence. It was interesting," said the grandfather, who suddenly went out of the gate to the outside, so the two of them The little boy, Kozo, was surprised twice and said to his grandfather, repeatedly with his head down.
"Oh, I hope the children are fine," said the grandfather, looking up at the sky. Looking at the grandfather's face, the sun smiled and laughed. After that, the grandfather couldn't help even if the child came to play in front of the house.



Bottom book: "Complete collection of Mimei Ogawa fairy tales 12" Kodansha
First print issued on October 10, 1977 (Showa 52)
Issued the 5th edition on September 10, 1982 (Showa 57)
Parent of the original: "Children coming to red clay" Bunshosha
August 1940 (Showa 15)
* The title is "Mon" in the bottom of the book.
Input: Harukaze, a specified non-profit organization
Proofreading: Yuji Sakai
Created August 25, 2017
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
