Alone gift
Masao Yamakawa

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Elegant "Shosha"

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Self |

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) Chingobe [# Emphasis mark on "Chingobe"]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

The hotel was facing the sea. However, there is a wide paved road between the hotel and the sea, and then there is a small green belt in the coastal park. Beyond that, the sea is a deep indigo color with white and light green elegant foreign steamers, countless flat barges and harbor dust. The skin was slowly moving up and down.
There is a small flower shop next to the hotel. In the late autumn afternoon, the transparent light without weight shines colorful cut flowers and potted flowers, and the vivid colors are disturbed only there.
From the entrance, two people who seemed to be a young couple came out. A woman in a kimono made of thin wool makes a canopy on her eyebrows with a dazzling palm, and a man with a shirt, a sweater, and trousers is a hotel. I'm turning the room key with my finger. The two walked around, crossing the pavement and entering the coastal park, as if it was a hassle to stop and turn.
The woman frowned. Place your hands on your cheeks.
"If you think it's raining, the splashes will fly in the wind. It hurts."
The man approached the bench without answering, and the sea struck a roaring sound at his feet.
"The sea is big," said the woman.
The man crossed his legs on the bench. Take the handkerchief out of your pocket and start wiping your glasses.
"I get tired of being exhausted when I'm by the sea."
"So let's go home tonight. To Mejiro's house."
"But I don't want to leave the sea."
The woman also sat on the bench. The man put out a cigarette, squeezed it with his hand, and lit it with a lighter.
The woman is watching it without helping.
"I can't let my mother stay at home forever," said the man.
"Mom, you're good. I like you."
"My mother is very worried about you."
"Hiroshi was like my mother"
"It's a promise I won't say about Hiroshi."
"Oh, I'm sorry."
The man stretched his arms like a deep breath and leaned against the back of the bench.
"I'm going to the store from tomorrow. Let's go to the main store."
"You are great"
"That's not the case," said the man. "There is also the meaning of running away from work."
"Great, you," said the woman again. "I'm glad I wasn't born a man."
"Hey Yoshiko. Cheer up. If you get dented, it's over as soon as you get dented, humans."
"Then I'm done."
The woman dropped her eyes on the road in the park. "I can't help being laughed at or scolded. For me, Hiroshi was ... yes, it was a promise. I'll stop."
"It's like Hiroshi is everything to you," the man smiled. "But Yoshiko, you were originally my wife .... before Hiroshi's mother."
The woman stood up. I walked towards the quay.
It seems that a man is calling. It's a headwind and I can't hear it well. However, the woman does not turn around. The indigo sea is slightly haze off the coast.
The sea is moving. I'm sure Hiroshi has already melted into the sea. It's been another month since I was kidnapped by Nami. It's because it's a small little girl who is only four years old. Why did we go to the beach in September?
"--Hiroshi"
And the woman muttered. During the season, one of the many noticed early. Nobody stopped me from running into the sea without such a big storm.
I'm bad. We're bad. The carelessness of mom and dad killed you, Hiroshi.
A man calls again. My husband is surely worried.
――Husband. Are you a husband? That man? That was like someone else. A strange man.
Suddenly, the sea screams. A gentle roaring sound "Goon". It wraps the woman.
The woman sees herself in the sea. Tell yourself.
The sea robbed Hiroshi. Hiroshi has become one with the sea. ...... If I jump into the sea, can I be one with Hiroshi?
"Why don't you go back to the hotel soon?"
A man's hand is holding his shoulder. His eyes look into his face from the side as if he were looking at something dangerous, and his stiff cheeks laugh forcibly.
Idiot. I think I'll jump in.
"It's okay, please," said the woman. "If I die, I'm already dead."
"The sun is coming," said the man. "It's getting cold"
I remember the moment when I had nothing but the sea, but I raised my face again among the women. The woman looks at the man's face.
"But the sea is darker than here. It's cold. And it's getting colder and colder in the sea. It's winter."
"What?"
For a moment, he looked scared, and then the man laughed as if he was ugly and tight.
"Okay, but don't say anything like that kind of kid anymore."
"I say, I"
For the first time, the man shouts.
"... What can I do?"
The voice blows away in the wind. That's why I also scream.
"I don't have to say anything? If I don't say anything, how can I be happy?"
"Think about me. I'm sad."
The man embraced the woman's shoulder.
"Sadness is lost or drowned, but it's stupid. Why doesn't Hiroshi come back to life. We're coming back. We love each other, support each other, and we have no choice but to start over. "
"You can't redo your life, it's pointless to bet on something you don't have."
"Yoshiko, don't you know that I love you?"
The man put all his strength into his arm.
"Let's go."
As I started walking obediently, I suddenly thought that the woman looked like a good couple. When she came to the front of the bench, the woman waved the man's hand. I sat down on the bench so that it would collapse.
The men also sat side by side. Also, start wiping the glasses. The woman vaguely stared at the man's face.
The man was white like a young husband of a merchant, and his eyes were popping. In her unfamiliar profile with thin eyes without glasses, the woman suddenly saw a terrible and nasty type of thirty man.
The woman laughed a little.
"It's like yesterday," the man muttered after a short pause. "It's too early to try. It's Christmas soon."
"This Christmas is lonely, isn't it?"
"That's right. Really," said the man. "Children are big things for couples. That and Hiroshi's birthday were like milestones in our lives."
The man suddenly noticed.
Such as "Ryoko". The woman had a rigid expression.
The blue cheeks shook, and the woman shouted with a faint voice, with no eyes on her eyes.
"After all, I'll say goodbye, I just can't live with you."
"Again, say that ..."
The woman's throat moved. I kept looking ahead.
"I used to have nothing to do with Christmas. I didn't do anything special at home."
"That's the same with me," said the man.
"I started celebrating Christmas because I was there after Hiroshi was born. That decoration, gifts, treats, and various ideas for Christmas are to me. Was for Hiroshi. "
"Yeah," said the man low.
"I can't stand Christmas without Hiroshi"
The woman said as if screaming. "How about you? The day will come again soon."
The man didn't say anything.
"Hiroshi was good at jingle bells. I can't listen to Christmas music at that house without Hiroshi, I'm sure I'm going crazy."
"... Chingobe [# aside from" Chingobe "]," said the man. "Christmas has been a custom since the birth of Hiroshi. Even though there is no Hiroshi, there is still a lively, fun, and glamorous Christmas. It's empty. Certainly, it's an unimaginable blame. ……I understand"
The woman covered her face. I was sobbing.
"Hiroshi was supposed to give me a present this year. Last year, next year, I'll give my mom a nice present. I'll give her a bunch of flowers ..."
The man reached out to the woman's shoulder. The woman pulled her shoulders violently.
"No more. I wish I hadn't remembered it. I can't forget it anymore. I don't have anyone to give presents anymore."
"I'm here"
"No," said the woman. "I really want to give something, and I don't have a person who is happy to think and plan. That's right. I give a present. Only the person who is happy to give it. I'm a person, a person I really need. I'm a person I really love. I probably don't love you. I loved only Hiroshi. For Hiroshi, I'm your wife I didn't wonder about myself. Only as Hiroshi's mother, I was your wife. That's right. That's clear now ... "
"You are excited," said the man. "Let's talk slowly in the room, right?"
"I'm sure I'm excited," the woman looked angry at the man with tear-filled eyes. "But it's not my idea to break up. Now, from Christmas, it's just a good word about what kind of wife you were. Last night, there, You cheated me well ... "
"Ryoko, but I ..."
"I was thinking before I came to this hotel. If divorce was difficult, I would at least let him separate."
"Separation? Why?"
"I want to be alone. Anyway, I want to go out of my life and take this opportunity to slowly face myself. I think it's all about that."
"Why are you like that ..."
"There are places to go. I'll be living in Mayumi's room in Azabu for a while."
"What is Mayumi?"
"Yes. I hate you, my old classmate. Mayumi, a vulgar TV personality. He's alone in the apartment ..."
"Did you consult? Already"
"Yeah. On the phone. You can always come and stay with me. I was seriously thinking about it. I wouldn't be so careless to break up with a day or two."
The man was silent. His fingers were swaying to smoke, and his eyes were staring at his shoe tips. The lighter made a hard, sharp noise. Surprisingly, the flame is red and bright. Before I knew it, the sun was setting and the man's face was dark. Every time I smoked, the red of the fire came alive and shined in the man's rimless glasses.
"Oh, it's been a lot darker," said the man. "Anyway, I'm going back to the hotel"
The woman looked at the man's face.
"... I wonder if we will get married if we can meet again."
Said the woman. It was a serious, terrible tone.
The man stood up silently and started walking without waiting for the woman. I didn't look back.
The woman took a big breath. The steamers off the coast, the signs on the wharf and buoys, and the mercury lamps in the park, when I noticed, are already full of beautiful light. The days get shorter rapidly. Besides, the coldness is also intense. The woman also left the bench.
When you walk to the exit of the park, the roar of the sea spreads in the light ink-colored space as if you were chasing after it, and the rumbling rang on the ground. The woman stopped when she reached the fence to keep cars out, on the border with the wide paved road. The flower shop next to the hotel turned on several lights, and only there was illuminated in the dusk with the brightness of a small stage.

The future felt like a ridiculously thick and heavy gray wall, but when I looked at it, the passage of time was as quick as a lack.
Certainly, Christmas was coming to the city in no time.
Living in an apartment with Mayumi was fun and boring. Yoshiko spent most of her time as an answering machine.
I never met my husband. My husband only regularly mails checks, no letters, and no phone calls. Thanks to that, Yoshiko hardly remembered her husband.
Mayumi invited Yoshiko to her production party on the night of Eve. Of course Yoshiko said.
"I want to be alone and it's better. You don't have to worry about it."
"I'm all night," Mayumi said. "Thanks to you, I'm very well-behaved these days, right?
"I'll overlook every day."
"Is it non-interfering with each other? We will continue for a long time."
Mayumi laughed. Mayumi's skin was rough, probably because she was single, but she was childish and youthful, and her feelings were cute. I'm sure the difference won't close anymore.
When Mayumi in a gorgeous dress was sent out, Yoshiko became deeply lonely. From the radio and the TV, Christmas will overflow if you twist the switch. The distance of other people's festivals, and my heavy sorrow like an unfocused fog overflows in my heart. After a quick preparation, Yoshiko came out as a distraction. It was the first time in a long time that I couldn't remember how many days it was.
However, Christmas was more lively and full of people in the city. Every store has devised a Christmas sale decoration, and you can hear several kinds of Christmas melodies at the same time, wherever you are. And most of the people walking in the city happily carry beautifully wrapped items that look like gifts. ......
However, only she had nothing to do with all the presents. There is no one to give and no one to give. I didn't buy or get it. She was alone. Suddenly, I was worried. Among the myriad of people crowded in the city and laughing, among all the other human beings tied up with such gifts, she lives alone, independent of them. I was feeling. But why is the present irrelevant only to me? I wonder why I have no loved one. ...... The absence of a loved one came to Yoshiko's chest with fear that she had disappeared for the first time, rather than sadness.
She just fluttered into the corner clothing store. Mayumi. If you give her a present. However, Yoshiko's legs passed through the women's section and made her stand in front of the men's show case. so. Mayumi is happy to get one of her boyfriends rather than me. I also want to give something to a nice man. Yoshiko reached for men's leather gloves. At that time, the seller called out. Of course, I didn't have this in mind. I didn't even think about my husband as much as dew. However, the supple texture of the leather gloves made her fantasize about the cold and cruel charm of a fearless man. She bought it.
While walking down the dark road to the apartment, I found that my cheeks were hot, my eyes were sitting, and my nose was squeezing. When I deeply sniff the outside air on a cold winter night, my chest trembles. From time to time, I felt like my knees were about to wither. I entered the room, turned off the lamp, and lay down, but I couldn't sleep. For the first time, Yoshiko learned that she wanted to be, like the person in the novel. In the darkness, my cheeks burned many times.
Mayumi returned home near noon the next day. Mayumi woke up Yoshiko, who had just fallen asleep, with her high-pitched voice.
"Hey, are you still sleeping? Yoshiko. You have a present."
"Did you go home now?"
Ryoko stands in a bright room, holding a slender ball box with cellophane on the front, while rubbing her eyes to hide the scars she slept in. It was.
"Look, a present, a bouquet. Isn't it nice? It even comes with poinsettia."
Mayumi handed the box to Yoshiko in bed and put her hands on her hips.
"Now, I met a flower shop in the corridor, so I received it instead. Who do you think it was a gift from?"
"... Dead Hiroshi was giving a bouquet to his mom this Christmas."
Yoshiko said in a quiet voice.
"Well, I was surprised. Don't you be surprised? The giver is that little boy."
Ryoko put a bouquet on the side table.
"I'm sure my husband. On purpose, in the name of a little boy," Mayumi said. "I'm going to make him the son of a long-established" Katabutsu ", isn't he?"
Ryoko got up slowly. I wonder why this bouquet isn't really exciting. That was mysterious to me.
The giver of the bouquet was Yoshiko herself. ――Immediately after she decided to separate from her husband at that coastal park, she went alone to a small flower shop next to the hotel, said Mayumi's apartment address, paid in advance for the toll transportation fee, and herself. I asked him to deliver it here for Christmas. …… But why did I do this?
Mayumi is using the bus while humming. Hearing the laid-back humming with or without hearing, Yoshiko was sitting in bed, vaguely looking at the bright, clear sky outside the window.
In this way, I had no presents, and I had no presents. I expected that this Christmas would be empty and sad, and I would take the place of Hiroshi, who had turned into the sea. Yoshiko thought that she had given this bouquet. But ... Unlike those days when I was in a state of confusion in the sky, as if I had crashed into a black hole, I now have a black hole in my bottom. It is about to be fixed in the open state. After all, what I once gave was the "self" at that time. But now, giving me that time as a gift has no effect. I'm already a different person [# "another person" as an emphasis mark].
――Suddenly Yoshiko thought. Certainly, I am now a stranger to me at that time. And if the person giving the present is the person who really loves and needs it, then I will give myself the only person I can love [# "emphasis mark"]. I may have been watching.
Suddenly, Yoshiko noticed. At that time, I wondered if I was chasing Hiroshi, seeking Hiroshi, occupying my heart only by Hiroshi, and turning into the sea with Hiroshi. I wonder if this bouquet is a sign of urgent love from oneself who died with Hiroshi in the deep indigo sea, to a different new self ...?
Ryoko reached out to the bouquet. For the first time, I was moved to enjoy the present as a gift for myself and for others.

There are not many visitors to the coastal park in December. The lawn has withered, the trees have fallen leaves, and only the roaring sound of the sea, "Goon," is making a constant ringing in the desolate and flat garden.
Only one man, around thirty years old, wearing glasses is sitting on one of the benches. He is looking at the sea in the afternoon of midwinter. The sea is gray and stagnant, and today the haze is a little deep. A young woman, ringing her high-heeled heels, passed through the fence leading to the pavement from the hotel and entered the coastal park.
The man doesn't notice. Because of the breaking waves and the wind from the sea, you probably can't hear the rustling sound. The woman approaches the bench where the man is.
"After all, you are."
Said the woman.
The man raises his face. But I don't say anything.
"You? You sent me a bouquet in the name of Hiroshi."
"... Bokuda"
Said the man.
"Forgive me. I did something extraordinary."
"I didn't ask in that sense."
The curtain of white nami 《Nami》 stretched up on the quay and collapsed.
The woman sat side by side with the man on the bench.
"I gave myself a bouquet, so at first I thought it had arrived. But if you look closely, the name of the store is different from what you remembered. That's why I was curious and came to the shop I asked for. "
The woman turns to the hotel.
"That shop. You know, you've been a little closer to you in the fall. Next to the hotel."
"Oh, Asuko is now a gas station."
"That's right. It's irresponsible. Even though I got a special charge for long-distance delivery, it seems like I'm just wearing my cheeks without any greetings."
"Well, then you're me ..."
"Yes, I made a mistake at first, but when I came here and saw your back, I was surprised. I forgot that there was another person who was qualified to use Hiroshi's name. I'm sorry. Until now, I've been awful to you. "
"Will you accept that gift?"
"Of course. You gave me a substitute for Hiroshi. There is no reason not to get it as a mother or wife."
"I was the only one who wanted to give a present."
"Can I accept it too?"
The woman took out the gloves she bought last night from her handbag and put them on the man's lap.
"I'm the only one who wants to give you a present. Now I know that."
"Thank you"
The man carefully kept it in his pocket.
"I was so lonely because no one gave me a present."
"I'm sure couples will give each other their own gifts."
The woman turned her eyes to the horizon, which smoked white in the distance.
"... But why did you come here today? By chance?"
"I came to see Hiroshi. I've been staying at that hotel since yesterday .... because it's Christmas."
"Why are you here?"
"Someday, did you see Hiroshi in the sea here? I came to see the same thing."
The woman was silent. What I saw at that time was Hiroshi's absence [# "Hiro's absence" as an emphasis mark]. But that may be the same.
"Hiroshi called here. You and I."
It may be Hiroshi's absence that called it.
The two stared at the sea. The gray-white smoked sea, with eerily muddy folds piled up one after another, approached the quay with no expression, raising supple white bubbles and leaving again. Every time, unknown things rush in, and I feel that a tremendously huge life is moving behind the dull glowing wall.
"... It's Hiroshi's gift. What made us meet here," said the woman.
"So when will you come home?" Asked the man.
The woman laughed.
"I didn't tell Mayumi that I gave him a bouquet. Mayumi is so, from the beginning, I thought it was your present."
"Mayumi?"
The man puts out a lighter and a cigarette. The woman's hand is clinging, and the man spits white smoke.
"That's right. Mayumi, so I was in a good mood."
"why?"
"Oh, think for yourself," she laughed again. "She, with me, it makes me very well-behaved."



Bottom book: "Summer funeral" Shueisha Bunko, Shueisha
May 25, 1991 (Heisei 3) First edition first print issued
Issued the 3rd print on November 15, 1991 (Heisei 3)
* The mixture of "light" and "light" of "mercury lamp" and "electric lamp" is the same as the bottom line.
* The word note by Mr. Susumu Odagiri at the end of the bottom book has been omitted.
Input: kompass
Calibration: noriko saito
Created December 27, 2020
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (https://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
