One affection
Yoshio Toyoshima

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Numbers are JIS X 0213 area area number, or original page and number of lines)
(Example) Novel 5 [# "5" is a Roman numeral, 1-13-25]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

Various letters come to the literary people from unknown people. Some are like gravel thrown in dashingly, while others are like the scent of flowers carried by the breeze. They have various effects depending on the literary person's own feelings. But with or without a reply, it's his freedom. It's a letter I got from a stranger suddenly, so it doesn't matter if I silently kill or respond. Most of the time, he doesn't write a reply, but sometimes he writes a kind reply.
At one point, a letter with beautiful letters arrived at the literary writer Shinichiro Yoshioka. He is almost fifty years old and has written a lot of novels, but recently he realized that he was weak and couldn't write many novels, and he hated human beings rather than life, and eventually himself. I was sick of it, and I was depressed and drank only alcohol. I read the beautifully written letter that suddenly came in, and abandoned it, but later, I felt something in my heart and read it slowly.

The heat doesn't go away easily, let's play with Mr. Yoshioka in a good mood. Let's play with rudeness and anger at the stupidity that we will send you letters etc.
The teacher who thinks that it is the best in the world, looking at the pictures in the morning and evening, I wish I could dream alone and get the words, etc. I have been holding it deep in my heart as a life worth living.
I lost my healthy health at the beginning of my life when I didn't understand anything. How miserable it is. I have shed tears of blood unknowingly in the painful and painful anguish that I cannot die or live.
How humiliation and obedience can be done to the awkwardness of oneself who cannot bear the slight burden of the body, cannot bear the slight pain of the heart, like an insect, like an idiot, and can do nothing. Let's have to taste it. The more I became aware of my stupid and distorted pitiful soul, the more I retreated myself from the crowd of people in this world.
If you live alone in the countryside and have no desire to interact with people, and you are confined to yourself, loneliness is unbearable as you would expect from a person, and the annoyance of interacting with the world is even more unbearable. I feel the urge to sink myself into the bottom of the endless emptiness. Even if you look at the moon, love the wind that blows in the sky, and try to sprinkle the rabbit on the koto and sanxian, what can you do about the difficulty of saving your deep and deep heart? Neither humans nor nature will accept a small, distorted soul.
There is no love, no talent, no purpose to live.
What does it mean for a stupid and incompetent human being, who is inferior to an insect, to live in this world, even if it is an insect that crawls on the soil? I wonder how happy I would be if I could devote myself to literature, art, and such fine things, and open my way, but I would be immersed in a dreamlike ephemeral fantasy. When I noticed a stupidity without any talent, my heart was messed up by shame and despair, and I couldn't beat it, the energy to walk on the road, the energy to see people's faces, the energy to do anything. However, I lost everything completely, and my heart returned to the painful and painful emptiness that I couldn't find in the world.
There is a gap between teachers and pupils on every road, so I wish I could have the teacher cry and open my soul's eyes and save me. It's been a long time since I was depressed by the foolishness of thinking and worrying about what I could do, without knowing anything and having no acquaintance.
Regardless of shame, thick face, or stupidity, I decided to write a letter once to appeal to Professor Yoshioka, who I think is the greatest in the world, to appeal to this sad and thoughtful thought. It was. It's clearer than looking at the fire that stupid things, stupid frenzy, and the teacher frowning and angry, but I'm already crazy. I wrote this letter.
Please save my poor, lonely and shabby soul. Please tell me about literature. Please tell me to write a novel. Thank you for your lifetime. Please send the sad wishes of your poor little soul. Please lie down and lie down.
It was painful and stuffy, I couldn't write anymore. Please forgive my stupidity.
If you can get a reply from just one line, how grateful you are, even if it is desperate and heart-wrenching.
It was painful and painful ... Excuse me, please forgive me.
Mr. Yoshioka, [# one letter up from the ground] Kimiko Hayama

Something is strange. Such a letter is not easy to write. The characters are beautiful and the style is beautiful, but at the bottom, there is something that can be said to be mysterious. It stabbed a nail in Shinichiro Yoshioka's heart. He took the pen.
The letter came after a long time. It came to come one after another.

It's autumn when Hagi blooms in Nobe.
I would like to ask Professor Yoshioka if he is in a good mood.
Recently, I was pondering and sent a brazen and unreasonable letter to the teacher, and I was staring at the horror of what would happen.
That's what really happened. A great teacher like God wrote a letter to an idiot like me.
I couldn't understand anything, as if I was ridiculed by a fox [# "fox ni" is "lonely" in the bottom line]. Maybe I'm dreaming. I can't believe anything. If it's a dream, don't wake up until you die.
I didn't understand how to thank the teacher, and I thought today was today, but I just spent the day. Please forgive me.
I'm stupid, so I don't know how to say stupid things. If you write only what you can't do and send a letter to your teacher, I'm sure you'll be a tribute to the one who doesn't. It's scary and I can't say anything.
Currently, I feel like I'm full of heart and mesmerized in my dreams, with feelings of regret, happiness, and happiness. And I even feel like I can die.
I don't know what to think about, and I feel sad and sad to cry.
It rained damply all day today. As the sun goes down, the smoked mountain looks like a picture.
I went to Himeji yesterday and searched for a book called "Eternal Man", but I can't find it anywhere. If you are in Tokyo, I'm very sorry, but please buy it and send it to me. Thank you. We will send you 200 yen for the book. But it may not be enough. We will send you the shortage immediately.
Let's just say a lot of boring things and think of them as fools. Please forgive me for being rude.
I pray for the health of the teacher.
Mr. Yoshioka, [# one letter up from the ground] Kimiko Hayama

Thank you very much for your book.
I went to Sumoto for about 10 days and came back yesterday. The book arrived when I was away. I was so happy that I hugged and chewed.
Today I was kind of tired and vague, and I didn't feel like doing anything.
When I remembered the teacher, I was surprised for some reason, and then I felt terrifying and lonely.
I don't know what to do with my stupidity. And again, I can't do anything about it. Thinking and thinking, all the stupid things that don't go down. I'm more stupid than a bug.
The teacher's book, what a fun story book! It's a pity to read it in a hurry, and it feels like something beautiful and delicious. I haven't read "Eternal Man" at all, but it seems to be very difficult. Please read both slowly.
Thank you very much. Only thank you for the book today. Let's just say something boring and weird, and let's play with it unpleasantly. Please forgive my stupidity.
Mr. Yoshioka, [# one letter up from the ground] Kimiko Hayama

Shinichiro Yoshioka was trapped in a strange feeling. That's the feeling that Kimiko Hayama is cuddling right next to her, and at the same time, her figure is distant and hazy and disappearing. What she snuggled up to was the affectionate work seen in the letter. What makes the figure distantly hazy is probably the extremely self-deprecating work in the letter. This self-deprecation consists of two elements. That is, a high evaluation that Yoshioka is the best person in the world and a low evaluation that he is a stupid and stupid insect. The two, which have a two-sided relationship with each other, are more extreme than usual. It didn't seem to fall into Yoshioka, and it was sometimes frustrating. Yoshioka knew from past experience that the affection that women often miss for literary figures is a kind of curiosity and should not be prized much. However, Kimiko's self-deprecation was special. Yoshioka began to ponder her, wondering what kind of person she was, whether she was a disabled person, or whether she was too innocent. When I thought about it, she was in the immediate vicinity, but I couldn't catch her.
Yoshioka's heart was drawn toward her without knowing it.

Thank you for your letter.
I feel like a dream now that I am sending letters to my teacher.
I have always thought of the teacher as the best person in the world. However, have you ever dreamed of becoming a letter from your teacher? Even if I died as it was, I had a long-cherished desire. I felt that I was worth being born in this world. It is now trying to be ashamed of myself in front of the teacher. I am ashamed of my shabbyness in front of my teacher.
Why do you have the courage to tell your teacher what you are as shabby and stupid as a bug? But, but I don't care what happens. I can't help if I fall to the bottom of hell with shame. Please give me a favor.
I had escaped to my current house by myself 78 years ago. I failed to get married.
In the midst of disappointment and despair, I shed tears of sorrow on myself.
Everything was unjust and fraudulent. I felt a terrible fear of life and gave up on all my life. Isn't everything stupid to be despised?
The illusion of death then completely wrapped me up.
I was in it and prepared to jump up and die even with a slight impact. My heart was already messed up. My body was already messed up. I thought my life was over.
Let's die alone, be alone without being violated by anything that doesn't go down. I have been absorbed in this house without suffering from unbearable raw pain.
No matter what happened, I wouldn't go outside from here, and it doesn't matter. ――Then, the terrible days of miserable hearts have passed.
I have one older brother. I live far away now, but my brother gave me a little money, like this, with eight steps of rice fields and five steps of mountains, which are a little far from my house. Gave me. However, how can you live with an income of about a tenant fee? I continued to receive a small amount of life assistance from my brother. My poor and pitiful life like a shabby bug continued forever.
During that time, my heart gradually changed every time I had the opportunity to come into contact with the atmosphere of the world other than myself. However, I just can't understand the hearts of people living in this world. Everyone says I'm naive. I also thought hard about living like a human being. However, it is absolutely useless. When I touch a person, I just suffer painful and unbearable pain.
I was a woman born with a heart that could not live in this world.
I will never be able to emerge in this world. I don't know if it's because of a sick, weak body, a trauma in the past, or an unfortunate state of mind that has been distorted for a long time.
However, there is no beautiful heart anywhere in the world. No matter who I talk to, I don't feel at all, and it's irresistible and painful.
And now, everything I think about is rooted, and my weak heart, which is just stupid like an insect, gradually separates from the world and wanders lonely in the universe with the wind. I have no hope anymore. Some are all the darkness of a horrifying, pitch-black lonely hell. I can't do anything about myself, who is becoming shabby and pitiful like a bug every day. What kind of days will I have in the future as I have lost the energy to live bravely?
From next year …… I have no choice but to take people and make about 5 steps of rice fields randomly. You may or may not be able to do that. If you stay still, you will be so lonely that you cannot breathe.
I am extremely afraid of the teacher's unpleasant feelings, as I have said many things. Please forgive my stupidity. I can't help it no matter what happens. Please give me a favor.
Mr. Yoshioka [# one letter up from the ground] Kimiko

Thank you for your letter.
The teacher should not drink too much alcohol. I'm sure it's poisonous to your body. I'm worried about it.
I wanted to write a letter to the teacher, so I wrote it over and over again. However, I was ashamed of myself, I didn't have the courage to say anything, and I was in agony as if the rushed water swirled.
I am most happy when I think of the teacher.
The rest is all pitiful.
My house is over 60 tsubo. It was old and unsightly, and I used about half of it. Then, there was an earthquake during this time, and about 300 roof tiles that were not used slipped down. I didn't know that at that time. I couldn't hear any sound. I'm an idiot who thinks and thinks about boring things even though I have no ability to live, so I'm sure I was punished. It really can't be helped like me. I have to lay a solid foundation for my life. From now on, I will cheer myself up and do whatever I want. However, after all it will be vague and will be attacked by endless loneliness. A cold, cold, lonely wind blows through my chest. I can't stand it.
I often dream of the teacher. But for some reason I don't understand my face clearly.
If it was a dream that the teacher would come to someone like me, saying that it doesn't matter wherever I am, I would be very happy. But even if you think about it, you will be punished.
I just told you not to go down. Please forgive me. I'm afraid I'll lose my teacher. When should I feel that horror deep in my heart?
I just said a lot of rude things. Please forgive me.
Mr. Yoshioka [# one letter up from the ground] Kimiko

Yoshioka went to the mountain lake for about 10 days. Instead of visiting Kimiko herself, she wrote a letter. The body stopped while the heart was strongly drawn toward Kimiko. There was something in her extreme self-deprecation that hindered people.
Kimiko's life was gradually becoming clearer, and her personality did not seem to be special. It was imagined that he was terribly shy, shy, weak in life, and living alone and lonely. There seems to be a culture. The letters in the letters were also beautiful, but in general, women who write beautiful letters often have bad faces, and women who write bad letters often have beautiful faces, so by that convention, her appearance is ok. It didn't look like a beautiful person. That being said, strangely, Yoshioka was fascinated by her and began to think of her all the time. On the other hand, her self-deprecation was relentless, and even a little annoying, which seemed to be a sentimental habit, Yoshioka frowned. That cut off Yoshioka, making me feel physically inaccessible and emotionally drawn to me.
This feeling was the first time for Yoshioka. It was the first time I received a letter that looked like her letter. I was fascinated by something I didn't know. He was sunk in a feeling of envy, but he fell in love with the unknown Kimiko.
Letters often came from Kimiko. It's hard to bring them out one by one, so let's pick up only the distinctive complaints.

The letter I received from my travel destination was so happy that I cried like a dream. Looking at the field vaguely, I wanted to disappear like a fog.
――――
Kesa woke up very early and listened to the sound of rain until dawn. When I was thinking about ramblings, I couldn't understand myself again, and I was full of sadness.
――――
Because of this, I became a little koto master.
A person taught me about koto and shamisen, and he said that he would be a little better, and he made five disciples. I feel that it's kind of weird.
Then, I sent a box of pears from the shipping shop. He said that it would take 145 days, and that he couldn't accept that he would arrive completely, so he was unreliable. I became sad.
――――
What kind of New Year did the teacher send and play? My New Year doesn't get stuck. I didn't feel like going anywhere, and I was vaguely pondered.
The teacher's letter did not come today. It's painful and painful. I don't know what to do. I don't understand myself or anything. I have a headache. I have a heartache.
The other day, I wrote a rude letter. Would you mind if that bothered me and wouldn't write to me anymore? What should I do? Please reply to this letter. Any letter will do.
I shouldn't think of the teacher. Isn't it ridiculous to even cry in sadness? I don't understand everything. It's painful and painful. The world is as tasty as a rice bran.
――――
I do not have the power to accept the freshness of the world as it is in my mind and body. There are times when I feel like something that is ephemeral, like a sharp haze.
It makes me want to live quietly in some intangible things other than this world.
It was terrifyingly lonely and painful.
[# Indent two characters from here]
The sword is swaying and dying
Dream
[# End of indentation here]
――――
I would like to read a little book from now on. But I don't know how to read it. If you can't feel anything just by reading it, you shouldn't read it. How do you appreciate literature? Please tell me if you are a teacher.
――――
I became very shabby. This has been known since last year. I thought I'd do a lot of work, but I couldn't leave it to myself, and I finally felt sad. A few of my rice fields are bought by the government, such as absentee landlords, and fall into the hands of peasants. I'm angry and irresistible. It would be nice if you could bring something as small as one town walk or less.
I have a lot of money. But I don't know how to get it. Poverty is painful and irresistible. I have a lot of money. I have a lot of money to live comfortably. I always hate the pitiful shabbyness.
Teacher, if you don't want to write this letter anymore, please. Please say just one word about it.
Losing the teacher is unbearable, unbearable.
Please tell me that it is okay to lose the rice fields. And please continue to write a gentle letter.
――――
The teacher will be able to give me some kind of affection. The reason why a person like me was able to send a letter to the teacher even for a moment is that God should show me the illusion of the teacher instantly for the sake of my thoughtful heart. Thank you. I feel lonely and sad.
Tonight is an eerie night of rain and wind. I'm not sleepy at all.
Teacher, please. Please write to me once. Please write a letter that clearly shows the last thing.
――――
Teacher, I am very pleased that your work has been completed. I hope you have made a wonderful product. I am most pleased that the teacher writes a good one. I would like to ask someone like me to send you only letters, and to somehow disturb the teacher's feelings and cause inconvenience. Please forgive me.
Is there a time when the teacher will come to someone like me someday? Isn't that something you never dreamed of? How happy it would be if you thought of me as a young girl living in the country and acted freely.
The other day, I sent you some rice and cigarettes. There is nothing in the countryside. Please forgive me.
――――
I went to Himeji the day before yesterday, I was put in a thief for a while, and my kimono was completely removed. I don't feel comfortable living and I'm going to die. When I think about it, my chest hurts and I don't feel like eating rice.
It makes me lonely and sad. I wonder how happy I would be if I died and had something left to do with my teacher, but this is really rude.
Please forgive me for thinking about the teacher. Only that gives my heart a tailored dream.
――――
I'm dying, I'll write to you again. Wouldn't the teacher even say that I didn't like it anymore? Thank you. Please say a word about that. Please listen to it as soon as possible. I'm happy with it right now. How many days do I have to wait for a reply? I can't wait another day. Don't wait for a minute or a second. Thank you. Please say clearly this. Please do it right away.
――――
The young lady's illness irresistibly hurts her chest.
How do you feel your heartache? In return for my life, I am crying and thinking about the Buddha. Please be careful and do not lose to illness. A long time ago, when I had a lot of water in my pleurisy, my fever was 40 degrees, I couldn't breathe, and I was really scared, I was scared to fall into the depths of death in total darkness. I wanted to walk in the sunlight, and in my dreams I struggled, so I was able to escape from death.
I don't understand the condition of the young lady, I just feel sorry for her.
I am working hard on the Buddha to heal my daughter's illness. I don't mind dying right now. Instead, I am praying for the Buddha to heal the illness of the young lady as soon as possible.
My heart hurts irresistibly because of the will of my dear lady and teacher. I am sad and sad.

When Shinichiro Yoshioka's daughter died of illness, Kimiko Hayama sent a short condolence letter and Kakusu, which tend to be out of context. And then, stubbornly, her letter broke down. There was no reply to the letter I sent from Yoshioka twice. Yoshioka was impressed that Kimiko had disappeared somewhere.
Yoshioka thought that would be good too. Her feelings for her weren't as raw as romance, but in a way they seemed to be deeper. It was difficult to grasp the substance, but it was rather abstract, so on the contrary, it remained in my mind without any turbidity. Or maybe it was a projection of her mind. She was just pure and pure, with no physical turbidity. For herself, for him, the letter was all. Perhaps she was a remnant of a past era, as some of the letters show, so she could slip into the letter.
She was a kind of transparent and pure affection for him. At times it was annoying to him, but now it's a quiet, unforgettable flower that has faded a bit.



Bottom book: "Yoshio Toyoshima's Collection of Works, Volume 5 (Novel 5 [#" 5 "is a Roman numeral, 1-13-25], drama)" Miraisha
Issued the first print on November 15, 1966 (Showa 41)
First appearance: "New novel"
April 1949 (Showa 24)
Input: tatsuki
Proofreading: Hiroshi Kadota, Shigeo Kobayashi
Created on September 20, 2006
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
