Hojoki
Kamo no Chomei

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Numbers are JIS X 0213 area area number, or original page and number of lines)
(Example) Five * [# "釆" instead of "禾" of "grain", 544-14]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

The flow of the river going is constant, and not in the water of the book. The person who floats in the stagnation disappears and is tied for a long time. People and Sumika in the world, like that again. The breasts of the brilliant people who line up the breasts in the city of balls are the ones that can't be found for generations, but if you ask them to be true, the old houses will be rare. .. Or, it is torn and made, or it becomes a landlord and a small house. The people who live in this area are the same. There are many people, but there are only 230 people inside, and there are only two people. If you die tomorrow and grow up in Yufube, you can resemble a bubble of water. A person who is born and dies without knowing it, comes from one side and leaves. Also, without knowing it, Kari no Yadori, who mourns his heart, and somehow makes his eyes happy. It's not like the dew of the morning face, as if it's the same as Sumika, and the way that the impermanence is gone. Or dew and flower paste. The rest of the day does not wither in the morning sun. Or the flowers are deflated and the dew does not disappear. Even if it doesn't disappear, there is no need to wait for Yufube. 』\ I don't know the heart of things, but I don't often see the mysteries of the world during the forty spring and autumn. On the 8th day of April, 3rd year of Angen, it was blown violently, and at night, only at the time of the dog, the fire came from the city of Tatsumi. At the end, I moved to Suzakumon, Daigokuden, the university dormitory, and the Ministry of Popular Affairs. It is said that Himoto will come out from the alleys of Tomi Higuchi and the sick people. The more it moves in the breeze, the more it doesn't become like a fan. The distant house is soaked in smoke, and the nearby ones just blow the scent on the ground. If you blow ash into the sky, it will be reflected in the light of the fire, and while it will be blown away by the wind, it will move over 12 towns as if it were flying. go. The person in it is depressed. Some hires lie down in the smoke, or die instantly in the flames. Or, even though I suddenly got rid of myself, I couldn't take out the resources. Seven rare treasures, just like ash. The soba noodles that go on. This time, the lord's house is burned 16 times. Besides, I don't know the number outside. Of all the cities, three-thirds are two (one a). Thousands of men and women die, and they don't know the edge of horse cows. It should be an excellent samurai to make a house in Kyoto, which is dangerous, and to heal the heart while being afraid of all the people's cousins. Also, around the 9th day of Hizume Uzuki in the 4th year of the Jisho era, a big whirlwind occurred from the middle of the Mikado Kyogoku, and it was a samurai who could blow up to Rokujo. There is no choice but to break the houses and the great Mochihisaki that are trapped in the 34 towns. There is also a touch on the palm. There are times when I'm left alone. Also, blow off the top of the gate, place it in the middle of Shigomachi (other a), blow up the fence again, and make it one with the neighbor. From the inside of the house, I made a number and went up to the sky, and I felt like the wind of the leaves of the winter trees. If you blow the dust like smoke, you can't see everything. I couldn't even hear the noise of the terrifying sound. Even if it's the business style of hell, it's just like that. Not only did he lose his house, but he didn't know what to do while he was repairing it. Move on to this wind-hugging person and make a lot of people's auctions. A whirlwind always blows, but there are things that can happen. Not every time. I suspect that it is something that should be done. Around June of the same year, I was a samurai in the city. It's an outlier of Ito. When I heard about the beginning of Kyoto, I was already 100 years old at the time of the emperor of Saga, after I went to the capital and Sadamari. If there is no difference and there is no way to change it easily, it is just a matter of people in the world, slacking off from ease. However, I didn't have any trouble, and I started to serve from Mikado, and all the ministers were transferred to the Kyo in Naniwa, Settsu Province. A person who serves the world, one person stays in his hometown. People who think about the official position and ask for the shadow of their lord will be depressed and hurt even for a day. If you lose time and have nowhere to go, stay in the world. The eaves are struck by people, and the sun goes on and on. The house spills and floats on the Yodo River, and the ground becomes a field in front of you. All the hearts of people are warmed up, and only the saddle is made heavier. No one uses an ox cart. Only wish for the territory of the Southwest Sea, and do not like the manor of Tohoku. At that time, there was news from the beginning, and I arrived at the present Kyo, the country of Settsu. Looking at the state of the place, it was as narrow as the place, and it was not necessary to go around Jori. The north is high above the mountains and the south is close to the sea. The sound is always noisy, especially the sea breeze, and if the inner lining is in the mountains, the Kano-no-Maruden is also quite fragile, and the person who says it is a samurai. I wonder if I can build a house that spills every day and spills over the river. There are many places where you can make things, and there are few shops where you can make them. The hometown is already there, and the new city is still there. All the people who are there are the main characters of the floating clouds. Those who have been here from the beginning have lost their land and are happy, and those who are living now are reluctant to have civil engineering problems. If you look at the side of the road, you should ride in a car and wear a horse, and you should wear a garment and a garment. As soon as the city is pretending to be a samurai, it's just a samurai. It's easy to hear about the world's soul, and if the sun goes up in the world, people's hearts don't heal, and the people's joy is exhausted, the winter of the same year, Grace Return to this Kyo. I didn't make everything in the original way, wondering how the lonely houses would be. To ask the den faintly, to the wise prince of the ancient times, he will wake up the country with a sword. That is, the butterbur sprout on the palace and the eaves. When you look at the smoke, you should forgive as many things as you can. This is due to the people and the support of the world. You should not know what the world is like now, in the old days. It's been a long time since I was in Yowa, and I haven't been able to remember it. Or it's spring / summer day, or it's a big wind in autumn / winter, a lot of water, etc. Everything is fine. It is vainly cultivated in spring, and there is a feeling that it can be planted in summer. As a result, the people of the nations, or the land, are abandoned and left Sakai, or the houses are forgotten and they live in the mountains. Various prayers have begun, and there are many laws that must be done, but there are no signs of them. In the case of Kyoto, even if you attach it to a chick, everyone will swear at the countryside, but if there is no endless climb, you will also make samiya and misa. There are no people who are even more eye-catching, though it seems to be thrown away from various treasures and people. The ones that happen to be easy make the money lighter and the millet heavier. Look at the beggar's side of the beggar's ears and hear the sadness of joy. I can't live like the previous year. I wondered if I should stand up in the coming year, but there is nothing left to do with Amasa Hee, Miuchi Sohi, and Masaru. If all the people of the world die of starvation, the sun will go on and on, and the leaves of the fish with little water will come true. At the end, there are hats, legs, legs, good-looking things, and every house. If you look at the things that are afraid, you will not fall in love with them. There is no such thing as a hungry sword on the street. If there is no need to dispose of it, there are many things that can't be seen in the world of Kusaki incense. There are no horse-drawn carriages on the roads such as Ihamu and Kawahara. If the mountains grow stronger and become more vulnerable to firewood, the unskilled person will spill his house from Mizu and go out to the city. Taru Atahi, the grace day is less than the life. The suspicious thing is that it gets stuck in the firewood, and it gets stuck in places such as white cats and swords. There is nothing that should be done if this is scrutinized, and you can reach the old temple, squeeze the Buddha, remove the ingredients of the temple, and squeeze it. Born in a muddy world, he is a samurai who licks his heart. 』\ Mono no aware samurai. Whatever you have, such as a woman and a man, will always die with a deep heart. That Yue is made up of what he happens to be, whether he is a man or a woman, as if he were a man or a woman. Then, if something with a father and son is deceived, the parents will die. In addition, (father A), even if the mother ordered her to lie down, she could suck on the breast of her lonely child and lie down. At Ninna-ji Temple, the Jisonin's Great Sir Takashi Houin, Kashitsu, and Kazutsu, wondering if he would die without hesitation. You can write and squeeze the work of squeezing the edges. To know the number of people, if the forty-five moons are about to reach, in Kyoto, south of Ichijo, north of Kujo, west of Kyogoku, east of Suzaku, heads on the banks of the road, all Shima There can be more than 2,300. Many people die before and after that, and there should be no limit to the number of riverbanks, Shirakawa, Nishinokyo, and various areas. No matter how, the seven roads of various countries. When I was in the throne of Sutokuin, I heard that it was possible to do something like Chosho, but I don't know what the world is like. It's hard to say that it's just around the corner. ] Also, around the second year of the Genryaku calendar, I was a samurai. That wandering pinch. Fill the river with mountains, hit the sea and immerse yourself in the land. The soil is drained, the water rises, the boat is slaughtered and enters the valley, the Nagisa Kogufune is a wandering ship, and the pieces that go on the road squirm the feet. On the banks of the city of Ihamuya, there are many temples and temples, not all of them. It's like smoke that rises from dust and ash while it's smashed or touched. The sound of the Furuhi family on the ground, no matter what. If you stay in the house If it sticks out, it will be broken again. If you don't have wings, you can't go up to the sky. If it is a dragon, it is difficult to climb into the clouds. I'm afraid that it's possible to be an earthquake. Among them, a samurai of only six or seven of one's only child builds a small house under his cheeks and plays with a fragile aftermath. However, when he was squeezed by a sword, he was struck by his palm, and his two eyes were squeezed out. It's just that you can't see it. As for the child's shame, I remembered that the kimono was forgotten, and I thought it was a shame for my cousin. It's often the case that the terrifying and terrifying behavior stops for a while. There is always a surprising earthquake, and there are no days when it doesn't sway at 230 degrees. After 10 days, it became a madoka, or 45 degrees, a few times, if it was a day, once every few days, etc. Samurai Kemu. Of the four major species, the water, fire and wind always do harm, but when it reaches the earth, it does not do anything special. Once upon a time, it was Saikō. I pretended to be a Buddha, and the Buddha of Todaiji Temple fell off, and I was also a samurai, but this time I'm grateful. All the people who say that they are not good, and it seems that they are smoldering in their hearts. 』\ It's all about the world's gratitude, my body and my home, and it's like an ephemeral wandering. Depending on where you are, you can do whatever you want to do, soothing your heart. If I didn't get rid of myself, I would be deeply pleased with what was in the side of the gate, but it must have been a great pleasure. No crying with a loud voice even when there is a cry. I couldn't move forward or backward, and I was afraid of it, and I felt like I was getting closer to the sparrow's hawk's nest. If the one next to a poor and rich house is a wife and a child who wanders in the morning and evening and goes out, and even if I see my envy, there is no one in the rich house. Even when I hear it, it's not easy at times because it moves with all my heart. If you're in a cliff, you won't be able to avoid the harm when it burns nearby. If it was in a remote area, it would be difficult for the bandits to go back and forth. Something that is lively is greedy, and something that is alone is swayed by people. If you are poor, you are afraid. If you ask for a person, you will be a different person, and if you ask for a person, you will be gracious. I've been to the world, but I'm wearing it. It's like going crazy again. Whatever you do, what kind of work you do, you should take care of yourself for a while and soothe your heart. 』\ I lived in his place for a long time after leaving my father's grandmother's house. After that, I was struck by the edge, and I was sick, and I couldn't help but squeeze my heart and soul into thirty. It's enough to squeeze this into a sword. It's not enough to build a ridiculous house, just to get rid of the house. There is no slack in the gate, even if you just put it on. With bamboo as a pillar, cars and swords. Every time the snow blows, there is no danger. If the place is near the river, the water is deeply difficult and there is a risk of white waves. It's been thirty years since I've been thinking about the world, and it's been thirty years to soothe my heart. In the meantime, I'm afraid that I'll take a short luck from my soul. Towards the spring of fifty, leave the house and turn away from the world. Of course, if you don't have a wife and children, you can't throw them away. I don't have a government official in my body, and I'm obsessed with what I'm wearing. In vain, the clouds of Mt. Ohara are emptied, and the spring and autumn of soba noodles are painted again. 』\ There are 60 dew disappearances, and there are times when the end leaves can be tied. Ihae hunter's inn was built, and the eyebrows of old or chicks are used as a cousin. If you move this to the middle of the corner, it will be less than a hundredth. Anyway, Yohahi is smashing every year, and Sumika is shaving. It doesn't look like the house's appearance, and its width is slightly square and its height is seven shaku. I have to decide the place, but I don't make it by closing the ground. I picked up Doi, wiped the butterbur sprout, and put on a sword for each second. If something isn't right in your heart, it's easy to lie down. When I make it again, I have some trouble. There are two vehicles where they are piled up. There is no need for other uses other than the power of the car. Now, after leaving behind the back of Mt. The festival is held with the statues enshrined, and after the sun sets, it is used as a light between the eyebrows. Samantabhadra and immovable statues are hung on the door of the book. On the shoji in the north, put the black leather basket 34 go on the Chihisaki shelf. You can put abstracts such as Japanese poems, strings, and collections of scholarships. Beside you, Biwa, each one has a sword. Or loosely, this is Tsukibiwa. To the east, lay a bracken bracken and a tsunami to make it a night floor. Open a window in the eastern fence and put out a sword here. There is a gap on the pillow. This is a shiba fold. A small area is set up to the north of the hermitage, and the scattered Himegaki is used as a garden. Sunahachi and all kinds of herbs. It's like the way Karian is. There is a wandering place to the south, where you can collect water by folding rocks. If you're close to Hayashiken, you won't be able to pick up a tsumagi. The name is Toyama. Masaki's Kazura is snarling. It's a valley, but it's sunny. There is no reason to think about it. In spring, you can see wisteria and smell like purple clouds in the west. In the summer, he listens to the cuckoo and tears off the dead mountain road. In autumn, use it for the voice of the sun. I asked if I could make the world of depression. It snows in winter. Don't be afraid to be guilty. If you are not happy with the Nembutsu, you will have a rest from Mizukara, no one will straddle you, and you will not have any friends to hang out with. Even if you are silent, if you are alone, you should wake up. I'm sure I'll keep the ban, but if I don't have a boundary, I'll break it. If you want to go to Shiranami later, go to Okanoya and look at the boat, and Saya will take a look at the atmosphere. Mainly, follow the flow of the source capital (Shinshin). If it's too much fun, I often play the songs of the spring to the sound of water, to the pine trees and the autumn breeze. Although the bush is not so good, it does not make people's ears happy. Look alone, sing alone, and nourish your heart from Mizu. ] There is also one Shiba-an at the foot of the mountain. This is where the mountain forest of Sunahachiko is. There is a small child here and there, and sometimes he comes and hangs around. If you get stuck, play with this as a friend. He is sixteen years old, we are sixty, and although it is out of the question, it is the same to comfort his heart. Remove a certain hatsubana and take a story (Rii). Also, hold the basket and pick up the auction. Or, when you reach Tai, you pick up Ochiho and make a loosening. If the sun goes up, I will climb up to the ridge and hope for the sky of my hometown. See Mt. Kibata, Fushimi no Sato, Toba, and Hazukashi. If you don't win, there's nothing to comfort your heart. When you are far away from Ayumi, you will cross the Minetsuki Sumiyama, pass Kasatori, go to Iwama, or scold Ishiyama. If Awazu's field is divided, Semimaru-oh hangs around, crosses the Tagami River, and Sarumaru Dayu does not leave the grave. To return, hang a sakura on the sword, seek the autumn leaves, fold the bracken, pick up the fruit of the tree, and once serve the Buddha and make it home. If it's late at night, I'll sneak up on the deceased on the moon in the window and squeeze my sleeves into the voice of the monkey. The fireflies of Kusamura are distantly bonfired on the island of Maki, and the rain of the rain is similar to the storm of leaves blowing from the shore. Even if you hear the roaring sound of a mountain bird, or if your father or mother is close to the sword of Mine, you will know how much it makes you feel at home. Or, ignite a fire and make it a friend of the old satori. It's a terrifying mountain, but even if you put the voice of Fukurofu on it, you won't be able to make it on occasion when you see the scenery in the mountains. For those who think deeply and are deeply known, this is not the only option. Most of the time, when I lived in this place, I was overtly and humorously, and now I'm in a hurry. The hermitage has become a fluffy shop, the eaves are fluffy, and the auction is covered with moss. If you ask the city from the news of the story, after staying in this mountain, you will also hear about the hidden salary of the unscrupulous people. Not to mention that number, you shouldn't know this. A house that is often on fire, and soba noodles again. Only Takari-an is noisy and no fear. There is a floor where you can lie down at night, and there is a seat where you can lie down. There is no shortage to get rid of oneself. Gauna Hachihisaki This is a good way to eat shellfish. The osprey is in the rough shore, because it is afraid of people. It's just like me. If you get to know yourself and the world, your wishes will be irresistible. If you want to make a habitat for all the people of the world, don't always do it for yourself. Or make it for his wife and children, or for his close friends. Or make it for the lord, master and fortune, horse cow. I'm slipping for myself now, not making it for people. When it comes to Yuikan, in the present world, there are no people to be familiar with, and no one to enjoy. Even if you can make it with a lot of effort, you will be able to find out who you are and who you are. 』\ It's a friend of the person is rich, and the first thing to do is to become a kid. If you are always sympathetic, you will not love it as soon as possible, and you will have to make Kagetsu Arashi a friend. People's humorous things take care of the punishment and punishment, and make the gratitude heavy. Furthermore, even if it's a mess, it's easy to get rid of the spring, and it's inevitable to make myself a nobi. If there is something to be done, grab yourself from the eggplant. It's easier than looking at people, even though it's not easy. If there is something that should be done, walk from the beginning. The measles and the ox cart can only be used to heal the heart with the horse saddle ox cart (similar to two characters). Share yourself now. It has two uses. Hand stuff, foot glue, often the edge of my heart. If you know the swelling of your mind and body, you can rest when you squeeze, and use it when you squeeze. I don't spend a lot of time, and I don't move my heart very much. No matter how much it is, it should always be and always work (moving), and this should be cured. I have a good night's sleep. It is also a sin to afflict people and mourn them. I should use other power. 』\ The same as the food and clothing. Even when he was a wisteria, hemp bran was hidden in order to obtain it. The Tsubana of Nobe, the fruit of the ridge tree, and the life of the mine. If you get angry with people, you won't have any regrets about your appearance. If it's good, it's neglected, but it has a sweet taste. It's all about swearing, and I'm not afraid of being rich and joyful, and I'm just trying to squeeze the past and the present for myself. There is no envy and no fear than abandoning yourself after leaving the world. Leave life to heaven, and you shouldn't do it. The fun of the first term fits on the pillow of the song, and the hope of a lifetime is the beautiful scenery of the song. 』\ It is one heart in the three worlds. If you don't feel at ease, you won't be happy with Ushiba Shichichin, and you won't have any hope for the Palace Tower. I love this from Sabishi Kisumahi, Hitomaan, and Mizu. When he goes out to the capital from his own soul, he tries to be a beggar, but when he is in Kaheriteko, he admires that he wears other profane dust. If you sing this song, see the field of fish and birds. Fish do not get tired of water, and when they come to fish, they know how to feel their hearts. Birds pray for forests, and if they see them, they don't have their hearts. The scent of the quiet place is also like this. I don't live and I'm hungry. 』\ In the first place, the moon shadow of the first term is close to the mountain. What kind of work do you want to do when you suddenly get caught up in the darkness of the three ways? When the Buddha is sent to the teachings, he must not be obsessed with it. The source who loves Imakusa-an should wear it in a quiet atmosphere. I'll spend some time vainly with the fun of squid. 』\ Shizuka Naru, thinking about this, asks his heart from his own heart, and when he escapes from the world and is in the forest, he is afraid to go down the road. However, you look like an elbow, and your heart is murky. Sumika was injured after the resident of the sword, but the place where she had it was suddenly less than the line of Toku Zhou. If I do this from the news of poverty, or if I have a delusional feeling, I will not answer further at that time. I'm sorry to say that I'm sorry for the unsolicited feeling, and I'm sorry to say that I'm sorry. Occasionally, it is the second of the Kenryaku calendar, and it is marked by Yayoi's New Year's Eve, Kuwamon Renso, and Toyama's hermitage.
[# Indent from here]
"The moonlight is good to see the light that has come to the edge of the mountain."
[# End of indentation here]



Bottom book: "Kokubun Daikan Diary Kusakobe" Meibunsha
First edition issued on January 30, 1906 (Meiji 39)
Reprinted on October 12, 1909 (Meiji 42)
* This file was published as a text file for Japanese literature (http://www.let.osaka-u.ac.jp/~okajima/bungaku.htm) and was recreated in Aozora Bunko format.
* For proofreading, we used "Kokubun Daikan Diary Kusakobe" Itakuraya Shobo, published on October 27, 1903 (Meiji 36).
* The text of "Hojoki" is a dissemination book system.
* Warichū is in parentheses.
* Both "Currently passing font <" and "Hentaigana derived from ambition" are entered with "".
* The years of death of the supervisor and editor are as follows.
Supervisor Motoori Toyokai (Sunset, February 15, 1913)
Same as Masako Kimura (Sunset on April 10, 1913 (Taisho 2))
Same as Kosugi Sugimura (Sunset on March 30, 1910 (Meiji 43))
Same as Inoue Yorikuni (Sunset on July 3, 1914)
The same late Naobumi Ochiai (Sunset, December 16, 1903 (Meiji 36))
Editor, Katsura Maruoka (Sunset, February 12, 1919)
Same as Daizaburo Matsushita (Sunset, May 2, 1935)
The dates of death other than Matsushita are based on the Kodansha Academic Bunko "Great Japanese Name Dictionary".
Matsushita's death date is based on Masanobu Tokuda's "Modern Grammar Illustrated Book" (Meiji Shoin).
The copyrights of the editors have disappeared.
Input: Akihiro Okajima
Proofreading: Shigeo Kobayashi
Created June 22, 2004
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
