Peasant's foot, boy's foot
Nankichi Niimi

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Unkaji Temple "Ungeji"

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Shito | Barrel "Taru"

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) [# 4 indentation] 1 [# "1" is a middle heading]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

[# 4 indentation] 1 [# "1" is the middle heading]

On December 12th, Mr. Kikuji, a poor peasant, accompanied Mr. Osho of Ungeji to gather around the first rice of rice, Komehatsuho. ..
Hatsuko Yone is a new type of rice that was harvested in the fall of this year, and the village peasants gradually offered it to the temple and asked the Buddha for the future world.
When Mr. Kazuhisa stood at the door of the village houses and read a short sutra, the peasants knew Mouchiyan and put new rice in a box and came out from the back. It was Mr. Kikuji's role as a companion to receive the rice, put it in a bag, and use the fugo [# "fugo" as an emphasis mark].
By the way, rice was a good harvest in the fall of that year, so the peasants did not do it and put out a lot of first ears. Then, when the two bags became sick, Mr. Kikuji had to open the rice up to the rice bowl "Komebitsu" in the temple's kuri. By Higurashi, Mr. Kikuji had gone through five places. And soon, when the bag was about to run out, the sun went down and the house in Chiya Udo Village was over.
"It's already dark, but what about Karasudani?"
Kazuhisa shook his head. Karasuya is a village at the bottom of a valley far away from Jyugocho Kurai, and there were only five houses of peasants. However, the peasants of Karasuya made and had delicious sake.
"I already have a lot of rice, but what about Karasuya?"
Said Mr. Kazuhisa again.
"Saah."
Mr. Kikuji, who does not dislike alcohol, answered for a long time.
"When I came to Karasuya, the return was at night, but what happened to him?"
Mr. Kazuhisa, who is not afraid of alcohol, shook the beads three times.
"Sa [#" Sa "is mom]-. "
Kikuji replied with a long-lasting answer.
"Yes, leave it, let's go. Kikuji, you, if you don't like it, it's easy to come back alone."
Then Mr. Kazuhisa started walking toward the valley.
"Why don't I come back? If you're with Mr. Kazuhisa, I don't like it even in the hell pot."
Kikuji hurriedly followed Mr. Kazuhisa.
When I arrived at Karasuya, one of the peasant families there came along with a barrel of delicious sake from a barrel and gave me a treat.
Mr. Kazuhisa
"There is no such thing as a liquor lover. This is the mercy of the Buddha."
And when I do something like a sermon,
"Is this sake brewed with the water of the west spring or the water of the east spring? What is the water of the west spring? It ’s delicious. ”
I praised him and gave him a lot.
Mr. Kikuji is Mr. Kikuji, sitting on the threshold 《Shikii》, squeezing the towel with both hands,
"No, there are so many, and I'm going to accompany you."
And when
"No, Mr. Kazuhisa doesn't have any luggage, so I'm sorry no matter how much I get, but I have luggage, so if I get too much, I can't move."
After all, there are many.
When I left the house, there was still one more house left, but Mr. Kazuhisa started climbing the narrow path when he was about to go home while doing a get-together.
It was already night. The moon that once shined in the sky from the fluttering began to shine, and the flowers of the mountain tea flower "Sasanqua" that bloomed at the corner of the narrow path looked stuffy and white.
The road was winding and winding in the field, and it was heading towards the village. When they came to Shigomachi, they heard a voice calling from behind.
"Wait for me--, please."
Someone called me at the bottom of the valley.
"What's wrong? I wonder if I've forgotten something."
Said Osho, stroking and suppressing his own body.
"I'm going right now, please wait."
When did the old-fashioned voice say?
In the meantime, something like a shadow of a person came into view in the moonlight.
"It's a chinba."
After a while, Mr. Kikuji came. This is because the figure is chick-making and chick-making is approaching.
"Oh, it's painful and painful. No, I'm sorry to have kept you waiting. What, I've been chasing after having this."
The old man, who came out of breath, put out a bowl of rice in front of them.
"Yeah, I wondered what I was doing again."
Said Osho, who received the bowl in a boring manner.
"No, I'm sorry to have kept you waiting. But now, when Mr. Kazuhisa is coming back to Karasuya with his first ear, don't give me his first ear. I'm sorry for the inconvenience. Thank you for your cooperation. "
The elderly peasant, the peasant, went down the slope again, with his face shining like a person who played a heavy role.
The other two bags were so hot that Mr. Kikuji put them in the bowl in the corner of the fluff. I thought I wasn't a bad guy who spilled the rice with three or four go of sake.
However, at some point, Mr. Kikuji stumbled upon the stone. The bowl was fluffy and white rice was scattered on the soil.
"Watsu, this and that."
Mr. Kikuji hurriedly gathered rice with both hands. And I put it in a bowl.
Then, Mr. Kazuhisa picked up the bowl and looked at it, and threw away the rice on the ground again.
"Don't mess with the dirt and the soil."
Mr. Kikuji vaguely saw the rice scattered on the ground.
"I'm gonna do it with a cow."
Said Mr. Kazuhisa, who sprinkled the rice with his feet.
Mr. Kikuji had his eyes rounded. Mr. Kazuhisa does what he says. What does it mean to scatter rice with your feet?
However, Mr. Kikuji was also a little sick. Besides, I had sake in my head.
Mr. Kikuji put out one leg to imitate Mr. Kazuhisa.
In the meantime, the rice in the bowl that Bitsuko's old man brought out of breath was smashed by the feet of two people who were drunk and disappeared.
"Oh, it was refreshing."
Osho-san started walking around.
Mr. Kikuji threw an empty bowl over there by force. At first, the bowl flew black immediately after the pineapple, but when I thought it was shining brightly, I turned around and fell into the bamboo grove.
Mr. Kikuji also felt that he was refreshing with this, and he shook his head again.

[# 4 indentation] Two [# "two" is a middle heading]

Two days later, on a cloudy and cold day, Mr. Kikuji went to help polish the Ungeji Temple. At Unkaji Temple, there will be a Hoonko lecture soon, and there will be a lot of worshipers every day, so I wanted to polish the various tools in front of the Buddha to make them shine.
Mr. Kikuji came home after having a meal at Unkaji Temple. Mr. Kikuji's small house was in a field surrounded by a stubborn tree in front of the gate of Unkaji Temple.
When Mr. Kikuji came to the well, Mr. Kikuji's child, Seizo, stood beside the ashes room, stripping his beard on the wall. When I looked at it, I didn't have any clogs or sandals.
"Qing, what are you going to do in that place, in this cold weather?"
Said Kikuji, and Seizo cried.
"I was scolded by my grandmother again. Come and come. My father and I will do it."
Mr. Kikuji went into the house with Seizo, who was crying and crying.
Then, in the house, Mr. Kikuji's old mother and Mr. Kikuji's mother talked to each other.
The mother said that her grandmother scolded Seizo too much, and that it was not good for her to hit her back with fire chopsticks << Hibashi >>.
Also, the old mother is a mother, the bride is too sloppy to the child, the child and the cat are sloppy enough to sneak, and the cracks are slamming with gold. I got it.
When Mr. Kikuji asked when and what caused such a fight, he spilled two grains of rice when Seizo ate rice, and the grandmother saw it. ,
"Because it hits the drumstick, pick it up and eat it." But Seizo couldn't eat it because it got dusty, and he said, "Two grains of rice." Rather, he rubbed it into his eyes. There, the grandmother got angry, smashed Seizo with fire chopsticks, and kicked her out.
"Grandmothers aren't too many. Rather, they want to eat the rice grains that have fallen into the dust in the gaps."
Tokami-san went to Kikuji-san for depression.
"Dust is used, sand is used, but what should I do if I can't eat it? Thank you.
The old mother screamed with her big mouth fluttering.
Mr. Kikuji was fooling around, but he was angry with his mother in his heart. Even though he is an old man, he always has a big face and thinks that he is a nasty old woman who marries something. I thought that the cause of the business was my grandmother.
There, Mr. Kikuji finally closed his mouth.
"I'm gonna hit the stick with the rice grains thrown away."
The old mother had a terrible loss of writing and had a strange thing, so she got rid of the dog and looked at the other person's face seriously. then,
"You don't have a stick even if you eat rice."
It came.
Mr. Kikuji wrote by Naho
"Oh, it's a sauifu. That's the proof that I've been kicking white rice with Mr. Osho of Kona Hida Unkaji Temple with my foot, but it seems that there is also a plectrum. The eagle of Unkaji Temple. "
I said.
When I listened to it, my mother's face, which was old, suddenly became bloody.
"That's the day of the first ear of rice in the sled and the folds."
Said her mother.
"Sau, Sau."
Kikuji replied to Jiyodan.
Mother squeaked and throated, and after waiting for a while, with a painful breath,
"Which foot?"
I came to the beginning.
"With this foot."
Kikuji showed his left foot in front of his mother's knee.
Mother looked at Kikuji's left foot as if she was looking at Chiya Udo's neck with a faint face. And
"I wish I had a drumstick."
I prayed in a low voice.
"It's a plectrum. I and Mr. Osho also squeeze the white rice and squeeze it into the sea urchin.
"I wish I had a drumstick."
Said her mother, praying for Naho.
"Atarumonkai. Tomo Chikuri ..."
When Mr. Kikuji said, he remembered some kind of pain in his left leg. But I thought I was sick,
"Tomo Chikuri ..."
When I hit it, I felt dozens of times more pain than before, and ran through my legs like Izuma.
It should n’t be like this, but I ’m sorry,
"Damn, Chikuri tomo ..."
When I hit it, it started to hurt when I squeezed it into my leg, so I couldn't get rid of it anymore.
"I'm so happy."
I dented my leg.
"Look at it. It's not good, it's a plectrum."
The old mother knew that her words were correct, so she won. However, I soon realized that it was not the time to win. My dear son is suffering from a sick foot.
Then, at Mr. Kikuji's house, a fuss started from top to bottom. In order to reduce the pain in Kikuji's left foot, you can soak your hand towel in hot water and watch it for a while, or knead the eggplant powder "Karashiko" in hot water and smear it on your foot. You can see the moxibustion of broad bean kurai under your lap, bake the eggplant and split it in two, and stick it on the back of your foot while it is still hot. I tried to do as much as I could. For Shimahi, I put a spit on the straw [# "emphasis mark"] and put a spit on the forehead. This is a magical fold that you do when you are numb.
I saw various things, but none of them had a clear texture. Kikuji couldn't walk anymore. With my aching leg dented, I sank in the floor and shook. I couldn't help but realize that this was a leaflet that stomped on the rice. So Kikuji-san was sick.
"Finally, the drumsticks are warm."
And when we think about how much our peasants sweat and struggle to make a grain of rice, it is natural that the foot that trampled on the precious rice hurts due to punishment. I thought that was the case.

[# 4 indentation] Three [# "three" is a middle heading]

Human beings are unfortunately unfortunate, but when they have friends, it is a little reassuring. Kikuji-san wasn't the only one who stepped on the rice, and when he thought that Mr. Kazuhisa of Unkaji Temple was a friend, he felt a little pain in his legs.
Therefore, Mr. Kikuji waited in his heart, wondering if Mr. Kazuhisa would start to hurt his legs.
Two or three days passed. On the floor, Mr. Kikuji
"I heard someone climbing up the stone steps of Unkaji Temple, but that was a doctor."
I asked my mother.
In the daytime when there was no wind and the porch was warm and sunny, I went out there and saw the gate of Unkaji with my own eyes. From there, Okuri-san or the little boy secretly waited for a doctor to come out.
So, at one point, when there was a quarreling noise in the gate, I thought that Sora Kazuhisa's leg started to hurt, and Kikuji forgot about his leg pain and stood up and added. I even saw it on my toes, but Kikuji was disappointed when I realized that it was just a fight between dogs in the neighborhood.
The next morning, the long-awaited little boy appeared from the gate. However, the little boy came to hang Shito | a barrel, a large lantern, Chiyauchi, at the gate. It was written as Hoonko. Hoonko started today.
Mr. Kikuji knew that Mr. Kazuhisa would climb on the platform of the Mido "Midau" and give a sermon to the Hoonko [# "I knew" is mom]. Mr. Kikuji thought that if you look closely at the place where you go up and down the stage, you will understand how well Mr. Kazuhisa's legs are. Suddenly, Mr. Kikuji wanted to go to Hoonko and see it.
The worshipers came to the festival. There were always worshipers and old people who were sick. Everyone wore a cane and dragged their chin to the ground. And even though the stone steps weren't very high, I took a rest for three or four at Tochiyu and climbed. So, just because Mr. Kikuji clung to his cane and dragged his aching leg, it didn't really catch the eye.
At Mido, Mr. Kikuji sat behind a thick pillar that was well polished and shiny. This is because Mr. Kikuji was not happy to listen to Mr. Kazuhisa's sermon, but to sneak a look at Mr. Kazuhisa's legs. Those who try to see the sleigher's sledge want to hide themselves.
Eventually, Mr. Kazuhisa appeared at the entrance next to the temple, wearing a beautiful persimmon-colored kesa. Then, while refreshing the rustling sound of a good cloth, I went to the main idol in the back. I didn't get sick. When he bowed to the principal idol with his hands up and down, he came out to the bright side and climbed up to the platform about three shaku height without any pain and sat down.
Mr. Kikuji, who took a breath and stared at the situation so far, thought that he was disappointed--yes, it seems that Mr. Kazuhisa's leg has no trouble. When I look at it, I'm the only one who's warmed up.
When Mr. Kazuhisa climbed up to the stage, low-pitched voices such as "Namuamidabu" and "Namuamidabu" were heard from the grandfathers of the old man in the bush. It was. Mr. Kikuji was also involved in it, and he said "Nam Amidabu". In fact, when he sat down on the table with a persimmon-colored kasaya, he looked grateful to Ritsupa, as if he were a Buddha's messenger. I didn't think that this precious and precious Mr. Kazuhisa did something like trampling rice with sake.
Mr. Kazuhisa first looked inside the temple for a while, and then gave him two terrifyingly large coughs. The tiger had two voices. Some of the grandfathers and grandmothers had a rounded back, such as Namu Amidabu and Namu Amidabu, who might have brought out Enma-san.
Then, Mr. Kazuhisa slowly opened his mouth and opened his mouth.
"Grandfather and grandfather are both visiting Kefuhayo."
I said. This was the beginning of the sermon.
The sermon continued for a long time. Mr. Kazuhisa raised a loud voice and talked about hell, Gokuraku, and Buddha. When it came to a strange place, Mr. Kazuhisa tapped the table with his hand, bare his two eyes, and ate the old people just below the table with a big mouth. I'm sorry. Also, when talking about the Buddha, the word "thank you" is extended to the candy as "thank you", so it sounds very thankful, and the old people hear the Buddha every time. I'm sorry.
Mr. Kikuji looked at Mr. Kazuhisa from behind the pillar and decided whether he was fooled by Mr. Kazuhisa's story. No matter what kind of special face he has and what kind of humor he says, it's just his mouth, and he knows exactly what kind of person he is. Kikuji said in his heart.
However, Mr. Kazuhisa
"It's the old man and the old woman who have a quarrel between the bride and the old man. And the old man who has a wife shouldn't go crazy. "
When I preached, Mr. Kikuji also thought that it was true. And I thought that if it was such a sermon, I would have asked my grandmother, "Grandmother". The grandmother went to Maeyama to go to Mugifumi, while Kikuji-san had a bad leg.
Then Mr. Kazuhisa also said that everything must be taken care of. And I went like this.
"Even in a bottle of paper, a piece of paper, a drop of bottled oil, a grain of rice or wheat, you can't see it, but everybody will be happy with the Buddha. If you waste a piece of paper, you're fooling the Buddha. If you spill a grain of rice, you'll win that much. "
Mr. Kikuji thought that was exactly the case. My leg that stepped on the rice was still hurt. However, even so, Mr. Kikuji thought that Mr. Kazuhisa was often confused, and that was what he said. ――What's wrong with this?
Looking at Mr. Kazuhisa's thick squirrel and his shining face with sweat, this person is lucky, he did such a bad thing, and when he told a lie like this in front of people, that's it. However, the heavens are unfair, and the way the heavens are done is one-sided, because the heavens are unfair, and the heavens are unfair. Kikuji thought about it.
Because I didn't feel like it anymore, Mr. Kikuji pulled a cane and went home.
Mr. Kikuji felt lonely when he thought that he had been unhappy by himself without any friends. And I envied the heavens that gave me a plectrum.
At dinner, Mr. Kikuji finally became unable to handle it, and he was sick.
"I don't know what's awkward. Hey, Kazuhisa and I do the same thing, and I'm just sick, and Kazuhisa is flirting. I can't think of anything but hey. "
When I heard that, the old mother put her hand holding chopsticks and her hand holding a tea bowl on her two knees.
"What a misunderstanding you are. Do you sometimes do something wrong and envy the heavens? When did you envy the heavens? It's not going to happen. "
I said.
After extinguishing the fire that night, Mr. Kikuji kept his eyes open in the dark for a long time.
Kikuji-san could see black soil in his eyes. A handful of white things were scattered on it. It was spilled rice. It was important rice.
While looking at the spilled rice illusion, Mr. Kikuji Totsuzen found out that he was the only one who was sick.
――Mr. Kikuji is a farmer. I know how hard it is to get rice because I am a farmer. Also, I know how delicious the hard-working rice is. In other words, we are familiar with rice cats and real rice cats. Mr. Kikuji got a stick because he squeezed the rice with his feet. By the way, Mr. Kazuhisa is not a farmer. Even though I preached that rice is a good thing to say, I have never made rice, so I don't know the difficulty of making rice or the goodness of rice. That's why I didn't know it, so even if I trampled on the rice, Mr. Kazuhisa didn't have a plectrum. ......
Mr. Kikuji was no longer envious of the heavens when he saw it. ――I thought about thanking heaven. ――I know what is called a rice cat. Mr. Kazuhisa was born with a human being and does not know the true nature of rice.
In that case, you don't have to be sad that your leg hurts. Isn't this proof that Mr. Kikuji knows about rice cats?
"I'm really sorry. I'm really sorry ..."
Kikuji once apologized for the illusion of white rice. After that, I followed the hill with a bite and apologized to the peasant from the year when the bowl of rice was delivered. And I apologized to heaven, to the earth. I also apologized to my mother. I also apologize to my father who died 15 years ago. I apologize to everyone in my heart.
Then, the next morning, Mr. Kikuji noticed that the pain had disappeared from his left leg. However, like a middle-aged person, his legs didn't need any strength. So that leg had to be dragged and dragged. I don't know how much Kikuji-san thanked Heaven for all the pain he had done. Mr. Kikuji had a beautiful heart, as if he was born.
And from that day, I went to Maeyama to go to Mugifumi for my old mother Kahari.

[# 4 indentation] 4 [# "4" is the middle heading]

After that, Mr. Kikuji lived for 40 years. The folds have changed a lot. In the Meiji Restoration, I used to tie a chonmage behind my head. Also, on the highway, there were no baskets for people to pass through, and rickshaws started to run on the beams. However, Mr. Kikuji never knew he was a poor farmer. And I didn't even know that my left leg was disabled.
For a long life, he dragged his left leg, worked hard and got older, and finally on the afternoon of May 3rd of a certain year, Mr. Kikuji died.
By the way, on the morning of the same day, Mr. Kikuji and Mr. Kazuhisa of Unkaji, who had a close relationship with him, also died. Mr. Kazuhisa seemed to be a lucky person as Mr. Kikuji thought, and he was always energetic, sweating his face, and taking a sutra with a sigh of alcohol. By the way, as I got older, I had only one and two breaths the night before I died, and when I died, I died without any pain.

Well, I've talked vigorously so far, but I'm sorry to talk about the future. Because I think you will not believe me. It's okay if you just don't believe me, but I'm wondering if it's ridiculous and laughs. However, the story is not over yet, so I can't stop here.

…… Mr. Kikuji walked.
It was a long road where purple iris flowers bloomed. It was a ridiculously long road. Mr. Kikuji thinks that he has walked for a long time, but there is no way to get a road someday. Looking back, the road I walked on was struck by the purple flowers of the irises and continued immediately, becoming thinner as it got farther away, and disappeared into the milky haze. The road that is about to go is also Saui Fugu Ahi, and eventually disappears into the milky haze. Kikuji walked, thinking that it was a strange road.
The sun was shining brightly. However, I wondered where Mr. Tendou was, and when I often worked in the field and became hungry, even if Mr. Kikuji looked at him, there was no such thing as Mr. Tendou. I couldn't see it. And only the light flowed from nowhere, and I was very happy. Mr. Kikuji was also surprised that even if he looked at his own shadow, there was nothing like a shadow. However, Kikuji walked while comforting himself, saying, "If there is a place, it will be good."
Mr. Kikuji noticed that he was still sick. Then he said to each and every one of them, "I should have died, but even if I die, I don't think it's going to happen when I'm alive." And I thought it was ridiculous.
In the meantime, a figure came into view far away. Apparently, I'm sitting on a stone on the side of the road and waiting for Mr. Kikuji. Kikuji started to hurry, thinking that it would be great if he could be accompanied by a companion, so the sound of dragging his left foot was noisy.
Looking closer, it was Mr. Kazuhisa from Unkaji Temple. Mr. Kazuhisa was sick when he saw Mr. Kikuji with his sleepy eyes.
"Please, the sound of water springing up around that area, but chrysanthemum, please come and scoop up. I drank too much alcohol last night, and my head is still dull."
Mr. Kikuji went looking for a fountain based on the sound. By the fountain, there was a small sardine, just like the one near the fountain of Shiyaba. If you look at this, traveling people will pass through this road as well, and if you can't help but feel the throat, you can go to this fountain.
When Mr. Kazuhisa enjoyed the water, the two started walking.
"Mr. Kazuhisa, I think it's strange because of Satsuki."
Said Mr. Kikuji.
"what."
"Iris grows on both sides of the iris at any time."
"Yup."
"This doesn't really fall into my [#" fu "emphasis mark]. On the way to the Buddha's Kuni, you don't have to plant all the irises. I'm wondering if Chitsu should plant a lotus. "
"I don't think it's stupid."
At that moment, Mr. Kazuhisa looked sleepy and closed his eyes.
"No, I'm sorry."
Kikuji made a sorry face.
After a while, Mr. Kikuji came back again.
"Since I was a kid, I can't tell the difference between iris flowers, iris flowers, and iris flowers.
"How long have you lived?"
"Hey, I lived up to 73."
"73. Have you lived for 73 years?"
"Hey."
"That's why the distinction between irises, irises and iris is still important."
"Hey."
"Because you are a fool."
"Oh, whisper."
Mr. Kikuji thought that he had to do something like this.
Mr. Kikuji walked with his mouth in his mouth, thinking that he was going to have a bad time. Only the sound of dragging Kikuji's left foot was fluttering and fluttering.
Then Mr. Kazuhisa frowned and
"It's noisy. Can't you walk with your legs up? There's no choice but to get dust."
I said.
"Oh, I'm really sorry. I'll try to give it as much as possible."
Mr. Kikuji apologized for the damage.
"Now, where are we going?"
After a while, Mr. Kikuji came back again, "Don't go in front of Mr. Enma anyway."
"Yup."
"I'm different from the monks, and when I appear in front of a great person, I can't speak. In front of Enma, I get a good thing for me. I'm sorry. "
"Yeah. Well, I'll do it as well as I can. But when you're alive, you don't visit temples very often."
"Hey."
"I don't donate much rice or money to the temple."
"Well, I was so poor that I didn't have time to visit the temple, and I didn't have the money or rice to give to the temple."
"I can't say that."
"I'm really sorry."
Kikuji had to apologize again.
"If you do something that isn't good for you, you'll go to hell, so you'll be disappointed."
Kikuji came back after a while.
"Sledding and sledding."
Osho sighed and sighed.
Mr. Kikuji thought about various things that were unpleasant there. However, Mr. Kikuji thought about all the bad things, including trampling on rice. After having the children of the lion dance "Shishima" from Echigo perform various tricks, he said that he wasn't happy with the money, so he just chased after him, or when he returned from the field, he said that he was in Dobashi. I picked up a cat cub underneath, but at Tochiyuu, I thought that cats are living things, so I thought that I could eat things, and I threw them under the original Dobashi. And so on.
Then, Mr. Kazuhisa laughed and thought about what he was doing. However, Mr. Kazuhisa couldn't think of whether he was still dim with alcohol or stepped on rice with Mr. Kikuji. And it was only good that Mr. Kazuhisa thought that he was convinced by Mr. Kikuji that he was truly a priest and had a life of Ritsupana.
Mr. Kikuji thought that this would be a great companion to Mr. Kazuhisa and that he shouldn't go to Yara.
"Chrysanthemum, drag your legs too much. There is no choice but to get dust."
And again, Mr. Kazuhisa said.
"Oh, I'm sorry."
Kikuji apologized while wiping his sweat.
"But Mr. Kazuhisa will also pull one leg at a time."
Kikuji added.
That's right. Mr. Kazuhisa also pulled one leg from Satsuki.
"Saiheba, my leg seems to hurt."
Said Osho, frowning.
After a while, Mr. Kazuhisa's leg pain became terrible.
"Mr. Kazuhisa, let me bear the burden, and what a year, one or two of Mr. Kazuhisa will be negative."
Kikuji forgot about his legs and shook in front of Mr. Kazuhisa.
Therefore, Mr. Kazuhisa did not hesitate. I was struck by Kikuji's back.
Mr. Kikuji went on while staggering under the weight of Mr. Kazuhisa.
Eventually, a rickshaw came from the other side.
"Hah, I didn't come to the reception. It's delicious, I'm coming with a rubber-wheeled rickshaw."
Said Mr. Osho.
"I'm here to meet you."
Said the man who pulled the rickshaw.
And then
"Who died on the afternoon of May 3rd?"
It came.
"I'll do it in the morning of May 3rd. I feel like I'm dead to Hiruma."
Said Mr. Osho.
"No, I came here on the afternoon of May 3rd. Soiji, who lived in front of the gates of Unkaji and Ifu-ji?"
I heard that human power was pulled.
"Let's get rid of the inside of the temple of Unkaji."
Kikuji went to Kikika.
"No, I'm sure it came to the front of the gate."
The human-powered man shook his neck.
"I'm afraid I've come to the front of the gate and the town."
Said Mr. Osho, who was already in the car.
"I don't think that's the case."
The human-powered puller raised a neck and shook it to the other side.
"Isn't it useless if I don't keep up with it?"
Osho scolded him for human power and sat down in the car.
Because there was no choice, human-powered pulling began to pull with a long line.
Mr. Kikuji followed while pulling a squirrel from behind the rickshaw. And sometimes
"Mr. Kazuhisa, do your legs still hurt?"
It was crushing.
Finally, I came to the place where the road was divided into right and left. Someone stood there again.
When the rickshaw went by,
"Are you the peasant Kikuji?"
I came to Mr. Kazuhisa on the rickshaw.
"No, I'm Oshoji from Unkaji Temple. That's what Kikuji, a farmer, comes from behind."
Osho answered.
"Then it's wrong. Mr. Kazuhisa should get out of the car. Mr. Kikuji will be on board."
Then Mr. Kazuhisa was angry.
"I don't have a pain in my leg. Do you think I can walk with such a leg?"
"I'm a farmer. I can walk as much as I want. It makes me feel uncomfortable when I ride something like a rickshaw.
Kikuji-san said.
Therefore, the person who stood in Wakare Michi reluctantly acknowledged. However, it was cute.
"Mr. Kikuji should follow the road on the right, and Mr. Kazuhisa on the left."
Mr. Kikuji said that it would be a problem.
"I was always accompanied by Mr. Kazuhisa at Shiyaba. For fifty years, I always accompanied him with the first ears of rice and the first ears of wheat."
However, no matter how much Kikuji asked, he didn't forgive me.
"Isn't it?" Kikuji said. "I've been thinking about it, and I've done all the bad things. It's the same place as Mr. Kazuhisa, who came to the Buddha for the rest of his life. It may be natural that you can't go to. "
There, Mr. Kikuji and Mr. Osho were separated--Mr. Kikuji went to the right road, and Mr. Osho who got on the rickshaw went to the left road.
Mr. Kazuhisa was swayed by a rickshaw. After a while, I went to see Furika. I thought that the idiot of the chrysanthemum would spare no remnants and still look at this.
Then Mr. Kazuhisa was surprised and looked at his eyes.
Kikuji-san's body was walking steadily toward the other side, but it was shining golden. Mr. Kikuji wasn't sick anymore. It wasn't like an old man walking. It was a Buddha who is familiar with paintings and sculptures. …… Mr. Kazuhisa unexpectedly lifted his hand afterwards.
"Oh,"
Osho fluttered.
"It's awkward now. It's possible that the roads on that side continue to the road, and the roads on the road continue to the place where it's not fragile ..."
Mr. Kikuji's advancing sky was clear with beautiful pearl colors.
When Mr. Kazuhisa looked at his own line, it seemed that it was also Yudachi, and when the black clouds were swollen, he was worried, and an inspiration flashed in it.
‥ …… Mr. Kazuhisa's leg started to hurt again.



Bottom book: "Japanese Children's Literature Daikei Vol. 28" Holp Shuppan
First print issued on November 30, 1978 (Showa 53)
Parent of the original: "Hana no Kimura and the Thieves" Imperial Education Society Publishing Department
September 1943 (Showa 18)
First appearance: "Hana no Kimura and the Thieves" Imperial Education Society Publishing Department
September 1943 (Showa 18)
Input: Tomoko Kanno
Proofreading: Shigeo Kobayashi
Created October 31, 2012
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
