History of medicine
History of Medicine
Max Neuburger
Translated by Shigeki Mizukami
-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]
"":ruby
(Example) Sacrifice << Sacrifice >>
｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Kagawa | Gen'etsu
[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) [# 4 indentation] Preface [# "Preface" is a middle heading]
-------------------------------------------------- -----
[# 4 indentation] Primitive medicine and oriental medicine [# "Primitive medicine and oriental medicine" is a big heading]
[# 3 indentation] Preface (William Osler) [# "Indentation (William Osler)" is a middle heading]
In the last 20 years, a remarkable interest in medical history has returned. Courses were created at universities in Europe, the United Kingdom and the United States, and academic societies and clubs on this issue set out. Not just one, but three or four magazines were created, enriched with countless monographs and treatises. Comparing Index Medicus (secondary source of medical treatises, beginning in 1879 and final in 2004) with recent ones between 10 and 12 years, how medicine is involved in source research, and we It shows how influenced by new historical methods.
Three things are related to this problem. First, for students, the educational aspect is invaluable. This is because medicine is best taught from an evolutionary point of view. How important it is to clarify at the beginning of your career the stage at which your current knowledge has been reached! However, considering the current state of the crammed curriculum, it is not preferable to make medical history an essential subject. I mentioned a few years ago. "A fascinating task is to catch good students and make them better, but more valuable is to train them to look at things from a historical perspective, and more importantly, in the next fuller. It is only possible by each and every teacher who evaluates the truth of the statement for himself. "History makes young people old without wrinkles and gray hair. Give him years of experience without any flaws or inconvenience. Yes, this not only makes the past things the present, but also gives us a rational idea of ​​what will come in the future. This world does not give a new incident. It has the same meaning as we call the same month as the new moon, except that it is old and only different in shape. Old behavior is back again and looks good in new and different environments. "" (British Medical Journal 1902).
Second, as a research, the history of the science department related to treatment has a special appeal. Medicine is based on anthropology and is associated with most theology, many philosophies, and the pseudoscience of alchemy and astrology. It is the job of scholars trained in new research methods to track this gradual evolution and study its relationship to intellectual movements in different eras. But in the current utilitarian era, of Friends, Litre, Hesser, Dalemberg, Adams, Greenhill, who have sufficient historical insight to not only discover facts but also recognize their significance. People with such a personality are rare. The truth is that scholars, archival custodians, and those called "back staircase men" need help from our university's medical school. There is no medical history course in this country! The Fitzpatrick Foundation (1901), located at the Royal College of Physicians, sponsored several important lectures and enabled Dr. JF Payne's valuable research into British medicine during the Anglo-Saxon period. But not many people in this country have the hobbies and scholarships they need, and their energy is scattered in other areas. The most powerful group of scholars is in Germany, where two major tasks of complete primary importance in medical history have been done. With the help of the Imperial Academy of Berlin, Leipzig University's Trubner Co., Ltd. publishes a new textbook of Greek authors in medicine. In preparation for this great work, excellent scholars have examined and collected all the important drafts in several European libraries under the guidance of Professor Deal. A geographic distribution list has been published for all sources of our knowledge of Hippocrates and subsequent Greek authors. You can't overestimate the work that has already been done. But more important in raising interest on this issue is the Institute of Medical History at the University of Leipzig, which was founded in honor of the late Professor Pushman, a talented scholar. Under the guidance of Professor Zudhof, the institute will publish a completely new edition of Latin authors. Research and monograph production in Germany is a first-class research aid that brings the whole world together. In making this statement, it is not overlooked that the French medical history school has always occupy the most remarkable position. Medical history has been encouraged by French universities for centuries.
More notable is the progress in this area as a third link-a leisure time useful for busy people who are interested in the history of medicine in a region or in general. In the United Kingdom and the United States, this leaned towards the biographical side of medical history, and many valuable monographs were published. It's not always a top-notch job, but it's intriguing and provides many fun educational stories about medical heroes. It's a pity that the Master of Medicine series published by Smith, Elder & Company couldn't continue. The life of Sidenum by Payne, Harvey by Pauer, and Hunter by Payjet is an accurate and informed biographical model. Many of the best in medical history are depicted in this way, and in fact many old doctor and surgeon aspects are given as appearances and customs of the time. The story of the life of a surgeon of Louis XIV told by the descendants of George Marshall (Paris) will be picked up from the pages of St. Simon's book as a picture as a vibrant court life at that time.
A valuable result of the return of interest in this issue is the growth of medical libraries in various centers and the collection of historical documents, paintings and other collections of this discipline.
Several important works dealing with medical history systematically were published during this period. Gult's "History of Surgery" is a monumental contribution. The "Medical History Handbuff" planned by Pushman and edited by Neuberger and Pagel is a valuable reference book. History of medicine, suitable for students and the general reader, is a difficult book to write. Not many people have the abilities needed for this job. A special scholar who has a complete and accurate knowledge of one period is the very last man to undertake work where balance is important. When I received the first volume of Neuberger's History of Medicine, I thought it was a particularly useful book for British and American students. It's written clearly, not too detailed, and well organized. Professor Neuberger was born and educated in Vienna and received the care and education of Professor Pushman, who greatly promoted the study of medical history. After publishing several preliminary studies, he did an encyclopedic work on the history of medicine planned by Professor Pushman and successfully completed it in collaboration with Professor Pagel in Berlin (1902-1905). ..
In this first volume, you can see the story of the growth of medicine leading up to the Renaissance. More or less continuous stories will be made easier and smoother to read using thick type [# "thick type" is bold], and students will see the authority and special details in the thin type part.
Volume 2 dealing with what is called modern medicine is actively underway and will be published next year. [Not published, probably because of World War I: Translator]
[# With ground] William Osler, Oxford
[#New Page]
[# 3 indentation] Primitive medicine [# "Primitive medicine" is a middle heading]
[# Bold from here]
In exploring the origin of a civilization phenomenon, researchers are not from the lowest stages, but at the very beginning, if vague and unclear, in historical time, which indicates a certain height of the evolutionary ladder. Search for when it appears in. In medicine, it's vague but easier. Apart from the relics of the prehistoric past, we can find quite a few in the stories and customs (medical folklore) of today's people. Moreover, the medicine of humankind (indigenous peoples), who still live a primitive human-like life, sheds light on these data.
If these deliberate instinctive behaviors that relieve pain or irritation can be considered medical in a broad sense, then medicine is an external manifestation of the healing power of nature. Not only can it be returned to childhood, but it can also be thought of as veterinary medicine.
The hot animals get well in the cold water, warm their tense limbs with the sun and kill the stimulating parasites. Cats and dogs lick their wounds, and dogs eat grass and vomit. A dog with one broken leg runs on three legs and is skillful in retracting the broken leg so that the leg does not become noticeably shortened and remove foreign bodies such as spines. Animal medicine not only helps oneself further, but sometimes even helps other animals, especially when it is a juvenile animal.
[# End in bold here]
In addition to these well-known examples, credible researchers have recently gathered a number of amazing observations, many of which cannot be explained without considering reasoning abilities above mere instinct. In particular, animals living in social life, such as honeybees and ants, have been found to be examples of mutual assistance, and the latter cares for injured animals.
The authors of Greece and Rome have left a lot of stories, and we owe them the methods and means of treating animals. Egyptian storks use their own cures for enemas, overeating hippos press the sharp tips of reeds to exsanguinate, swallows use kinpouge juice to cure their eyes, and bears cure stomach diseases. However, he ingests the leaves of a stork, the turtle uses various oregano when bitten by a snake, and the male deer heals his wounds with the leaves of a hakusen.
In India, the bitter root of ophiorrhiza mungo is used as a detoxifying agent when bitten by a snake, and the inhabitants are learning its properties from the Egyptian mongoose.
[# Bold from here]
The above primitive behaviors can be considered as the basis of human medicine, and intentional reflexes and intuitive behaviors are performed by children and adults on a daily basis. Examples include scratching, rubbing, applying pressure, dragging, relocating from pain, wetting wounds with saliva, sucking and blowing.
Highly differentiated treatment methods have evolved from primitive behavior. Massage, for example, is a development from such original friction, striking, and rubbing.
Some very early simple surgery shows evidence of purposeful wisdom. For example, you can remove a foreign substance (thorn) from the skin with your finger, put a leaf to cool it on the injured area, apply clay to the skin to prevent it from getting cold and insects, and make a rough cut (scarification will start from now on). ,etc.
[# End in bold here]
It is interesting that many medical surgeries will be the beginning of a common habit after that. In this way, smearing the soil on the skin is the painting of the body, and chopping the wound and smearing the soil or debris is the tattoo (whether or not the pain is reduced).
[# Bold from here]
Besides helping friends bandage wounds, helping with childbirth and nursing have been around for a long time. Therefore, women were the first doctors and have maintained their position throughout the ages.
The beginning of surgery is when the weapons of civilization, that is, the tools used every day, are used for treatment. Initially, we refer to flint stones, thorns, wood debris, shells, fish bones, pointed bones, teeth, horns, and so on. The foreign body was removed in this way, the abscess was opened, and random cutting and phlebotomy were performed. Crafting daily tools helped the cure. For example, repairing broken tools has become a primitive treatment pattern for fractures.
The experience of not only living without dying from certain wounds, but also healing those wounds, which may be during the war, started the idea of ​​surgery and was a tool in the Chalcolithic and Bronze Ages. As manufacturing improved, surgery became more sophisticated. Some members of the tribe are famous for their skillful surgery, which stands out and has healing experience. In this way, a class of medically experienced people was gradually created among the offspring.
As already shown, it is surprising that trepanation-like surgery to saw through the skull was performed in the Stone Age, and many primitive people today prefer surgery and are skillful in surgery. You can understand it well by looking at it.
[# End in bold here]
Neolithic trepanated skulls have been found in most European countries, Algeria, the Canary Islands, North America, Mexico, Peru, and Argentina.
[# Bold from here]
Many of these skulls have well-scarred trepanation holes, demonstrating that this painful surgery was performed two or three times in the same individual. Bones are bitten into small pieces, cut with a sharp flint tool, or rubbed with flint to open the skull. The indications for trepanation were headache, convulsions, or intellectual disability.
[# End in bold here]
Traces of prehistoric surgical techniques still remain in historical times, and among many ethnic groups, some venerable surgery, such as postmortem incisions for mummification in Egypt, circumcision of them and Jews. Use a stone knife. Even with the daily use of iron, many surgical tools were found to be made of bronze, rather than iron, where it was previously part of Roman land.
Many researchers are paying attention to bone diseases and injuries in the Neolithic era. As a result, various bone fractures (some healed without deformation), injuries (due to flint stones), stiffness, inflammatory processes, caries, necrosis, and rickets have been described.
The same is true for the Bronze Age. Injuries caused by iron and osteoarthritis have been seen in the tombs of that era.
Wanderers, surrounded by wild beasts and exposed to all the different weather and dirty and often food deficiencies, these wild hunters and fishermen are not only injured, but all worm-eaten, parasites, tumors, He was exposed to skin diseases, catarrh, internal inflammation, fever and poison.
The internal disorders that often cause severe frailty are left to the hands of nature, and eventually medicines are gradually made from various foods and toxic plants. Such opportunities and empiricism in the very early days can be confidently acknowledged. The myths of all nations are from prehistoric times, and all nations start from the earliest dawn of history and, like the primitive peoples of today, have a considerable reserve of cures. Historical studies do not reveal the hidden path that begins with these original empirical therapies and shifts from individual experience to common knowledge. Because early people surround nature and life with a veil of magic.
Discussing the concept of the universe of primitive humans here, with the transition from fetishism and symptom belief to animism and polytheism, leads us very far, between genie worship and medicine. Will pursue in detail the interesting relationships of the universe and show the main types of various mysticism in primitive medicine and its psychological sources.
It will re-emphasize the fact that the basis of medical thinking is inadequate empiricism. The relationship between cause and effect is clear to primitive people, such as obstacles caused by accidents (bites, punctures, cuts, arrow wounds, etc.), penetration of foreign substances, and pain caused by parasites. Serious injury, blood loss, and death from starvation are also easily understandable phenomena. But it is not just these obvious causes that need explanation. Daily urgent demands relief from disability. Life itself is in balance. The instinct of self-preservation-if not the curiosity of nature-reluctantly demands answers to mysteries.
The chain of reasoning among primitive people-the first theory in medicine-was very short. The limit of his imagination was that there was no standard of comparison other than his personality. In primitive thinking, not all illnesses could be easily explained, and the sequence of consequences by cause, like most illnesses, was due to the powerful and malicious will of the genie. In this way, the addiction, in which there was a clear large imbalance between the cause and its manipulation, was magic to him.
[# Bold from here]
The basic mistakes in the medical thinking of primitive people were mainly pursued in various directions in the widespread era of medical history. Explaining everything beyond current experience or understanding as supernatural or transcendental, giving the unknown more personality (ontology) than natural mechanical laws, or in fact relationships. It puts subjective assumptions between no thoughts. (The following example was due to the last logical error. During the smallpox epidemic, the Siberian native Yakut saw a camel for the first time and thought it was a malicious god's visit. )
[# End in bold here]
What seems to be the cause and effect of these magical effects depends on the location and intellectual development. Over time, different opinions coexist even among the same race. But the basic idea is generally the same, always drawn from concrete phenomena that lead to false inferences.
Such beliefs are closely related to the facts of thought, medical experience and pain sensations, bruising, stabs with cutlery or missiles, poisons, toxic vapors, parasites that enter the body unknowingly, or foreign bodies (stones). , A piece of wood, straw or bone) is present among the villains who can magically cause the resulting illness. We can easily understand that medical experience and the realistic manifestation of certain pain sensations cause imaginary misunderstandings. In other words, suffering is caused by a distant, demonic animal, which penetrates into the sick person's body (attached). Related to this are bad souls specific to certain illnesses, which were considered personalized.
The origin of such beliefs is sought in dreams (primitives think this is true), especially nightmares with terrifying ghosts.
Similarly, convulsions and mental disorders are accompanied by facial deformities and changes in the sick person's overall personality, resulting in hallucinations of the altered person. A more abstract concept, and a precursor to a higher ethical level, is an attempt or punishment for an attempt or bad habit in an illness.
[# Bold from here]
Among the current savagery, there will be some that used to be a high civilization but are now in a low state. But they can never give us the medical ideas of the primitive man.
The credibility of this source is supported by the basic uniformity of medical concepts of different primitive races, and even more so by the numerous similarities in the traces of the supernatural nature of civilized and folk medicine.
Possible causes of the illness not mentioned above are also "Evil Eyes", vampires, witchcraft loss of soul, or repositioning in the dark, or parts of the body, sympathy for the illness. Transition.
Among many very poorly civilized races, the natural causes of illness, such as unhealthy wind, improper nutrition, overuse of the body, "infection" (example of pulmonary tuberculosis), heredity (leprosy, tencan) It is worth noting that, is also considered.
Besides the manifestation of dreams, another observation in the field of medicine has influenced the concept of bad souls, such as human monsters. Among animals, the role of "mushi" as an expression of the soul or a model of the spirit of illness was not small. It was observed that this, the fact that maggots are made between rotten animals, and that true beetles cause disease in humans and animals, and are made from rotting bark. Here, I will quote the "Mushiba no Musi" found in European folk medicine and oriental medicine.
The primitive man thought that the cause of the disease was clarified by the demon hypothesis, so the treatment was therefore aetiological, and witchcraft should have been countered by witchcraft.
The primitive man regarded illness and recovery as a conflict between two opponents who used magic. In this battle the weapons were supernatural, that is, made from mysterious and magical weapons. This destroyed the laws of nature and did not help these processes with knowledge. It was influenced by unnatural methods and was related to nature.
This power was given only to individual members of the race. With secret knowledge and mysterious techniques (mainly using poison), he engages with the spiritual world, counters charm, protects against genie, and contacts the angry god to be quiet. They are fanatical workers, and if they do not succeed in the usual cures, they will replace the witch doctor in a magical way to affect the weather, succeed in tracking, favor the war, and predict the future. During the epidemic of illness and epidemics, their reputation lies in their intellect, and as their experience grows, they become profitable and surrounded by a cloud of light that opposes the genie. As trust in others grows, trust in themselves grows, and their success as healers is undoubtedly that they are using true treatments, which are surprising additions to their surroundings. It depends on the fact that this causes (suggestion) natural healing.
Of course, there are few magical treatments that have come down to our time, and it consists of amulets from the early Stone Age and early Bronze Age (Northern Medicine Man's pouch). The former is a piece of trepanation obtained from the skull after death and is carried with a string. The latter are animal teeth, weasel bones, cat forefoot, squirrel jawbones, bird airways, snake spines, and so on. These relics mean that they are spoken. This is because they are associated with existing customs, not only in the past of believing in genie, but also in the knowledge of today's primitive people, and survive at various stages of medical and religious beliefs. .. From the mysticism of ancient medicine and the magic of today's primitive medicine man, we can draw conclusions about the procedures used by prehistoric healers. These will be found in religious rituals (sacrifice, prayer, fumigation, purification, etc.) and witchcraft methods and acts. The latter belong to amulets, disease transitions, curses, exorcism, genie expulsion, and various symbolic rituals, many of which are medicinal beverages or rational remedies such as massage. It is associated with phlebotomy, bathing, and diet. Many treatments, originally the result of intuition or experience, have gained secondary magical meaning, obscuring their original purpose. In this way, hitting, kneading, or applying pressure to the painful part changes to expelling the devil. Hitting, breathing, spitting, painting, tattooing, etc. on the patient have a magical meaning as a magic to the influence of the soul. Bathing, purification, fumigation, and other dietary regimens have changed into rituals. A critical examination reveals that most of the magical treatments are basically symbolic use of attack and defense habits to protect against danger in normal life. Shown. Thus, for example, sacrifice and discipline are attempts to gain higher power, curses and demon exorcism are challenges and threats, and cunning threats drive out demons, quivering, dancing and smashing patients. The threat is reminiscent of fighting a true enemy.
Amulets are the oldest form of disease prevention and are based on the belief that having a part of another will result in the owner having that function (resulting in stronger natural healing power). From the original habit of eating organs (bone marrow, brain, testicles, etc.), learn simpler animals, animals that are immune to poison (spiders), rare things, polished or bad habits. It became so.
Where demon beliefs are the theory and magic is the habit, diagnosis and prognosis are made only by inspection and supernatural manifestations. Thus, the process of illness and its prognosis are obtained by the strong abilities of dreams, or conditions of ecstasy, and in part by accidental precursors or oracles. Of the various latter, observation of the intestine was of great significance and led to rudimentary anatomical knowledge.
[# End in bold here]
A living copy of the magician's method is described in the conditions practiced among primitive people. The major role of treating the sick is in the hands of Medicine Man. They deliberately lead eccentric lives so that supernatural light clouds occur around them to give fear and surprise to people. "They eat away at unusual times and sleep when others are awake." In many tribes they live apart and avoid certain foods (eg special meats). They usually wear grotesque professional clothing when performing witchcraft treatments. Doctor's offices are often inherited and have special births (twins) or special experiences (dreams, recovery from illness) to be suitable for witch doctors. Among the natural Siberian shamans, it appears that a neurotic predisposition to epileptic seizures is necessary for this suggestive ability, or at least only psychotic individuals succeed in devoting themselves to this profession. ing. This profession is traditionally familiar with convulsions, ready for self-suggestion, and under external stimuli (existence of trustees, repeated spells, tambourine-like magic drums, rhythmic movements). So, they can deliberately fall into a seizure with themselves in an ecstasy state.
Apprentices are lonely and fiercely prepared under constant guidance and often disciplined until they can perform "calls", or some sort of hysterical and hypnotic movement, in order for their magical healing abilities to reach a high degree of inspiration. And receive a secret ritual. Where there is an organization of witch doctors, apprentices trust older members to receive technical guidance. Where this is not the case, the apprentice will accompany the Medicine Man, be educated (searching for medical herbs, making medicines, etc.), assist in magical operations, and gradually gain the necessary skills (also magic tricks). Among many races, experts get approval after some kind of medical examination.
The reward was sometimes considerable. However, this profession was not without danger. After the unfortunate consequences of the treatment, he had to convince his friends that death was due to the malicious medicine man of a fraternity race. In this way, relatives among the inhabitants of Highty will sue and punish him if he believes in the guiltyness of the doctor. Sometimes it's the toughest. Where true priests with religious cults are developing, such as ancient civilized races, the problem of unsuccessful healing is no longer a priest's problem, but the full power of an angry god denying healing. Was considered to be.
Medicine Man's belongings include a medicine pouch, which contains all the special things. Hunting animal claws, snail shells, rare stones, etc. There are also drums and rattles that make amazing sounds when dancing or spelling. Supernatural acts are primarily amulets and symbolic manipulations that involve prayer and sacrifice, returning what has been stolen from the body and soul in fumigation, and capturing, binding and destroying the genie. Kneading, striking, applying pressure and massaging are clearly from empirical medicine looking for pain points. The same is true for blowing or sprinkling (water or liquid chemicals).
On the same line as the indirect message is the symbolic removal of the disease, whether or not it is sucked by mouth, undoubtedly similar to the removal of foreign bodies, like a pre-prepared stone. It's the same as a medicine man removing it by means like a magic trick.
The genie belief is flourishing, and it is conspicuous that there are no unbound ideas, but comparative studies show that the locals do not have any effective treatments.
With regard to treatment, a significant portion of our pharmacopoeia will be fully demonstrated by the most effective content of the natives, and more will be obtained from them in the future. Aboriginal people know many laxatives, stomach medicines, vomiting agents, anesthetics, anthelmintics, aphrodisiacs, fragrances, foaming agents, reddening agents.
In many cases, minerals and animal materials were used in addition to the planted herbs-animal materials such as fat, fat layer, organs, blood, bile, saliva, bone and tooth powder, urine. I can give you feces.
Medicines were given as decoctions, haps, poultices, ointments, ointments, ointments, and rarely powders or tablets. Some races performed enemas with primitive instruments and were familiar with fumigation, inhalation, snuff, nasal infusion, and intravenous drip. It is an interesting fact that many races have been inoculated for smallpox (South Ghana) and snake bites, rubbing the contents of the abscess into skin cuts. Smearing toxic animal fats, scorpion oils, etc. to counter animal venoms can be seen as a vague precursor to the same toxic substances.
In addition to drug therapy, dietary regimen also plays an important role. Along with massage (various variations, from light touch to touching and trampling), water treatment (cold water bath, cold water hot water spray, medicated water, high temperature bath, steam bath), drinking water. All of these were surrounded by many rituals, superstitions, and suggestive customs, which were considered of primary importance.
Various angle-sucking methods (cupping, ball-sucking) and phlebotomy are widely used methods. Sucking is done with a strong mouth or with a simple instrument (bone canal, bovine or buffalo horn, rapidly waxed perforated point, rarely regular horn-sucking glass).
Random cutting is done with thorns, fish bones, stone fragments, shells, bone fragments and glass, or a knife. Vein amputation is performed on various veins with stone fragments or knives. Flint stones are often placed on wooden handles for this purpose, allowing the stones to enter the veins and protrude as much as necessary. The incision is pierced or tapped with a piece of wood on the handle of the instrument. Among the Papuans of New Guinea, a small arrow with a very short flint flint is shot into a vein from nearby with a decorative bow.
The surgical results are considerable. Given the poor anatomical knowledge, the boldness of surgery is surprising. Remove the foreign body with a thorn or other sharp object to open the abscess. Suction is used to treat wounds, and sometimes bamboo knots are used to perform a type of drainage. Sutures and tight bandages are known in some tribes to promote fusion. Small wounds are sutured with spines, which are used to secure both sides of the cut and then wrap both ends.
Some Brazilian Indians have a habit of immediately cutting off the ant's body by pressing the sharp tentacles of the ant's head at both ends of the wound. Wounds are closed using one ant at a time.
In the treatment of ulcers, cauterization with hot ash, hot blades and iron was preferred. It was very difficult for the primitive people to stop the bleeding. For the most part, I didn't know what to do. Occasionally plant and mineral hemostats were used. Not so much, but a circular pressurization (a tightly wrapped bandage) was used. There was no meaningful way to treat dislocation, but there are surprising reports of theoretical ways to cure fractures. Not only splints (trees, bark, bamboo) but also fixing devices made of clay were used.
Most of the surgeries are related to sex, such as male circumcision, female circumcision, castration, mica surgery (penile subincision), caesarean section, and ovarian mutilation. Equally large surgical courage is required for trepanation, surgery and neck rubs (until the bone marrow is exposed to treat rheumatic diseases) performed by natives of the Royalty Islands (South Seas). Removal of the partial digestive gland. Anesthetic and hypnotic intoxication or coma are required for pretreatment of such harsh methods. The success of these operations without any prior disinfection is not uncommon, which means that primitive races are much more resistant to traumatic infections than highly cultural people. Can only be explained by. Births are usually done by women, but the stage of development varies greatly depending on the race. For example, in Murray, attempts are made to correct the position of the foetation in the womb when it is inappropriate, but in Vietnam, the treatment of the residual placenta is to dance on the abdomen. Women during menstruation live apart from other families. Births take place in a special birth shed, which burns after the birth period.
[# Bold from here]
Despite the thriving demonism and witchcraft doctors, pure empiricism never completely disappeared in a narrow range of surgery.
Mysticism did not cause the primitive man to lose the perception that life depends on breathing and warm blood. Death is always a reminder of this basic truth.
However, in the future I will be with the priest. When a nation was established or a priest caste was organized, civilization gradually developed under favorable conditions, and the independent and widespread embryo of primitive medicine was partly Theurgy. Pray for the work] Jump out of a surprisingly eclectic experience, partly empirical. All of these are found in ancient civilizations and are the starting point for all advanced medicine.
[# End in bold here]
[#New Page]
[# 3 indentation] Oriental medicine [# "Oriental medicine" is a middle heading]
[# 3 indentation] Medicine in Mesopotamia [# "Mesopotamia medicine" is a subheading]
[# Bold from here]
Mesopotamia was a nursery for all civilizations, even if it wasn't actually a cradle (Mesopotamia is the part between the Tigris and Euphrates rivers, of which the southern flatlands are Babylonia and the northern plateaus are Assyria.
The science (excavation) of pickaxes and shovels and the decipherment of wedge inscriptions have given us an unpredictablely sophisticated and multifaceted civilization, which records show that it was already a long-term development in 3000 BC. It showed the period.
According to the results of recent research, the seeds of civilization were sown by the Sumerians around 3,000 to 4,000 BC. These people built a canal, making it a fruitful land where they could live in land that was previously unsuitable for living. They laid the foundations for the ancient Orient's cosmic generation theory, religion, and nation. He invented the pictogram, and the wedge character was its development. Promoted research, arts and crafts in astronomy and natural sciences.
The Babylonians and Assyrians were Semitic people who conquered Mesopotamia and borrowed the basics of morality, scholarship, and art from the Sumerians. They further developed these and imprinted on them changes in their personality and wealth to bring about high-pitched perfection, but eventually the kingship and ancient civilization were taken up by the Indian Germanic people.
Babylon, a wonderful decoration in the Chaldea (southeastern part of Mesopotamia) region, and Nineveh, a "divine metropolis", marked the most important historical era rather than the beginning of intellectual development. Babylon and Assyria gave names to the civilizations they had before they had political power, and the loss of political power did not completely eliminate this civilization.
Under the influence of Mesopotamia in an intellectual sense, race and country were separated and became "Babylonians", and became owners of Babylonian culture either temporarily or across geographical boundaries.
The Sumerians, the pioneers of Babylonian civilization, were crushed by semi-conquerors from the southwest, but the Babylonian conquerors remained their names as Sumerian and King Acadé, and their characters, stories, and culture were It lasted for centuries after being defeated.
[# End in bold here]
Originally, Sumerians had cursive pictograms (like Chinese), lined up vertically from right to left, and gradually changed to cursive wedges (while spinning around in a quarter circle). Lined up from left to right, this change was primarily dependent on the writing material (clay tablets and stylus). The Sumerian language was promoted by the Babylonians and Assyrians (even after it was no longer a living language) as a cultural and educational language, like Latin in the Middle Ages.
The Sumerians were probably from Central Asia. According to old hypotheses, their origins are with Arian (Indian German) and the Chinese in the valleys of the Amu Darya and Jaxartes rivers of the Tarim (inland river in Wiggle), common ideas and knowledge ( Especially astronomy) was thought to have spread. The similarities between the Sumerian-Babylonian civilization and the Chinese civilization can be applied to many intellectual manifestations in India and can be thought of as the influence of Babylonia (maybe Greece).
Numerous inscriptions and documents that are the source of our information were found in several abandoned Assyrian cities and are written in Assyrian. Assyrian hegemony lasted from about 900 BC to the fall of Nineveh in 606, and was undoubtedly at the pinnacle of semi-power, but it is correct that the entire period of civilization was called the Babylonian era. The Assyrians, who were industrially and scientifically lagging, were the Lord, because the Babylonians were the true founders, and they made most of the progress in science and art, commerce and industry at almost all times. I found it in military and politics, showing off dignity and ceremonies of court life.
The study of astronomy and mathematics by the Chaldeans, and more specifically the study of astrology, was distinguished by the imperfect customs of classical antiquity, but modern studies and excavations of the Mesopotamian civilization. We had to wait to reveal the breadth, depth, and global significance. Long before Greece first appeared on the horizon of history, the infant Ionians were able to make astronomical observations and calculations with great accuracy. Writing style, pictorial expression, martial arts, and the laws of many countries are directly or indirectly influenced by Mesopotamia. Today's system of weight and length leaves traces of invention geniuses by the old inhabitants of the Euphrates and Tigris lands, and Babylon influences the realm of knowledge about time determination, circle division, and so on. It is part of many things that show that it has not ended the stimulus of world traffic.
Astronomy data in wedge characters not only surprised modern astronomers, but was also practically useful. The Babylonians had two highly developed astronomical measurement systems, two large systems for calculating lunar phenomena, and several systems for planetary observation.
They were familiar with the vernal equinox precession. Given the date and time of the constellations at the ecliptic break. I noticed that the planet went up and down at the same time as the sun, and that it was in contact with the sun. Astronomical four seasons calculated from autumn, the speed of the moon, the law that determines the speed of the sun, the length of one year, the average of the moon, the observed meteors, comets, weather, etc. Not surprisingly, mathematics was in a corresponding state of progress. Two recording systems were used. It was decimal and sexagesimal. The ones of Babylonian origin are especially common to many races, such as water clocks, circle divisions, sexagesimal time measurements (360 degrees, two sets of time (am afternoon?), 60 minutes, 60 seconds). The system of weight and length, the name of the zodiac, December, 7 days a week, the relationship between the value of gold and silver. Babylonians have advanced siege methods and communication techniques-introducing horses-far, widespread commerce, have a great legal system, and advance art (colored textiles, rugs, pottery, etc.) Glass blown), jewelery.
Their sculptures that realistically express animals are very good. Their architecture was very sophisticated. About Music Their 11-string lyre is found in early Babylonian sculptures. Babylonian artistic influence is prominent in mathematics, astronomy, meteorology, literature and art and mythology. These effects directly extend to West Asian countries, Egypt, and perhaps India. However, the adoption of Babylonian civilization has never prejudiced against independent activities, and it must be acknowledged that disciples often surpass teachers.
[# Bold from here]
The high achievements of the Babylon civilization, the best, the profound fruit of the knowledge of the scholarly and chosen priests, consist of the cosmic plan, refined and perfected, the result of the work of many generations. From this all the details of political, social, scientific and life are estimated, similar to the proof of mathematics. The axioms that underlie all systems are that all things are the divergence of God's power, all phenomena are destined by God, and are accomplished according to the invariant laws of harmony that have already been established. It consists of the view.
God's will and God's work are widespread. The same forces and laws govern both large and small things. All series of various phenomena are related to each other like a reflection of a mirror. However, the most important phenomenon is the movement of celestial bodies, which seems to be wrong, but is actually guided by the exact law. Therefore, the sky is a great book that describes the laws of the entire universe. Everything on earth has its corresponding in the sky. Astronomy is the science of science, giving the clearest insights into things on earth and the laws and interrelationships of astrology, and their practical applications in life, and giving clues to understanding present and all future foresights. ..
[# End in bold here]
Astrology, believed to have originated in Babylonia, begins with individual facts and is completely correct in itself, but uncritically applies the (wrong) principle of "post hoc ergo propter hoc" (after this, and therefore therefore). Then, this foundation was generalized to grotesque. Observing the cyclical processes of celestial bodies and the Earth, this process is brought into the right relationship (eg, sun position, climate, four seasons, plants) from unchanging consistency. For example, in this way, that is, the altitude of the sun and the rise of stars on one side, the four seasons and warmth on the other, or the relationship between the existence of a causal relationship between the phases of the moon and meteorological processes and the state of tides. After launching, this premature general relationship was led to the interrelationship between celestial bodies and things on earth, the appearance of stars and things on earth.
Initially, attention was paid only to prominent phenomena related to the nation, such as plague, war, the fate of the king, and others. The coincidence of this kind of thing, along with some clear astronomical phenomenon, was carefully described from the prejudice that this manifestation of misleading coincidence is not just a temporary thing but a cause. .. Therefore, the recurring occurrence of certain celestial events, such as comets, quickly justified the prophecies of seemingly related ground events, such as plagues and wars. From big and general to small and special, it's logically just one step. The reason is that we could not set boundaries for the endlessly regular power of stars.
Constantly recording and comparing with false analogies is not only the general view that one ultimately depends on the other world, but the individual is a copy of the universe in great detail. It was led to the view that his physical condition and fate ultimately depended on the celestial body and was predicted from it. The entire system developed and underwent many modifications, became sacred by ancient times, and survived to modern times.
[# Bold from here]
In the light of the ancient Orient cosmic generation theory, the small fragments of Babylonian Assyrian medicine we received are easier to understand. At the current stage of research, only the most important principles are freed for the few prominent facts, but this inadequate material vaguely illuminates the origin of the medical system.
Generally speaking, Babylon-Assyrian medicine can be said to have the characteristics of both Theurgy and empirical medicine. At least it is correct when the theory was inferred from experience under the influence of an educated priest and the facts gained empirically were systematized from the perspective of an astrologically colored demonism sect. As a result, the combined system conquered all medical methods and ideas. In fact, there would have been parts of both medical methods and ideas that were purely Theurgian or purely empirical in nature, but the latter were few and only a few of the two. is there. Life, illness, and health basically depend on metaphysical forces, and God and demons are influenced by moving celestial bodies, while they (celestial bodies?) Are related to blood and its changes (blood). Theory), but breathing was rarely considered as a secondary function.
As far as the Babylonian teachings about the function of life and the structure of the body are concerned, according to the few available materials, it can be said as follows. "There is a body and a soul in the living body. The seat of understanding is the heart, and the intermediate organ of blood is the liver. Blood is a component that has real life. It is important that there are two types. Daytime blood and nighttime blood, the black veins that lead to the red arteries. "
The view that biofluids, especially blood, is the basis of life is found in the myth of the creation of the universe, in which one of the gods is beheaded and his blood is mixed with the land. There is a quote in the myth of "Water of Life", which is a highly influential body fluid theory, and it is the Euphrates and Tigris that make Mesopotamia abundant and agriculturally successful.
However, it should not be imagined that the significance of breathing escaped from them because breathing does not play a role in the theory of life and illness of Babylonians, although breathing plays a role in the medical knowledge of other peoples.
Sumerian ideographic pictograms can be found to indicate various parts of the body. Such things, when viewed in wedge inscriptions, show primitive knowledge in the anatomy of sacrificial animals. The observation of sacrifice is of great significance from a prophetic point of view, emphasizing the abnormalities of the liver's reality and fantasy. A sheep or goat was used as a model for this liver observation. Two models of terracotta, about 3000 BC, were found. The lower surface was divided into quadrilateral spaces with straight lines, and there were straight holes in the liver parenchyma or just dents. Various parts of the surface of the liver were inscribed with prophecies about the future state of the country or the fate of the king.
The illness was always outpatient to the body, introduced from the outside, and was often thought to have been individualized as a bad spirit. Treatment is by removing the bad spirit, which counteracts or eliminates pathological substances in secretions or excretion.
Frequently changing networks of mysticism and non-wasteful networks of physiological and pathological speculations are recognized as methods of treatment, partly mystical and partly empirical. Prayer, ritual observations, amulets, witchcraft rituals, amulets, and symbol manipulations are combined with or obscured by treatment documents containing remedies and other remedies.
[# End in bold here]
Thus many prayers and chants contained rational methods of treatment (eg, wet squeezing for headaches), but became superstitious spells as mysticism progressed.
Therapeutic material was obtained from all three kingdoms by Babylonian medicine, but most of the names are uncertain and it is not possible to make an extensive list. The most preferred were herbs for internal use and ointments for external use, with sesame oil being the main base of the latter. Dates syrup and honey were used as spices. The drug was extracted with water, milk, oil and kvass (Russian beer). Many grades consisted of many ingredients, mixed with other grades, and given a secret name. For example, "medicine of the sun god", "dog tongue", "yellow snake skin", etc. Let's talk about external use. Ointments, rubbing oils, chemical enemas, baths, cold water baths, cupping and phlebotomy were also known.
[# Bold from here]
Babylonians and Assyrians distinguished many types of illnesses. The classification was, of course, based on symptoms. "Head disease" Eye, ear, nose disease, mouth, lips, tongue, "chest disease", stomach pain, abdominal pain and other abdominal diseases, arm, finger, nail disease, skin and genital disease (breast gland) Inflammation and tumors), childhood illnesses, etc. can be found in their writings. According to the Babylonians, mental disorders caused by heart magic. The plague is often mentioned, but there is no definitive confirmation.
Proving the relationship between Babylon medicine and the concept of the universe in the Ancient Orient is no easier than proving their sect in ancient and medieval times. Nonetheless, the traces found so far undoubtedly show that the great medical system pervades with this idea.
More than likely, Babylonian astrology did not end with the prediction of the plague and the creation of the horoscope, but gradually evolved into the prognosis of the disease.
In pursuing the interrelationship between the human body and the universe, and microcosm and macrocosmos, each anatomical area is placed under the sign of the 12 palace (Zodiac). Significant effects on the treatment of constellations and calendars are found in certain prescriptions. (Significant considerations, such as the four seasons and climate, put under these)
Faith in the influence of numbers, and especially bad for 7, is that doctors are completely forbidden to touch patients on the 7th, 14th, 19th, 21st and 28th of the month (ie divisible by 7). 49th day or 49th from the beginning of the previous month). The ingredients of the prescription betray a number of magic tricks. This is also found in the number of drugs (the number is often given last, and 7 or multiples thereof are always found) minus the inventory component from the specified number of components.
The impact of astrological fatalism on Babylon medicine is at the pinnacle of their medical knowledge. Nothing is more clear than the question of prognosis.
The rest of the Prophet's cloak still rests with the doctor, where to look for the source of prognosis, what intellectual methods are used for its early development, and how to think from supernatural thoughts to medical thoughts. There is nothing more clear than Babylonian medicine whether it will change to. It should be assumed that astrology is the only part of what is commonly believed in the precursors. According to this belief, in addition to celestial events, all notable events, encounters, and others have a precursory role in providing insight into future destiny. The Babylonian priest has an extremely wide range of records, and by painstakingly systematizing them, he creates a complete document, and as a result, writing the precursors is in the library of King Ashurbanipal (King Assyria, who is enthusiastic about learning). It was an essential part.
Of particular interest were the emergence and movement of various animals (sudden appearance of an animal from its phyla into the house, meeting dogs and mess, crowing of cows, flying birds), and of animals and humans. It was a miscarriage, a dream. All of these things have come to a conclusion. May it be a superstitious circle today.
Medicine was also a booth messenger of the priest's prophecy. Medical observations were used in prophecy (malformations, natural abnormalities).
The priest was interested in the aura and then gathered a series of observations about the illness. Thus, the "medical history" was primarily for prophecy, but later for predicting the fate and condition of the patient. Observing the patient in this sense made the precursors valuable (eg facial expression, hair condition, phlebotomy blood condition, urine, etc.). Since the association between cause and pathological course is unknown, each individual symptom is a symbol (recovery or death), a prognosis, not a diagnosis. Therefore, the empirical facts of clinical observation are at the same level as the reasoning of dreams and horoscopes. The next step in advancing medical knowledge is to remove the supernatural elements of the premise that underlies prognosis. In other words, inferences are made solely from phenomena that experience has shown to be related to illness. This stage was not taken in the Orient, but only in free Greece, when the ties between doctors and priests actually happened, was the time when Hippocrates was embodied.
[# End in bold here]
It was found that the prophecies of the Kusabi inscription were based on observations of various parts of the patient's body, and the prophecies were systematically arranged, speaking, facial expression, constellations, right and left eyes, tongue, He mentioned the right ear, neckline, extended right hand, chest, and legs.
It is likely that the Babylonians performed urine and blood tests, given that late Greek literature mistakenly considered these methods as Persian medicine. Given the religious principles of the Persians, who forbid touching unclean things, especially excrement from the body, it is highly unlikely that they were introduced from Persian medicine.
The dream judgment was made enthusiastically. Temple sleep would have been a Mesopotamian custom. That is, deliberately spending one night or more in the sanctuary to receive dream judgments from God related to healing of illness and others. It is said that when Alexander the Great was on the bed of death in Babylon, Macedonian aristocrats went to temple sleep and prayed for healing to the "Serapis" god (the god of the underworld in Egypt).
[# Bold from here]
Mesopotamian doctors were part of the priests, and their reputation fluctuated depending on their reputation as the latter. Perhaps there were independent demons, cuppers, lying downs, and plasterers (as slaves) to priests and well-educated doctors. Medical rewards and medical laws were accurately determined during the reign of Hammurabi (around 2200 BC).
[# End in bold here]
The Code of Hammurabi on this issue was as follows.
"If a doctor performs a major surgery with a bronze surgical knife to cure a patient, or opens a tumor (cavity) with a bronze surgical knife to heal his eyes, he will receive 10 shekels of silver."
"If it was a free man, he would receive 5 shekels."
"If it was someone's slave, his owner would give the doctor a silver 2 shell."
"If a doctor injures a patient with a bronze surgical knife and the patient dies, or if he opens a tumor with a bronze surgical knife and the patient loses his eyes, he cuts off his hand."
"If a doctor kills a free man's slave with a terrible wound, he replaces the slave with another slave." If the doctor heals a broken bone or heals a sick intestine, the patient Pay the doctor 5 shekels of silver. "
[# 3 indentation] Ancient Egyptian medicine [# "Ancient Egyptian medicine" is a subheading]
[# Bold from here]
The Pharaoh's kingdom leaves a deeper trace in human memory than Babylon. The memory of the culture of the Nile nation, which lasts all the time, remains alive, deeply and immutably associated with the civilizations of the Mediterranean nations.
For thousands of years, the majestic pyramids have renewed the golden age of their birthplace in the hearts of many races. The Bible, Homer, Greek philosophers and historians followed the decree of Egyptian science and art long after the hieroglyphs became an unsolvable mystery. In areas of the Dark Ages and where the twilight of superstitious beliefs was vaguely flickering, Egyptian priests were the source of meaningful mysticism and were celebrated as the most supernatural art. Ancient wisdom, like a veiled statue, was more astonishing than understanding and shaped by magical influences on the mind and imagination. No one can squeeze the silent Sphinx's tongue. A corner of the veil hiding Egyptian civilization was first lifted when the three-language inscription Rosetta Stone prepared the forgotten documents and story keys of the Pharaoh by a curious interruption. The wiseness of the scholars was able to bring the lost centuries of intellectual treasure into the light from temples and tombs, from inscriptions and drafts of papyrus.
Desert sand, Egypt's almost rain-free climate, has greatly helped preserve the old relics of past civilizations, giving a better view of Egypt's development, at least its prominent properties, than not far from Greece and Rome. Can be done. And they have insights into the history of Egyptian politics and the abilities of politicians, their lives, their thoughts on religion, their artistic, industrial and handicraft abilities, and their science.
Many new perspectives were obtained after the excavation of the tumulus and the ruins of the city. However, not many overestimated opinions have melted into the purification furnace of critical investigation.
Subdivided into majestic architecture, decorative genius, loyalty to nature in artistic expression, stunningly advanced chemical techniques, early-developed mathematical and geometric senses found in structures of all kinds, and philosophy of religion. A large amount of literature, pure science and poetry-all of which, the more they consider their origins in the ancient haze, far exceed expectations.
On the other hand, you have to be careful about the facts. The records that came to light did little to embody the world-famous Egyptian mathematics and astronomy when compared to Babylonian work on the same thing. Surprisingly, no religion, no explanation of natural phenomena, nowhere was a pure abstraction that urged every individual emotion to reach the highest level of the concept. I found that even the most noble questions had improper rules of thought. Extreme insistence on emotions (sensuality) and substances. This is unique to the psychology of African races (ofetishism, animal-headed gods, and many regional gods who oppose the power of the universe). Future discoveries may change this feeling, but it becomes increasingly clear that the monopoly of the considered Egyptian civilization will not be supported throughout its development (language, religion, art from other countries). Is often shown to be borrowed.) There was undoubtedly a sudden acceptance from Asia. This overwhelms the land-specific, inactive tendencies and the premature generalization tendencies that come from experience, while signaling a new impulse for progress that has been felt repeatedly (under King Hiscos and Armana). It was a thing. Active realism related to mysticism, which has a strong tendency toward matter, is a characteristic peculiar to ancient Egypt.
Egyptian medicine has the same feeling if the information obtained by tapping it so far is constant. However, the difference is that healthy realism has a rich form of empiricism, which gives the painting a brilliant glow even with a mysterious veil, but the lack of a high degree of abstraction is a fundamental condition for scientific development. This is because the balance is not heavy.
Egyptian doctors and hygiene conditions in the Pharaoh country have gained a great reputation. The highest evaluation that classical antiquity had to give was that many Greek thinkers built their own buildings in front of the pyramids in the country of the Nile. Homer showed these primitive influences, praising the high position of medicine in Egypt and singing the country as follows:
[# Indent two characters from here]
Rich nile
The rich earth with various simple clothes
…………
The patron god who takes off from Pseon
Medical care for all Pharaoh races.
[# 4 indentation] "Odyssey" Volume 4, Song 1, lines 320-25 (according to Alexander Pope's English translation)
[# End of indentation here]
[# End in bold here]
Herodotus (Father of History: 485 BC: Herodotus) declared Egypt to be the healthiest country, but "some deal only with eye diseases, others only with the head, teeth, abdomen, or internal organs. Only handle. " Diodorus of Siceria (Greek historian: 1st century BC: Diodorus) said. Egyptian doctors said that eating too much food was the main cause of the illness and that they were obliged to cure with fasting, vomiting and laxatives, and to cure soldiers and travelers for free. The same author also says. Doctors are not blamed for understanding and prescribing a series of treatments, but they are sentenced to death if they go independently outside the limits and result in death. According to Clement of Alexandria (theologian: c.165-c.215), Egyptian medicine is written in 21 Hermes books, the author of which is said to be Thoth (equivalent to Hermes in Greece). Is.
[# Bold from here]
Homer's compliments and quotations from Greek historians indicate the golden age of Egyptian medicine, and what is said was not far from the truth.
We now know. By the time the Nile was opened to the Greeks in the 7th century BC, Egyptian medicine was not at the top, but downhill. If the originality of the published literature was the norm, it would be recognized as the era of maximum development around 2000 BC. Clearly proven, the two papyrus rolls primarily believed to be related to Egyptian medical knowledge, namely Ebers Papyrus and Burgush Papyrus, were written between 1600 and 1400 BC, respectively. Is. However, these two are just edits of an old document about 3000 years ago when the pyramid was made.
The Egyptians, in common with many races of ancient civilization, combined healing techniques with those of supernatural origin to bring many gods closely related to medicine. The most often mentioned in this regard are: Ra, the god of the sun, the goddess of many medicines and miracles (Isis = Earth) and her son Horus, Neit, the revered sci-fi, and Thoth, the god of the moon (Jeffty, Hermes). : Discoverer of calculation and measurement, religious and scientific documents and therefore the founder of medical literature). Son of Ptah Imhotep (Asclepius, probably a doctor who became a god), his temple is in Memphis. Thoth was a special god of medicine, symbolized by dogs, monkeys and dogs with heads and storks. Thanks to him, an enema was discovered (the stork injected seawater into the rectum with a long beak). Imhotep (“he who came in peace”) became more important with Memphis and his school. Khnum with sheep horns and the goddesses Sekmet, Pact and Bastet with cat or lion heads were worshiped as the gods who gave birth and led the birth of children. God Seto (or Typhon) represents evil and brings plague. He is depicted with a donkey's head.
[# End in bold here]
The doctor belonged to the priest caste, was worshiped religiously, and was entrusted with the care of all learning. Medicine was taught at the medical school attached to the temple, along with other scientific disciplines, the most famous of which were Heliopolis (ancient name On), Sais (ancient name Sau), Memphis and Thebes. Medical experts were undoubtedly educated in clinical practice and theory, which is inferred from the Holy Book and its annotations, inspired by Thoth. Treatment opportunities were given to many patients in the temple, and doctors, priests, sometimes visited patients' homes. Having a doctor as a priest had both advantages and disadvantages. On the other hand, formal education was ensured, unskilled doctors did not spread, and doctors belonged to the priesthood group and were able to receive salaries from the priests' foundation. Science, on the other hand, was mixed with Theurgy, with very narrow restrictions on individual attempts under divinely inspired bans and unprogressive habits. In this way, I've heard about famous medical schools, but few about some good individuals, and medical schools weren't possible, even though they should have different medical views.
It was a long time ago that priests-doctors were differentiated into narrow-sense doctors, surgeons, and demon exorcists (demon exorcism was the highest position). The introduction of experts, however (as Herodotus says) was probably peculiar to the period of the decline in Egyptian medicine. Individual priesthood schools emerged and, according to Ebers Papyrus, created a particular specialty. The priesthood school, like a legal entity, occupies a right position in medicine and oversees medical activities (the first priest of Sais had the title of "first doctor"). Obstetrics (and cosmetics) were in the hands of female professionals, with midwives being the best.
The science of the priest has given good knowledge (zoology, botany, chemistry) of natural phenomena to treatment methods and drugs. The botanical garden existed. Chemistry, derived from the unique name of the country Egypt, has evolved considerably [the ancient local name of Egypt was derived from Kemet, "black, black land", and chemistry was also called "black technology". Organizer Note]. Nevertheless, the knowledge of the structure and function of the human body was very low. The sources available, of course, consisted of practical medical research and prescribing books, which provided no basis for definitive judgment. But these did not help the Egyptians at all with any anatomical knowledge, as they did before, as the basis for how to make mummies. What they knew was significantly less than what they had learned from such procedures. In connection with this, we must not forget the following. That is, the removal of the internal organs, which is the pre-stage of mummification, was performed by workers, not by doctors, and it was almost impossible for ritual observations surrounding habits to satisfy scientific curiosity. The primitive concept of anatomy of Egyptian priests is derived from accidental experiences and observations during the slaughter of animals, and like other people, a pre-anticipated network of natural philosophy. It was an observation woven into.
According to the excavation of the oldest era (Negada era), two types of burial were revealed. One was that the body was crouched and covered with skin. The other is to remove all soft tissue from the bone and bury it after disjointing and breaking it apart, as some African races still do today.
Mummy creation has only evolved gradually. It was not commonly practiced during the Second Dynasty. Until the 5th dynasty, joints were also removed. The desire to prevent rapid corruption in hot climates arose from the belief that the resurrected soul relied on the well-being of the preserved body as it was on earth. The hygienic benefits that accompany it were undoubtedly secondary ideas. An example was burying in a cave or burying in desert sand to naturally become a mummy. Artificial drying was first done with saltpeter. It removes water from the tissue and destroys the fat part. This was followed by myrrh, incense, cinnamon and other preservatives. And this process became an additional process that could not be removed from the prolapse, which was washed with incense and filled with balsam, cedar, pitch, asphalt, shavings, packaging materials, and so on. Later, the corpse is wrapped with separate limbs. Place the finished mummy in a wooden casket, or in a sarcophagus if you are rich. The mummy is brought into the "City of Death" (those who care for the dead must live together here). The earliest burials took place in the basement room, but later became remote above ground.
The mummification operation was shown pictorially on many mummies, but the ones that made a fairly accurate description were Herodotus and Diodorus Siculus.
There are three methods (the corpse of a poor person simply lies in a saltpeter solution). The corpse of a woman is given to a woman for mummification, and only four days later is given to a man.
A very old practice of this practice has been shown to have a certain form of visceral removal, according to Greek reports. First, γραμματε? Shows the line of incision, where παρασχιστη? Cuts the left abdomen with an Ethiopian flint knife. During this time, the crowd threw stones at the caster (a symbol of stone throwing as a punishment for blaspheming the corpse).
The brain is taken out with a bronze hook through the nose. The organs seem to be processed in various ways. According to one statement, it is taken out of a container and thrown into the Nile with Ra's prayer. According to others, organs are cleansed and mummified before being put into the body. However, it is often divided into four containers, which correspond to the four demons of death. (The lid of the first container has a human head imset, which contains the stomach and large intestine. The second is dedicated to the dog's head hapi and contains the small intestine. The third is the jackal head. Duamtev hides the heart and lungs. The fourth is Kebevsenuev, the head of a hawk, which contains the liver and bile sac).
The details of the main parts of the body are certainly not quoted, but they play an important role in Egyptian documents, remarks and myths. Quite a few hieroglyphs indicate body parts. Not only do Egyptian have quite a few body names, but they also use them as illustrations for abstract ideas. The constellations were limbs, and the entire sky was anthropomorphically represented. Even the division of land is anatomical. Each of Egypt's 14 territories corresponded to each of Osiris' bodies.
However, there are many difficulties in confirming the end of Egyptian. One thing to think about is that sometimes the same words are used to describe completely different parts of the body, such as the ears and nose.
As seen in the ideographic symbols and pictograms of hieroglyphs, the discovery by dismantling animals (by cooking or sacrifice) was also applied to humans by analogy. For example, the lungs are always represented by 6 lobes (mammals). ].
We have not received a special anatomy book. However, one of the Hermes books is said to have a description of the human body structure, and according to the etymology of the inhabitants, the second king of the First Dynasty, Athis, is said to be the author of the anatomical book (Athothis). It would be a common etymological mistake with the Egyptian Hermes or Thoth god).
The degree of Egyptian anatomical knowledge is judged only by disparate remarks, such as the number of body parts (in the Book of the Dead, magical spells, etc.). More detailed is a description of the vascular system centered on the heart. Ebers Papyrus has two descriptions of the vessel "Metu". Below this are open organs such as veins, along with nerves and tendons.
[# Bold from here]
The Egyptians' physiological thinking relied on the analogy of external phenomena to humans, and did not depend much on star observation as it did in Mesopotamia. This was due to the rise and fall of the Nile in Egypt, regardless of the heavens for the four seasons. The clear separation between lands was fruitful due to the flooding of water (water / land). Here, the effects of the warmth of the sun (fire), the wind (air), the periodic rise and fall of the Nile, and the effects of the canal system that properly irrigates the land symbolized the structure and life of living organisms. It seems. The living body consists of a solid (bone, meat, that is, earth, humus) and a liquid part (water), and its widely branched vasculature (canal) carries blood and recalls it as a pulse to raise and lower the Nile, and body temperature. Causes (fire) and breathing (air, wind). Egyptian physiology, in contrast to the Mesopotamian favorite blood theory, emphasizes the vital importance of respiration with a touch of local color.
[# End in bold here]
The theory of the four elements was probably first developed in Egypt, and as many have thought, it is visually expressed in the form of pyramids and obelisks, and is not clearly defined anywhere. Bringing life out of breathing and body fluids is important in rituals, and the sacred smoke and water that symbolizes the water of breathing and life stipulates the dedication to the gods and the dead.
The interpretation of similar natural phenomena differs depending on the location is shown next. Excessive secretions, such as eye irritation, that continue to be secreted for a long time, the Egyptians say, "water comes up to the eyes (from the heart)," but from the Greek point of view, the same phenomenon occurs when water overflows from the head. Interpret as. Irrigation in Egypt is not due to rain like we do, but to the rise of water on the Nile.
[# Bold from here]
There is no doubt that respiratory movements put air in and out of the body, and the path of air circulation is determined with unreliable accuracy by observing animals and the human body in the very distant era. It seems like. Some parts of the vascular system always contain blood, while other vessels, or arteries, are always empty (ie, contain air). The fact that the latter is an air pathway is an indisputable proof, and the wrong conclusion was drawn by drawing the living state out of the dead state. The heart was thought to be the source of blood vessels.
[# End in bold here]
Ebers and Burgush papyrus has "Uehedu excretion" in the book, which describes the vessels of air, which is the origin of the oldest air theory. It is wonderful here that there is a distinction between good air and bad air, that is, raw air and dead air. It is unlikely that they circulate separately without considering the incoming and outgoing air (this distinction corresponds to the distinction between daytime and nighttime blood in the Babylonian blood life theory). The heart and stomach (indicated by the same hieroglyphic cooking jar) were thought to form a dual system in which blood was made from the food taken in. The heart was thought to shrink with age.
[# Bold from here]
Religious and superstitious elements were an important part of pathology, especially in epidemic pathology, but rational observation was predominant.
Egyptians attributed their illness to overeating and to existential or imaginary parasites.
In certain drafts, magic papyrus, or worship texts, the imaginary or customary cause of illness was predominant. Mysticism argued that different parts of the body were under the control of a particular god, and that they were under the harmful effects of evil spirits. It is not surprising that the word "parasite" has become a major symbol of the disease in lands where animal parasites are actually a very large part of the pathogen. In general, the Egyptians inferred pathogenic "parasites" where they could not prove and thought that they originated in the fluid of diseased tissue.
What was described as ill was an individual symptom or symptomatology complex. Not surprisingly, recognizing the latter shows a higher degree of diagnostic reasoning.
[# End in bold here]
Ebers Papyrus describes treatments for some illnesses. However, the meaning of the signs of various illnesses is accompanied by many linguistic and medical difficulties, which have not been completely overcome so far. Among many, the following are listed. Abdominal illness (which probably includes erythema), intestinal parasites, rectal inflammation, hemorrhoids, upper abdominal illness, heart disease, headache, urinary pain, dyspepsia, cervical swelling, throat pain, liver disease, about 30 eye diseases, nose, ear, tooth diseases, tumors and abscesses.
[# Bold from here]
In connection with the diagnosis, Egyptian doctors could be considered proven to have examined urine as well as inspection and palpation.
However, the most interesting thing is that hearing was not ignored as in Ebers Papyrus. Otherwise, it would be difficult to interpret the sentence "I'm listening" at auscultation.
A large part of Egyptian medicine consists of therapeutics. In a hybrid form, half priestly and half empirical, both Theurgian and rational treatments alternated, helped, and influenced each other.
Newer drafts and amateur papyrus have many prayers, blessings, magical expressions, curses, and symbolic procedures. Very early books of the old era are not without Theurgy effects, but there are many prescriptions for pharmacological treatments. Often, prayers and solicitations are found before prescription. The suggestive effect of the drug is enhanced by the fact that the witchcraft text accompanies the drug preparation and that the patient speaks when taking the drug and explains that the ingredients of the drug are of divine origin. Antiemetics, laxatives, enemas, were used to eliminate “materia peccans” according to the basic principles of controlling the outbreak of the disease. Phlebotomy, sweating agents, diuretics, and sneezing agents were prescribed for the same purpose. The bad air was removed by the impact of burping and flatulence (by onions, leeks and beans). Pharmacopoeic drugs-from the kingdom of plants, animals and minerals-were stored abnormally well. In particular, the use of copper salt and seaweed oxymel [a mixture of honey and vinegar] as a vomiting agent, castor oil (with beer) as a laxative, pomegranate as an anthelmintic, and opium and poisonous carrots can be mentioned. .. Imports of foreign drugs (Arabia and India) were mainly made by Phoenicians. A passage of Ebers Papyrus is of Phoenician origin. The exception to this was the discovery and commercial expedition of the Red Sea coast at the behest of Queen Hatshepsut (c. 1500 BC). This is probably the oldest recorded expedition of this kind. The Egyptians negotiated with Asian countries (under Thutmose II and Ramses III) to obtain new medicines directly, and undoubtedly also obtained mysterious medicine from Mesopotamian priests.
The medicines used were liquid medicine, licking medicine, chewing medicine, mouthwash, snuff, inhalant, plaster, plaster, poultice, injection, suppository, enema (discovered by Egyptians), and fumigation. .. The last was the spirit of air theory, which was to drive out "bad air" (or the bad smell of air) with other strong odors, or to replace it with a pleasant scent. Benzoin gum, storax balsam, etc. were used for this purpose, but the preferred therapy was juniper, myrrh, iris, and other smokers, Kyphi. Called "Holy Smoke": Organizer] (the same prescription is engraved on the walls of the Temple of Eedov even during the Ptolemaic dynasty).
Treatment with drugs was subject to strict rules, especially in areas where repressive restraints that restricted individual behavior were felt. Acute illness cannot be treated for more than 5 days, dosing gives a strong drug on the first day (as a pre-treatment for final venom excretion) and takes other drugs on the next 4 days (As an end treatment). Therefore, the following note can be found. "During one day" "During four days". The prescription was in a format similar to today and consisted of bases, additives, excipients and neutralizers. Early simple prescriptions are in contrast to later complex complex drugs. The amount is very precisely regulated, the same amount of medicine contains the same substance in a surprisingly regular amount, and the weight of the medicine is 1: 2: 4: 8: 16: 32 (weight squared system). ) Was the relationship.
We know very little about Egyptian surgery, but here too there is evidence that they have done a lot. Definitive proof can only be obtained from tumor surgery (except for circumcision and castration).
Obstetrics is in the hands of midwives. Delivery is carried out on a delivery chair with the assistance of four midwives. The head of the midwife sat in front of the midwife, who was also supported by one on each side and one later.
Eye surgery (Egyptian eye surgeons have a high reputation), otolaryngology, and dentistry are represented in medical textbooks.
[# End in bold here]
The final decision should not be made on materials that have not been deciphered until recently and lack surgical interest. Perhaps more relevant statements are hidden. According to Kahun's veterinary papyrus, from a very old age the Egyptians have also avoided surgery, which requires considerable skill in animals. According to excavations, they had the ability to make special tools. Cupping glass [sucking angle: glass cup for sucking skin], knives, hooks, tweezers, metal rods, needles, etc., which the mummy creator can use to remove the brain from the skull without damaging the face. The dexterity to take out may be used in other areas as well. The textbook certainly mainly mentions the removal of the tumor. Fractures were found to be well fused in the mummy, overlapping over 4 cm. No facts of limb amputation have been seen.
Ebers papillus is a wound (bite, burn, insect sting), foreign body, necrosis, pus accumulation, pustule, stinking abscess, neoplasm (lipidoma, cervical abscess, gland swelling, mammary gland swelling), body And deals with external diseases of the extremities (pustules, blisters, blisters, hardening, etc.), and hemorrhoids, etc. Wound care is partly linen and partly lint (made from flax, linen, or cotton). Ointments and plasters mix oil, various fats (goose, cow, pig, donkey, cat, hippo), wax, honey, and add many other substances. The cavity is filled with a lint pad with a support or similar material spread out. Use a stimulant-removing plaster to remove foreign bodies (due to Filaria Medinensis), and use a lancet [* scalpel of both swords used in surgery] and ablation for surgery.
The following example of Ebers Papyrus shows the method of examination and treatment.
[# Indent 2 characters from here, indent and indent 3 characters]
"If you see a swelling with a protruding tip, a sharp outline, a rounded shape and pus, say:" It's a tumor with pus growing in the flesh. ... I have to treat this illness with a knife. ""
"Look at the growth in the patient's throat ... there's something inside ... if the apex is raised like a wart, you know it's inside."
"If you see fat growth on your neck and it looks like a flesh abscess and softens your fingers," he has fat growth on his neck. I take care of my blood vessels and treat this disease. ""
"If you find a tumor in the flesh of a particular location on the patient, like the skin on the flesh, and it seems to move with your fingers, then this is a flesh tumor." I'll cure this disease with fire. ""
[# End of indentation here]
Ancients say that Egyptians have been circumcised since the early days, found in mummies and paintings (showing paintings from the time of Ramesses II operating on boys). It was. Priests and aristocrats were always circumcised.
Female genital mutilation was a widespread practice in Egypt from the very beginning.
Eye surgery is a very important part of Ebers Papyrus. However, neither "Egyptian eye epidemic inflammation", which became an important part of the Middle Ages, sheds light on cataract surgery.
The only surgery described on this papyrus is upside down hair removal. The recognized illnesses are conjunctivitis-the main symptoms are redness, swelling and secretion, which are treated independently-inflammatory keratotic opacity, corneal abscess, epiphora, miosis, strabismus. , Eyelid patchy bleeding, strabismus, miosis, chemosis, ptosis, upside down, etc.
Regarding treatment, it was surprising that local treatment (coloring using goose wings) had the first position.
Lead sulfate, antimony sulfate (as cosmetics), patina, copper sulfate ...
In relation to dentistry, it must be stated that papyrus contained a number of prescriptions and that the mummies had been replaced and preserved upon examination.
Obstetrics and gynecology were covered in the two oldest Egyptian drafts. Pregnancy diagnosis, pregnancy promotion education and childbirth assistance, increased lactation, menstrual regulation, uterine deviation, mammary gland disease, dysmenorrhea, etc.
Pregnancy or parturition progress According to Burgush Papyrus, one instruction to know if a woman is pregnant is to mix the ground watermelon with the milk of the woman who gave birth to the boy. She said she would be pregnant if she vomited, and if she had only flatulence, she wouldn't.
[# Bold from here]
Reaching hygiene and disease prevention in ancient Egypt was a higher stage than treatment. Many of their hygiene policies are well worth admitting, not only from their own time, but also from today's knowledge, especially given the hot climate. Herodotus's statement that "Egyptian people are the most hygienic people along with the Libyan people" is well supported.
The wonderful social hygiene buildings in Egypt must have undoubtedly been built on the experience gained from the distant past, especially all aspects of the epidemic. If this was the first and mainly served the king, the priest, and the upper caste, it would not have had no effect on the lives of those who had fallen to the lowest, but the health of the people was the king's best. It was a sacred concern.
Recognizing the fact that most illnesses come from overeating and prevention of illness is easier than treatment, antiemetics and enemas are given purely for prevention (according to Herodotus and Diodorus) for 3 consecutive days each month. Was a habit.
The Egyptian priesthood is probably of divine origin and evidence of deep knowledge of popular psychology. Those who have developed to some extent intellectually have maintained the principle of action that authority can persuade them to act in their own interests and that they can bring about secondary remorse. These ordinations are of pious (ie clean and unobtrusive) and supernatural interests, as seen in all forms of public health and life, physical care, clothing, food, sexual life, and inscriptions on many temples. Instead, he promised longevity, borderless health, and a wealth of problem prospects.
Diodorus said. "The whole form of life is so equal and orderly that it seems that the rules of health are lined up by a scholarly doctor, not by a legislator."
[# End in bold here]
From the very beginning, canal systems, transportation systems, fumigation disinfection (especially during epidemics), and inspection of meat before and after slaughter by a professional priest were considered as public measures. This meat test consisted of an animal appearance test, a visceral test, and an odor-based blood test. This meat test was a ritual practice (sacrifice, the best part was the front legs and heart), but it helped hygiene, consciously or unconsciously. Most Egyptians' rules of life can be seen from two perspectives, as one certainly does not eat meat that has been rejected by the sacrificial test.
From a practical point of view, hygiene has always been at the forefront, and religious ideas were just an excuse.
The highest emphasis was placed on the cleanliness of the home, physical care, clothing and diet in accordance with basic religious and hygienic laws. The priest was, of course, the example of the strictest cleanliness rule. They took a bath twice daily and twice nightly. They shaved their whole body once every three days, and during the New Dynasty they were buzz cuts. Wearing a lab coat (always linen when working in the temple office). Be careful when choosing a diet and always avoid pork, beans and onions (avoid flatulence). Later they drank only boiled or filtered water, but their favorite was beer brewed from barley (a gift of the god Osiris). As you can see from the images of the students' banquets and various excerpts from the text, the Egyptians did not dislike drinking (for example, the following advice to students: "You throw away your books and enter into pleasure." , Go from the bar to the bar-the smell of beer keeps people from you. "). Going into this direction and sexual indulgence was against the discipline of the priests and the strict laws. Paraphilia was demonstrated by the obscene Turin Papyrus. The myths of Horus and Set are the facts that male sex existed in ancient times, and the two remaining fairy tales tell the scene of adultery. Interference with pregnancy and childbirth, and abortion were severely punished. Mating during menstruation was forbidden. In the Book of the Dead, self-reliance was said to be evil. Only one wife was allowed as a priest. In contrast to our view, marriage between brother and sister was recommended and flourished in the royal family (until the Ptolemaic dynasty). The area of ​​sexual hygiene was circumcised and performed as a ritual, with flint stone knives between the ages of 6 and 10 in priest and samurai castes and, according to other sources, by the age of 14.
Egyptians paid great attention to the care of their children. The toddler was wrapped in a large soft cloth and carried. After weaning, only milk was given first, and then only vegetable food and water were given. Children mainly live outdoors and are completely naked until the age of 5 (barefoot until the age of 10), play lively games (wheel rolling, balls and dolls found in the grave), after which the children go to school (they are found in the grave). I learned reading and writing arithmetic in 3-4 hours a day.
Physical education and swimming in affluent homes are wonderful, but intense education is over.
In the working class, lifelong hard labor began early. According to Egyptian documents, it is described as "a child is made only to keep it away from his mother's arm. When he grows up, his bones break like donkey bones."
Physical care has developed significantly in Egypt, perhaps intimately entwined with the use of cosmetics, as well as prevention. Excavations have provided paintings of life on these (the Berlin Museum has a dressing box for Queen Mentuhotep in 3000 BC). Eye makeup (originally preventing conjunctivitis), hair recovery (the oldest is in Ebers Papyrus for Queen Chess of the Third Dynasty), perfume (female genital fragrance with other tyling), smoothing the skin Prescriptions such as to improve the appearance of the skin have also been discovered. It's also good to mention the tooth-maintaining device here-cover the crown and seal it with gold.
[# Bold from here]
The highly developed hygiene of Egyptians, as we are familiar with, has completely overshadowed their medical knowledge, as the currently available drafts show.
This disproportion is so great that it implies the possibility that a literary monument that can bridge the crevice is hidden or unreadable.
This disproportion seems to prove that highly developed hygiene is based on empiricism and is based on accurate observations, so little is lost due to false theories.
But today, one thing is clear. At least Egypt was a pioneer of Jewish public health, having a strong influence on the beginning of medicine in Greece, which had a strong influence on the development of mankind.
The medicine in the wedge-shaped letters and hieroglyphic documents influenced beyond the boundaries of the land where they were made, and in the focus they met, many new oriental medical culture daycare centers were created, albeit small. The hypothesis is affirmed by many traces. Such a center must be, for example, Sardis, the capital of Lydia, and many Greek texts show its importance in this regard.
Syria and Palestine were places where the political and cultural influences of Egypt and Mesopotamia met and there was a sharp confrontation, and it is probable that they were homes where both medicines intersected. The materials found so far are not sufficient to prove the correctness of this idea and do not have a comprehensive view of what medicine people who lived in these lands at any given time had.
The Phoenicians were not only retailers of bringing medicines to the international market and discovering medical inventions, but also had a drug treatment system that was only partially different from the Egyptians.
A Phoenician prescription has been found in Ebers Papyrus. Recently, the temple of the Phoenician medical god was excavated and offerings were found.
As for the Aramean country, it seems that many plant names are recognized in their stories, indicating that they would have had the knowledge to use them. The main information about the achievement of medicine by the ancient Israelites comes from the Bible, where "Elohim" [the author (group) who calls God Elohim in Moses 5: Worker's Note] and "Jahwist" [Moses]. The author (group), who calls God Yahweh in the five books, [worker's note] reflects the conflict and practical results of the blood theory (Mesopotamia) and the air theory (Egypt).
[# End in bold here]
[#New Page]
[# 3 indentation] Ancient Persian medicine [# "Ancient Persian medicine" is a subheading]
[# Bold from here]
Cyrus II's victory erased Babylon's name from the history of the nations and allowed young and powerful Persians to rule the entire Near East, which was wider than the Semitic Kingdom of Akimenides, which stretched from the Indus River to the Mediterranean Sea, and eventually. Has extended to the country of Pharaoh.
The ancient Babylonian civilization could never remain essentially under changing political conditions. The work done by the Sumerians and Semitic people in Babylon in the centuries remained untouched when the kingship was transferred to the Iranians and the Indian Germanic people. In the vast and heterogeneous territory of Persia, many individual races were allowed their religions, customs and languages. A three-language document (Rosetta Stone) shows this. With generous policies, the conquerors sought to blend the national character of the Zend race into a harmonious whole with disparate elements. Even if the originality was superficial, it was a concept that had Assyrian, Egyptian, and Greek influences on modern architecture and sculpture.
The result of this eclectic tendency was not a great success. Even if we gathered the nations, they did not become one that was in close contact with each other. There was not enough energy for the Zend race to jump into the world empire in one go from a small patriarchal condition and to give the depleted ancient civilization the equivalent freshness. Apart from the great religious ideas, the Iranians did not even leave an impression of their own lack of personality.
This is especially true in medicine. It makes sense to distinguish between the medicine of the Kingdom of Persian and the medicine of the Persian people, hiding it under the banner of the Zend state, except for the scholarship borrowed from Babylon, and later moving it to the West.
Due to the almost complete lack of ordinary sources, we are very common in medicine from the religious documents Zenda Avesta and its literary precursors that today's Pearlusians (Zoroastrians of India) have carefully preserved. I was only able to get the concept. What must be explained about this is that the statement binds only the strict followers of the Zoroaster (Zoroaster) religion.
Ancient Persian medicine, like Indian medicine, originated in primitive Aryan medicine, and its individuality was influenced by the national system of religion.
The role of medicine in the life and thoughts of Ahura Mazda (the supreme deity of Zoroastrianism) is clarified in Avesta (a collection of scriptures). The law book Vendidad uses almost all of the last three chapters for this and describes its origins. "Trita" is "the first of the Paradata races to be helpful, insightful, powerful, rich and wisdom" in fighting illness and death. With the help of heaven, he was able to perform both internal medicine and surgery. In response to his prayer, Ahura Mazda allowed countless healing herbs to grow and gave him a metal surgical knife.
According to the strict, dualistic notion of the universe, it is the work of the evil god (Ahriman) to show countless signs of illness, and this evil god manages to believe in God. I'm trying to hurt. Therefore the illness is always a demon and the patient is obsessed.
Amid the great suffering of the people, many fever illnesses (Avesta's books include a number of descriptions, including fever and chills, some of which) and skin illnesses must be considered. Others mentioned include headaches, dizziness, sexual disorders, disabilities, poisoning (snake bites or toxic plants), gynecological illnesses (postpartum fever, menstrual disorders-menstruation lasting more than 9 days Was considered morbid).
Those thought to be related to such bad souls and demons, illnesses, body secretions, corpses, were considered filthy. It should be noted that menstruating women and puerperal women belonged to the "dirty", which quarantined them and instructed them to be clearly clean.
[# End in bold here]
According to tradition, Jahi, an obscene and bad soul, is said to have started menstruating for the first time when Ahriman kissed her head. Menstruating women appear to be filthy and have harmful effects, isolated in a room separate from the rest of the house (4 days on average), sprinkled with dry straw, fire and should be clean Stay at least 15 steps away from the water. Not surprisingly, Avesta bans sexual intercourse during this period and is only allowed after proper purification. Postpartum women are also considered filthy and can associate with men for a period of time (40 days later). Miscarriage women are required to be very tightly quarantined. Miscarriage is considered to be the most severe effect of evil. A strong emphasis was on cleaning the nine openings of the body's gates: eyes, ears, nostrils, mouth, genitals, and anus. Contact with the corpse was considered a particular cause of filth. This was a major delay in medicine from the beginning. According to Avesta, the body of the dead is in front of the bad soul, which has a prey in the form of a fly. The filth spreads from the corpse to the house in which it lies and everything. The negative impact spreads to all relatives, and the closer the relationship, the greater. It was the casket that laid the corpse, and he made it a business and was completely looked down on. For a while I had to refrain from associating with everyone.
According to Zoroastrians who emphasize immortality and resurrection, let us emphasize here that death means separation of body and soul. However, Persian psychology recognizes that the ultimate mental power is the vitality that guides the functioning of the body and comes and goes with the body. What is associated with vitality and becomes one with the body and does not disappear with it is the conscience, the soul, and the spirit (will) in the narrow sense.
[# Bold from here]
The treatment of the sick was to expel the sick demon from the Zoroaster's point of view, purify it (in both religious and hygienic sense), and put it in the hands of the priest. Above all, both prayer and spells (sacred words) were used. “Many treatments used herbs and trees, more water, and more words. The use of sacred words almost always healed the sick.” As collected from these texts, Next to Theurgy itself was "herbal healing". Ahura Mazda has given healing power to herbs, especially toxic ones (leak-seiyoniranegi, aloe, canabis-timer), to limit the effects of demons.
Persians, like Indians, appreciated the therapeutic effect of water. It also serves as purification and atonement for sin (the guardian of long and healthy life controls water and food). Some illnesses required knife treatment, but ancient Persians did less surgery. Otherwise Darius I would not have had to call a Greek doctor to treat the dislocated talus (ankle bone). There was a high degree of stress on the ability of surgery in the permission to practice a doctor. That is, only those who have succeeded in three surgeries (for unbelievers!) Can show their abilities to Ahura Mazda followers. Thanks for the efforts of doctors were paid at a fixed rate depending on the financial strength of the patient, and often in-kind.
[# End in bold here]
Avesta forbids the witchcraft that the Babylonians, Turans (Persian faction), and Medes do, for example, among the treatments with Theurgy. It was the unbelievers (assisted by Ahriman) who had such abilities. Prayer was the main defense against Demon's wrongdoing. However, when with the people of Zend, especially in the case of illness, some prescribed texts, which are generally considered anti-magical, were required rather than holy documents. Amulets were also used (Varadshan bird wings and bones,? Crows). Just as the medieval distinction between "white magic" and banned "black magic", it seemed that a boundary was drawn between the types of magic, depending on whether good and bad demons were related.
Regarding medical practice and rewards, the "Book of Law" says as follows. "Asker! When a believer wants to be a doctor, who should be treated first, a believer or an unbelieving? He will die from surgery for the third time, and he will die from surgery for the third time, and he is not suitable for permanent practice.
If anyone did not succeed in demonstrating their abilities, but dared to practice and kill the patient with unskilled treatment, this would be considered a deliberate murder.
"Anyone who first operated on the unbelievers to heal, second operated on the unbelievers to heal, and third operated on the unbelievers to heal, then he was forever. , Eligible to provide medical care to believers at will, operate at will, and cure at will. "
"Heal the priests for the believable prayers, one family owner for the price of small baggage animals, one family owner for the price of medium baggage animals, one ethnic group owner For the price of a good baggage animal, the lord of one area cures for the price of a four-span car. "
[# Bold from here]
Vendidad wrote that rapid assistance was the doctor's duty, but he said he should be careful not to rush treatment unnecessarily and should be treated after careful observation of his symptoms. The following decisive policy is given as a policy. "If the illness begins in the morning, treat it that day. If it is daytime, start it at night. If it is night, treat the doctor at dawn."
What is the deeply permeated religious influence? It prevented the development of medicine from changing from the Theurgy empirical stage to a more advanced one. But the priest's symbolism, intentionally or without the wisdom of its creator, concealed the hygienic core, which certainly favored people's health.
Religious rituals are associated with purification and are the teachings of priesthood origin, and are therefore strongly suggestive of personal cleanliness, diet, sexual discipline, bans on oversexuality and metamorphic sexual life, and many other things. The influence made the outsider feel that Zoroaster's teachings, as Prinius said, started from medicine.
[# End in bold here]
Zoroaster's doctrine, whether in human real life or in nature (represented by the evil soul Ahriman, symbolized by worms and snakes), is spiritual and It was a cult of physical cleanliness (a symbol of purifying fire, a picture of Ahura Mazda), fighting all the filth in thoughts, words, and actions. As a symbol of spiritual cleanliness, the actual result was that physical cleanliness was appreciated compared to unbelievers, especially the filthy grassland knights (Scythians and Turans).
It was a useful act to kill a harmful and filthy animal and deliver it to the priest. Spitting and urinating in the river was strictly forbidden, as was washing in the river. Cleaning, cleaning, and prayer, rituals, were associated with the widest variety of acts.
It is a religious duty to avoid polluting the body and soiling clothes, utensils, tools, and to be careful of the spread of impureness to a degree of impureness.
Sexual vices were the cruel punishment of Avesta (scriptures) in this world, and were scared by eternal punishment in the next world. Such vices included adultery, prostitution, masturbation, masturbation, and criminal abortion. About male sexuality He was said to be a demon before his death and an unbelievable monster after his death. Incest has been punished, and so has relative marriage (brother and sister). From this fact, it was necessary to judge the religious and legal policies of the ancient Orient. For example, when looking at cleaning, cleaning, and purifying the sick, remember to omit remembering that this is what Demon believes, rather than a precursor to disinfection. Otherwise, it would be difficult for the priest to first pour cow urine in the cleaning and purification of the festival. For the Persians, the cow is the same as the Indians, a sacred animal (a symbol of tranquility), an idea in the prehistoric Aryan era.
The harsh consequence of the belief that the illness was "dirty" was to isolate the incurable.
The importance of Persia in world medicine is not the reach of this country's medicine, and the country's doctors are overtaken by Indian, Egyptian and Greek doctors, exchanging ideas and medicine by the geographical role of East-West exchange. Trade was important.
The most valuable and lasting service was later the act of the Sasanian kings. Their patriotism was high, but when European civilization declined, it became a haven for Greek medicine and classical civilization, eventually handing it over to the victorious Arabians.
[#New Page]
[# 3 indentation] Medicine in the Old Testament [# "Medicine in the Old Testament" is a subheading]
[# Bold from here]
There is no other medical work other than the Bible that can inform the medicine of the ancient Israelites who were politically independent. It sheds light only on ceremonial observations and medical conditions associated with religious law. Even though this material is enhanced by similes in historical conversations or religious poetry, it should be remembered that this information is more about Bible medicine than Jewish medicine.
The main glory of medicine in the Old Testament was its social hygiene, and whatever its original inspiration was its practice was tied to national well-being and conservation. Moses' system, like any other Orient religious system, is best in the idea that physical and ethical purity are interdependent, depending on the dual nature of human beings, in all possibilities. there were.
Orders include prevention and control of epidemics, control of venereal diseases and prostitution, skin care, bathing, food, housing and clothing, labor discipline, sex life, people's discipline, etc. Many of these orders, such as Sabbath rest, rituals, food legislation (prohibition of blood and pork), measures against menstruation and puerperal women and those suffering from gonorrhea, isolation of leprosy patients, camps Hygiene is surprisingly rational in terms of time and climatic conditions, and even in modern science, the prophecy of "showing your wisdom and decency to the people of the nations" (Declaration iv. 6). Meet.
There is no doubt that the hygiene of the Pentateuch was modeled on the hygiene of the Egyptian priests, and later the Babylonians and Pulsi (Zoroastrians), who were probably familiar to the Jews in their Babylonian captivity. The idea (details of the cleaning ritual) was added. However, a salient feature of the Mosaic Law is that it fits the whole population, not a special case. “You will be the kingdom of priests and the holy people of me” (Ex. Xix. 6).
[# End in bold here]
The Mosaic Law is of Egyptian origin can be seen next to the New Testament. “And Moses received all the education of the Egyptians” (messenger vii. 22).
Philo said that according to ancient Jewish customs, Moses was educated in the style of Egyptians and Chaldeans (and thus even under Babylonian influence).
According to Alexandros Clements (c.150-c.215), Moses studied medicine and even chemistry under an Egyptian doctor.
Pulsiism (Zoroastrianism) had a great influence on Jewish religious concepts (Satan, angels, beliefs of the resurrection), and Jews received Pulsi rituals, especially methods of purification. Just as the Jews changed the polytheistic tendencies of the Babylonians to give them ethical value, the Jews are moral ideas that Zoroastrians make the same as cleansing the body. Clarified.
In addition to Egyptians, Babylonians, and Pulsies, Serbians (now Yemeni residents) also influenced Jewish cleanup legislation and passed very strict legislation against all sorts of filth on their own. They are known to have had contact with the Hebrews since Solomon's time. Regarding the hygiene of sexual life, the order to take a bath after sexual intercourse and the prohibition of having sexual intercourse with a woman during menstruation or having a child (40 days) are worth quoting.
Laws are needed to protect against the transmission of infectious diseases, especially leprosy, and when the diagnosis is certain, strict quarantine and cleansing of recoverers, as well as clothing (washing and incineration if necessary) and housing (washing and incineration if necessary) Disinfection of (even collapse) was required. Disinfection after contact with the corpse is done with "red cow ash". Burn a clean young cow with cedar wood, Ezov, and Cochineal. The ash thus obtained should be stored in a clean place and used when needed. Part of the ashes is placed in a container and poured with "live water", which a healthy person pours into a bunch of Ezov and hangs everything on the person who touches the corpse.
[# Bold from here]
The Old Testament actually contains quite a few descriptions of medicine in a narrow sense. For example, plague (plague?), “Leprosy”, lame or cramping conditions, mental illness and venereal disease, birth defects, skin diseases and malformations. However, the description is partial and their bodies are rarely available. This is especially true in the Bible's "leprosy", which cannot certainly be identified as leprosy as we know it, by examining all the quotations about it. Perhaps the term includes a number of skin diseases, and "leprosy" is a special disease that requires the most detailed description for its differential diagnosis (Levi xiii.).
With respect to the cause, the plague that affects the entire population is considered a punishment or visit by Jehovah, but only individual traces of the underlying pathogen meaning are seen.
[# End in bold here]
As a natural consequence of strict monotheism, believing in malicious demons is forbidden in the Old Testament. This is not true in general Jewish races, as the New Testament and Tarmud show. In addition to the act of idol worship, the rest of the medical folk tale is distinguished by the "Elohist" of the Pentateuch.
[# Bold from here]
Illness cure is hoped for through prayer and sacrifice, and in addition dietary nutrition policies and medicines are used, but apparently few. Among the latter are bath therapies (Jordan River, fountain treatment, oil baths), wine, figs (on compresses), oils, fish bile (for the eyes), ointments, plasters, smokers. The effectiveness of music in depression is understood by David playing a harp in front of King Saul.
Only circumcision is mentioned as a surgical operation. The Old Testament mentions castrated (cut or crushed) boys, but it is doubtful that the Jews themselves castrated.
Oil, wine and balsam were used to cover the wounds. Bandages were used on broken limbs.
The midwife helped the puerperal woman. However, this was mainly limited to words of comfort. The birth chair seems to have been known for a long time.
Due to the inseparable connection between hygiene standards and religion, the priest, the Levi, had the exclusive function of a health official. Their practical abilities are due to some profound knowledge that may be conveyed by verbal habits, but there is no evidence that they practiced medicine as a profession beyond the duties of health officials.
The Prophet did not seem to have no medical talent. Miracles were most sought after in all ages. This is demonstrated by the happy healing performed by the prophets-Elisha, Eliya, Isaiah-and a spoken ritual. Medicine must have been needed as part of the curriculum at the Prophet's School.
[# End in bold here]
According to one statement, Ezra and Nehemiah were highly regarded for their knowledge of the efficacy of a drug. It is interesting that the Byzantine and Salerno authors called a particular prescription Ezora (Ezra). The influence of Babylonian medicine reminds us of the time of Babylonian captivity (597 BC) from a therapeutic point of view.
[# Bold from here]
According to Jewish tradition, King Solomon had a very special ability in healing, and during his reign he enthusiastically engaged in multifaceted cultural exchanges with nearby countries. Legend has it that he even wrote a book about illnesses and their treatment, and that the devout King Hizekia also helped prepare this book. Perhaps this was an herb book containing magical texts. As is well known, King Solomon played an important role in witchcraft for a long time. {Footnote: According to tradition, Noah wrote a book with divine inspiration and angelic teachings, in which he wrote a prescription for herbal remedies for illness and temptation by demons. Here, as in many countries, it is implied that medicine is the origin of God. }
There was no professional doctor in the Bible era, it was mistakenly thought that the cure was in the hands of the priest. This idea has not been confirmed at all. It is surprising that the Bible does not mention priests anywhere when talking about treatment in a non-figurative sense. It must be remembered here that the priest himself oversaw the writing of the Bible. But in the days of the Prophet, anyway, there is a clear basis for the statement that there was a true doctor. The expression "rophe" used by professional doctors was used in this era. It is clearly shown that King Asa sought the help of a doctor rather than the help of Jehovah.
Elemia said it was hard to believe that there was no doctor in Gilead. Job called his friend a "worthless doctor."
From the facts later, I know that a special temple doctor will be appointed for the priests. The priests often suffered from abdominal pain as they walked on cold stones in cold water, light clothing, and barefoot.
The high evaluation of doctors is indicated by the beautiful words of Joshua (Jesus: Sirach's son) (Apocrypha Sirach = Assembly Book)
[# Indent 2 characters from here, indent and indent 4 characters]
1. 1. Respect the doctor. Respect for him as you need him. For the Lord certainly created him.
2. 2. Because the treatment came from the highest point. And he will receive a gift from the king.
3. 3. The doctor's skill will lift his head. And he will be respected in the sight of great people.
4. The Lord created medicine from the land. And a sensible man wouldn't hate them.
5. Will the water be sweetened by trees? Its characteristics are known.
6. And he gives people talent. They will be glorified for his excellent work.
[# End of indentation here]
[# End in bold here]
It was shown below that the doctor would be paid for his work. "If people fight and one hits another with a stone or fist ... if he recovers and can walk around outside with a cane, hit him. He is exempt from punishment, but he must compensate for the part he was absent from work and treat him completely. ”(Ex xxi. 18, 20 et seq.)
[# Bold from here]
We have not received any special literature about the later period of the Jewish medicine Bible, but we can get some light from Talmud. Medicine is often mentioned here. The strong influence of Talmud on later Greek medicine can be seen in later chapters.
[# End in bold here]
[#New Page]
[# 3 indentation] Indian medicine [# "Indian medicine" is a subheading]
[# Bold from here]
Indian medicine, if not the best achievement of their people, is at least quite close to it, and its abundance of knowledge, depth of thought, and systematic composition make it a remarkable place in the history of oriental medicine. Occupy.
Thanks to the abundant fountain of Sanskrit literature that cannot be exhausted, the development extends from empiricism and theurgy [theurgy, necromancy, spirituality, white magic] to the height of a complete system of learning. Can be tracked.
[# End in bold here]
This development is interesting in two ways. On the one hand, it is in many ways parallel to Greek medicine and corresponds to the other great scientific achievements of the Indians (philosophy, astronomy, mathematics, geometry, linguistics) and poetic art ... on the other hand. The Orient jumps out of the land and has a decisive influence on the medical tendency under general civilization conditions.
Like the Semitic, Ham, and Mongols, their natural genius was not worse than that of Greece, but their intellectual impulses were lacking in the Aryan Hindu race. Under the pressure of dogmatism, personal development quickly falls into conditions of stagnation, expressing boring fantasies, small formalism, grotesque imagination, and insignificant fantasies away from beauty and harmony. Will be.
[# Bold from here]
Similar to the history of Indian civilization in general, the history of Indian medicine is divided into three eras.
1. The era of Veda. From the first migration of Hindu to Punjab (the region from northwestern India to northeastern Pakistan) to 800 BC 2. Brahmanist era. Brahmin caste hegemony (medieval in India) 3. Arabian era begins about 1000 years
The Veda era is so called because the state of civilization is represented by four Veda, which are ancient sacred documents (mainly religious chants and scientific interpretations). Rig Veda (1500 BC), Atharvaveda is important from a medical point of view. The oldest Indian medicine from these literary monuments, putting empirical knowledge into the framework of polytheism, the concept of demons of nature, is centered in Theurgy. Empiricism requires some basic facts about itself related to anatomy and illness (including addiction), the action of certain medical herbs, the use of cold water, and primitive surgery. To do. The traces of physiological speculation found here and there are related to subjects such as conceptual processes, and air (breathing) is seen as the main source of essential force.
In connection with increasing religious awareness, the Theurgy of the old Veda era is different from that of later times. Rig Veda's prayers and prayers to the gods become dominant (disease is the result of wrongdoing). Atharvaveda mainly finds magic and spells, aimed at sick demons or against anything that is considered to incite magic (the devil).
Of the illnesses, Takman (personally named malignant fever) plays the most important role, although a significant number have been mentioned, and supernatural practices are prayer and sacrifice, amulets and many methods of demon extermination ( For example, spells and loud noises) were included. It is an important fact to try to transfer the disease to humans and animals through magic (cold fever to frogs, jaundice to parrots). Medicinal herbs, most importantly the sacred milkweed (probably Asclepias Syriaca = a common milkweed-secreting plant), are powerful and demonstratively individualized and used. It is interesting to note that the oldest Indian medicine (generally like primitive medicine) often uses homeopathic or idiopathic. For example, yellow plants are used for jaundice and poison darts are used for poison. Medical witchcraft was originally in the hands of priests, but doctors formed an independent class later in the Vedic period and, to some extent, came into conflict with the Brahman.
Ancient Indian healers carried their medicines in small boxes and, as implied, treated them for profit rather than social service.
[# End in bold here]
In the late Vedic there were gods with clear medical functions, or plague gods, but in the early days there was no such specialization and only general gods, some of whom were more medical and ill than other gods. There were related gods. Among these are Ashvins, Dioscroy (twins), the wind's father, Rudra (the god of storms), and personalized and popular illnesses (eg, fever "Takman"). The therapeutic power of water (bathing and drinking was known in India very early on). The potency of certain plants, especially Soma (a drink of botanical origin; plant name unknown), Indians and Persians have created holy drinks to get drunk.
Atharvaveda's magical prescription is reminiscent of other people's, especially the Germanic amulets and prayers. The following is an example of complimenting an attempt to send an illness to an unfriendly or despised nation elsewhere. “In honor of Takman with a shining weapon! Oh Takuman, Mudsevant or go farther. Bully a tale Cudra woman. Annoy her. Oh Takuman” and so on. This is the opposite amulet to magic. "The eagle finds you, the boar uproots you with your nose, looks for what you hurt to hurt, and hit back the Oh Herb Wizard."
Using amulets as well as medicinal herbs in surgical cases, which sheds a strong light on the knowledge of ancient Indian wounds, and Veda knows how to remove arrows, wound care, artificial legs, castration, etc. Showed that there is. This empirical knowledge was more than insignificant. A distinction was made between a significant number of illnesses. Among them were epilepsy, dizziness, edema, epilepsy, gout, heart disease, jaundice, semi-paralysis, etc. Treatments within the Vedas included abortion, pregnancy, and the aphrodisiac characteristic of Indian medicine.
The following shows that doctors' greed is different. “Each person has different wishes. The wagon coachman wants trees, the doctor wants illness, and the priest wants miki.”
The doctor written in Rig Veda "wants horses, cows, clothes" as a reward for treatment.
Theurgy was never completely suppressed. And since the life of Indian intellectuals was always associated with religion, later medical literature constantly hinted at Atharvaveda and was regarded as an addition to it. The terminology and physiological and hygienic views between the two were almost complete.
Religious rituals, superstitions, habits, spells, continued unchanged, especially in relation to the rational treatment of the area of ​​midwives and the care of children, and even the treatment of the mentally ill.
[# Bold from here]
The Brahmin era was a typical example of Indian medicine and was a golden age. This is especially interesting. Subsequent developments in Indian medicine under the influence of Arabia, on the one hand, add very little newness, and on the other hand, lack national personality. It is surprising that the caste, independent of the priests, has excellent scientific literature, and the widespread development of education and deontological ethics.
[# End in bold here]
It is not surprising that the originality of Indian medicine is often suspected or denied because the outlines and details of Indian and Greek medicine of this era are so similar. Especially in India, it was so difficult to determine when important work was done, before the most recent draft was found.
Given the excellent independent development of Indians in many sciences and arts, their aversion to foreign influences, and today's trends demonstrated by recent discoveries, Indian medicine is most prominent in its originality. It turns out that there is.
Anatomy, pharmaceutics (materia medica), dietics (dietetics), hygiene, are land-specific, and if theoretical or practical knowledge temporarily came from Greece, Indians would be unique. Would have been assimilated with the mark.
[# Bold from here]
As long as empiricism, especially surgery, was blocked by Theurgy, medicine was in the hands of Brahmin. By this time, the scientifically taught doctors belonged to the advanced mixed caste Ambasta (Viadia-Ayurveda medical physician), whose paternal ancestors were Brahmin.
An assistant who is a low-ranking empiricist is involved with them. Includes non-advanced castes of Vaishya (common people). The original origin of the medical staff was the priest, as seen in the whole system of education and in the ethics of this profession. This was first confirmed by the Indians by the fact that the ancestors of the profession's representative were Brahmin. Education was done exactly like the education of Brahmin scholars. A good family is a prerequisite for choosing a medical profession, a family of doctors is desirable, dexterity, and physical as well as moral and intellectual abilities. It was necessary. Lifestyle and research pursuit were the least required. Respect for Brahmin, teachers and ancestors was constantly repeated. Introductory youth is attended by Brahmin on auspicious days when the moon is full in winter. Education begins with a ritual and ends with a vow to fulfill religious obligations and certain duties as a doctor. Teachers cannot teach more than 4 to 6 people at the same time.
The six-year education was conducted by recognized and proven textbooks, one was to memorize the lessons taught by teachers, and the other was hands-on education (visiting the sick and receiving training in surgery in particular. )
“People who are trained only in theory and have no practical experience act stupidly like young people on the battlefield, not knowing what to do when they have a patient. On the other hand, only in practical education. Physicians who are not educated in theory cannot gain the respect of better people. ”Both internal medicine and foreign science should be mastered in the same way. "A doctor without knowledge of one of these subdivisions is the same as a bird without one feather." After completing his studies, he will receive permission from the king to provide medical care.
Full of scientific enthusiasm, this doctor is told to expand his knowledge by interacting with his professional brothers, keeping him from hiding from the light of wisdom. His appearance, his relationships with the patient and his friends, the rewards, all of which are adjusted to the smallest detail. Do not treat hunters, bird chasers, caste breakers, criminals, and incurable ones. As a medical consideration rather than an ethical one, I advise you not to treat those who are treated cold by the King. The public's feelings about doctors are as follows. “When I'm sick, the doctor is my father, when I'm recovering, I'm my friend, and when I'm back in good health, he's my guardian.”
Inappropriate acts will be punished according to the law. Good doctors can enter the heaven of Indra after dying as a reward.
The medical science center is located in the sacred city of Varanasi on the banks of the Ganges. This is also a place to study Brahmin studies.
The next view is that it is generally said to be a necessary trait for scholars, suitable for those who study medicine and those who become teachers. “A scholar must have a fast tongue, small lips, neat teeth, a noble look, a well-shaped nose and ears, a lively spirit, and graceful behavior. He must overcome pain and fatigue. "Don't be." "Teachers read the holy book step by step, line by line, clearly, but without effort, without hesitation, neither too fast nor too slow, without speaking through the nose, in a hurry. Read loudly without showing. "And so on. At the end of the entrance ceremony, newcomers were warned to be good, modest, mustache, tell the truth, not eat meat, and be obedient to the teacher in everything. As a doctor, he must be unpaid to Brahmin, teachers, poor friends and neighbors, devout people, orphans, and so on.
Depending on the day, at dusk, during thunder and lightning, when the king is ill, during a big festival, or during the turbulent nature, scholarship is not done without half the attention. “Students don't just listen to lessons, unlike donkeys who only know their weight, not their value, like they load sandals and timber.”
[# End in bold here]
Cut fruit, puncture the spread leather or bladder or bag, chop the spread leather with hair remaining, venous cut with blood vessels of dead animals or hasstems, wood eaten by insects Or probe a tubular object, open an abscess with a hump on wood, sew a thick cloth, bandage the statue, cauterize on the meat, etc., showing student surgery Practicing surgery.
The following are said in the instructions given to the doctor who will enter the training. "Cut your hair and nails short, keep your body clean, wear white clothes, put shoes on your feet, and hold a cane in your hands." "Humble your appearance and purify your soul. Don't be fooled. ”When entering the patient's house, the doctor wears good clothes, bows, is thoughtful, quiet, and thinks about everything about his appearance. When entering, words, thoughts, feelings, are not directed at anything other than treating the patient. Do not talk about what is happening at home and give no information about the end approaching the end, which can be a prejudice for the patient or anyone else. In particular, getting close to women should be avoided, and doctors warn against gossip, joking, and perhaps receiving anything other than food.
Medical rewards depended on the patient's status and were sometimes very high. The highest position obtained was that of a court doctor.
During the war, the military was accompanied by doctors.
[# Bold from here]
The most famous representative in Indian medical literature was the "ancient trio" of Caraka, Susruta, and Vagbhata. The time when these doctors were alive or successful was determined by only recent research. This indicates that Charaka probably lived at the beginning of the Christ era, and Sushruta was a far distant author of the 5th century AD. And for Vagbata, it is believed that his true work, citing Charaka and Sushruta, cannot be older than the 7th century AD. Perhaps time will reveal whether the existing literature is just a later version of the original, partly ancient, or partly more recent. However, Charaka and Sushruta say they are only young collaborators of ancient Ayurveda (Science of Life), directly inspired by Brahmin, consisting of 1000 verses, each consisting of 100 verses. The times and importance of medical traditions are true. The legendary beginning of this work undoubtedly contains historical germs and is a product of many years, explaining the completeness of knowledge and the similarities in form and content of the two authors. There will be. Not only are the educational systems and terms common to the two, but the exchange of prose and poetry is also common. Charaka is characterized by a large and detailed description, and Sushruta treats this material more rigorously and considers surgery more thoroughly.
All subsequent Hindu books follow the old teachers and are content with the original work commentary, perfecting and improving them with new experiences, theoretical foundations and ancient times. I haven't tried to modify the form at all.
The main obstacle to the progress of truly scientific medicine was the ban on all occupations dealing with corpses by religion, which made it impossible to study anatomy.
Without a doubt, this ban was sometimes overcome by an interest in surgery. It was necessary to know the anatomy. The corpse is left in the water for 7 days, the soggy outer part is rubbed with the bark, and the inside is examined. Such a method, of course, failed to gain the true knowledge of the subject and at least open up the field of reasoning that must be inferred.
[# End in bold here]
There was no description in the anatomy of Indians, and there was only a simple number and classification of body components. It features numerical acrobatics in which 5 and 7 play a major role. A huge number of parts of the body are partially treated by the above process.
The body consists of 6 main membranes and 56 small membranes, 6 or 7 layers of skin, 5 "sensory organs" (hands, feet, arms, genitals, tongue), 5 "touching organs", 7 airs. , Bone, mucus, blood, digested food, undigested food, and in women there is an eighth for the fetus, 15 internal organs, 9 openings, 10 seats of life .... in 107 points Data change in relation to the vessels, 360 bones, 210 joints, 900 ligaments, 500 muscles, which are dangerous or lethal when injured. It is believed that 300 veins are mentioned in one place, radiating from the navel, and 10 major blood vessels popping out of the heart elsewhere. Distinguished from these are 24 tubes (nerves) that are derived from the navel and other tubes, two of which are for breath, urine, feces, semen, and menstrual blood. .. Like the Egyptians, the vessels, nerves, and cavities of all kinds are confused. Not knowing the anatomy explains that there is no definition of bones and muscles in the image.
[# Bold from here]
According to Indian medical theory, the three elements of air, mucus, and bile were considered to undergo an animated process through the body independently of the soul. The air serves the purpose of movement and is primarily below the navel. The bile that distributes warmth lies between the navel and the heart. The mucus that energizes the internal organs is above the heart. The three elements make up seven fundamental components. That is, chyle, blood, meat, fat, bone, bone marrow, and semen. The seven fundamental components correspond to the seven impurities. Chyle is produced from the product of digestion, is caused by an internal fire, flows from the heart through 24 routes throughout the body, and changes to the other 6 components one after another every 5 days. In this way, the process of progress, which took a month, first produced blood. Muscle was made from blood, fat was made from muscle, bone was made from fat, marrow was made from bone, and semen was made from marrow. An important substance consisting of all seven components is a delicate, oily, white, cold, substance that passes through the whole body and regulates its function.
[# End in bold here]
Air (wind) is old, bile is middle-aged, and mucus is predominant in children. Similar relationships, in which some of the elements predominate, regulate the beginning, middle, and end of the day, midnight, and period of digestion. Which element predominates also affects properties and mood. Each type was recognized. For example, 5 forms of air, 5 of mucus, 5 bile. It should be noted that many authors regarded blood as the fourth vital element, as blood is of particular importance, as is the Greek theory of humorism. Here, it should be stated that the teachings of the four animated elements are in the teachings of the Buddha.
[# Bold from here]
Health is an expression that the basic substances have a normal composition and a normal quantitative relationship. If these and the basic composition change and abnormally increase or decrease, the disease will occur.
In the classification of illnesses, a large number of illnesses were described and the teachings about basic substances and major ingredients were expressed. But it's not perfect. It is partly religious and creative, and partly empirical, playing a role as a principle as the basis of classification. For example, there is an aetiology consideration. (Natural causes of illness, such as life and nutritional deficiencies, climate and weather, mental disorders, inheritance, poisoning, illness outbreaks and supernatural effects, wrath of God or devil, and "karma", this is India According to the doctrine of reincarnation, it is due to the mistake of the previous life.) It is also due to the place of illness (internal, external, local, whole body, body, spirit.) Healing (curing, lightening, not healing) However The vulnerable part of the foundation is always one or several of air, mucus, bile, blood, or other elements and basic substances, which form many serious or mild illnesses.
[# End in bold here]
According to Sushruta, there are 1,120 illnesses, and according to Charaka, there are countless. The latter lists 80 wind illnesses, 40 bile illnesses, and 20 mucous illnesses (but the numbers are not perfect, because there are illnesses by chance or external reasons). He is the main group. We have distinguished three illnesses: nature, spirit, and devil.
Sushruta divided illnesses into "physical" illnesses due to disabilities, mental illnesses, and "natural illnesses" (old age, hunger, even by birth). Vagbata is divided into "natural" and mental and demonic illnesses. In the former, elemental defects are basic, and in the latter, they are secondary causes. The specific elements affected can be known from the symptoms. In addition to those already mentioned, Sushruta is divided into seven categories. 1. 1. genetically. 2. 2. Born. 3. 3. Due to major elements. 4. Due to a disability. 5. Due to the influence of the weather. 6. Due to the influence of the devil or infectious contact. 7. Due to hunger, old age, etc.
A certain illness is due to karma. For example, killing Brahmin causes anemia, adulterers gonorrhea, arsonists erysipelas, spies lose their eyes, and elephantiasis becomes less chaste. Such patients perform sin-destroying rituals and atonements. When a serious illness is caused by a mild cause, it is necessary to investigate the relationship between karma and the body fluid of the illness.
From a medical point of view, this mysticism would draw the recognition that ordinary pathogens often fail to explain the disease. The plague was thought to begin with droughts, floods, star effects, eruptions, or divine punishment.
[# Bold from here]
The diagnosis of illness was limited within the realm of scientific dogmatism, but was based on the facts of the senses that were carefully gathered.
Indian doctors have pushed inspection, palpation, and auscultation, as well as taste and smell, into medical services. With the eyes, I felt weight gain and loss, the condition of the skin, tongue, excrement, and the shape and size of the swelling. I paid attention to changes in voice with my ears, breathing sounds, joint noises, crunching sounds of broken bones, and rumbling of the intestines. By touch, I felt temperature, smoothness and roughness, and skin hardness and softness. The taste provided information about the condition of the urine (sweetness during diabetes) and the odor provided the nature of exhalation.
All of these test methods assisted with a history (anamnesis) obtained by carefully asking about family history, habits, course of illness, and patient's subjective symptoms.
[# End in bold here]
In later works, the diagnosis became more subtle and more dogmatic. For example, the condition of the eyes, tongue and urine has led to widespread speculative results on pathogenicity and locus of illness. Perhaps foreign influences, more recent Indian medicine has put a great deal of emphasis on pulse testing. The pulse was touched by the left hand in women and the right hand in men. The doctor placed the middle three fingers of his right hand over the artery, paying attention to compressibility, speed, rhythm and volume. Diseases caused by air show a slow pulse. Like a snake or a leech. Jumping pulses like frogs, crows or quails indicate that bile is predominant. Those that slowly encounter the finger, such as peacocks, swans, or pigeons, point to mucus.
Characteristic pulse is described in most illnesses.
[# Bold from here]
Prognosis (prognosis) is the most fully developed, which historically argues that prediction has a link between the priestly cult and the medical outlook. It proves without room. Thus, the Indian Gnosticism, on the one hand, shows great perception and observing power, and on the other hand, it literally shows abundant, primitive, superstitious facts.
In this connection, their belief in dreams and the sinister effects of purely accidental events when visiting patients before will be shown.
Medical policy promptly clarifies the general course of the illness and whether the illness will cure or not, requires refraining from treatment if it does not cure, and whether treatment is good or bad in relation to the nature of the patient. Requested to clarify. (For example, if it is the only successful method in a bold way, it is not suitable for politicians, old people, children, women. If you do not follow the doctor's instructions due to greed, poverty, or ignorance, the doctor's activities will be It is useless and healing is impossible.)
The most important thing before treatment is to get information about the patient's vital power. Longevity is a sign of some kind, such as hands, feet, teeth, forehead, ears, shoulders, big nipples, deep navel, etc. Short fingers and long genitals were thought to indicate short life.
Indian authors have detailed the symptoms of death precursors and prognosis. Both general and specific complaints. Accidental events or psychological changes in the patient are considered meaningful in this regard, such as delusions, clouding of consciousness, insomnia, or deep sleep, anesthesia or sudden paralysis, sudden hypothermia, sweating, veins. Conspicuous, dyspnea, difficulty exercising, dry tongue, etc.
[# End in bold here]
The messenger who came to call the doctor was clean and dressed in a white coat, had the same caste as the patient, and was considered to be a good omen if he was in a carriage pulled by a cow. If the messenger is a high caste, castrated boy or woman, he himself is sick, sad, scared, running, dressed dirty, riding a donkey or buffalo, midnight or true Comes in the daytime, at the time of the lunar eclipse, when the doctor is sleeping, when he sleeps naked on the ground, etc. were bad precursors. A good omen is to happen to meet a girl, a lactating woman, two brahmins, and a running horse on the road. The bad ones were snakes, oil, enemies, the first man, and so on.
Examples of prognosis for individual diseases are as follows. Diabetes was considered fatal with dangerous ulcers. "Hemorrhoids" were considered fatal if they had swelling in the mouth, feet, testicles, navel, anus, frequent blood loss, dehydration, loss of appetite, swelling, and fever.
Dangerous diseases with poor prognosis are ascites, Hansen's disease, gonorrhoids, hemorrhoids, fistulas, childhood abnormalities, stone disease and tetanus.
[# Bold from here]
In the treatment of illness, hygiene and diet were at least as important as drugs and more stringent therapeutic methods.
[# End in bold here]
Under the influence of religion, which orders the entire course of life to the smallest detail by social and hygienic rules, Indians are more enthusiastic about personal cleanliness in the practice of health than all other peoples. And it is natural to think about suitable foods. Religion and medicine fully agree on hygiene, as seen in the consensus of policy. The exception is that the consumption of meat and alcohol, which is prohibited by religion, is not the case for medical authors.
The instructions are as follows.
[# Indent 2 characters from here, indent and indent 3 characters]
A. Daily bathing, stool habits, new bitter and astringent tasting branches from certain trees, brushing teeth, sharpening tongue, pouring mouth, washing face, applying ointment to eyes, perfume oil on body Grease, oil the head, ears, and heels of the feet, care for the mouth (with kinma leaves, cypress, cardamon, and other leaves), and care for the hair, whiskers, and nails. (Cut your nails every 5 days.)
B. Diet and nutrition. Meals twice a day between 9am and 12am, and between 7pm and 10pm. Preliminary appetite-promoting salt and ginger, instructions on dietary ingredients, sitting at meals, order of serving dishes, suitable beverages at meals (water at the beginning of meals should be diluted with delayed digestion and eaten After a rich drink is practically), careful care of the mouth after a meal, a short walk. The most important foods are various grains, especially rice, fruits, vegetables, nuts, ginger, garlic, salt, water (rainwater is best), milk, oil, butter, honey and sugar cane. The best meat is hunting animals, such as birds and buffalo. Not so much are pigs, cows and fish. The amount of food is regulated by digestive capacity.
C. Exercise and rest, massage, bathing and clothing, gymnasium, sleep (after strenuous exercise during the day, up to 1 hour before sunrise at night). Hot and cold baths (Gandhi river is the most holy), daily baths (possibly harmful after meals, chills, cold fever, diarrhea, harmful for eye or ear diseases), hot or hot water is good only for the lower body Harmful to the upper body, seawater and medical springs. Clothes must be clean, dirty clothes cause skin diseases. It is advisable to carry a cane and wear a hat and shoes. It is advisable to wear medals, decorations and jewelry. This is because it strengthens the vitality and avoids bad souls.
D. Coordination of sexual intercourse (should then be milked) Articles on the 8th, 14th, 15th, and morning of the month.
E. Preventive method. The vomiting agent is used once a week, the laxative is used once a month, and a venous cutdown is performed once a year. Dietary regulation naturally varies from season to season and pays considerable attention to climatic conditions.
[# End of indentation here]
[# Bold from here]
Nutritional and digestive regulation should always precede more direct treatments. Of these, food intake and food removal have a considerable role. Topical applications (bath, ointment application, ointment, poultice, steaming, inhalation, gargling, squeezing, enema, suppository, urethral and vaginal injection, blood loss, etc.) are very common. There are the most important methods under the name of "five treatments": vomiting agents, laxatives, enemas, oil enemas, and sneezing agents, which are preceded by fat treatments and sweating agents. The application of therapy is numerous and detailed.
[# End in bold here]
The patient pushes a castor bean branch into his throat while the servant is supporting his head and armpits to help vomiting. It was the doctor's job to find out what was vomiting.
The device for enema uses an enema bag (a bag made of animal bladder or leather) and a pointed metal, horn or ivory tube. Accidents often occur when using this.
Nasal drops, which seemed to be particularly suitable for head and throat illnesses, were used to clarify and strengthen the head. I put medicine or medical oil in my nostrils or inhaled one drop at a time.
Fat and oil were used externally or internally, either alone or additionally. Sneezes used were sneeze dung or sand heated in a cloth or in a steam bath. (In a barrel, in a hot room, with a perforated stove, lay it on a heated stone plate or bury a jar with medicine and red-hot stones under the patient's bed. Place it near the
The following method was used for inhalation. Powder the medicine, knead it into a paste, and spread it around the hollow stem. When the paste dries, the stems are pulled out and the resulting paste tube is placed in a metal or wood or ivory tube, standing on one end and placing the other in front of the nose or mouth.
For phlebotomy, leech, cupping, random cut, or venous cutdown was performed. Details of instructions for the preservation and use of leeches are given. Cupping horns were used, and a piece of cloth was tied to the tip. Or an empty flask-shaped gourd was attached, and a burning lamp core was placed inside. Venous cutdown was performed with a lancet, and very cautious application and anti-application, as well as how to touch the incision site were described. (Depending on the illness, forehead, nose, eye excess, ears, chest, etc.) The patient was pre-oiled and during the surgery the servant supported the patient with a cloth wrapped around the neck.
[# Bold from here]
The Pharmacopoeia is rich in response to the fruitful nature of the Indian continent, stamping Indian medicine with a completely unique nature, and eloquently speaking of its originality is one of many medicinal plants in Europe. There is nothing. Most of the therapeutic substances are of plant origin. Charaka knew 500 plants and Sushruta knew 760 therapeutic plants (roots, bark, juice, resin, stems, fruits, flowers, ash, oil, thorns, leaves, etc.) However, at least not a few animal materials, and more surprisingly mineral materials, were also used. Indians used mineral chemicals not only for external use but also for internal use, and it was the mineral chemicals that greatly improved their efficiency.
[# End in bold here]
Many medicinal plants from India came to the West. For example, kansho (sweet pine), cinnamon, pepper, sesame, cardamom, sucrose, etc. For animal substances, blood (as a tonic), bile, milk (humans, cows, elephants, camels, sheep, horses), butter (favorite constituents), whey, honey, fat, bone marrow, meat, skin, Semen, bones (goat bones as plaster), teeth, tendons, horns, claws, claws (smoke against malaria), hair (burns for skin wounds), bile stones (of cows), urine (of mews), Feces (meat feces for inflammation, elephant feces for Hansen's disease). It was minerals that had a good reputation. (Metal, of which gold, copper sulphate, iron sulphate, lead oxide, lead sulphate, lead oxide, sulfur, arsenous acid, borosand, alum, potassium carbonate, salt, ammon chloride, precious stone, etc.). Amazing chemical capabilities were needed to make mineral materials. Gold is beaten into gold leaf, heated 7 times and sprinkled with various liquids. When oxidized, it was recommended as a tonic, aphrodisiac, and a silver bullet for life. Other metals were treated in the same way.
Mercury was only mentioned several times in old literature, and before the Mahomed era, the metallurgical process required for therapeutic use was unknown. But later it became the most popular treatment (skin disease, fever, nerve or lung disease, syphilis or to prolong life). He became the "King of Metals" and was told by saying. "The doctor who understands the healing power of roots and herbs is human. It is the demon who understands water and fire. It is the prophet who understands the ability of prayer. The ability of mercury. It is God who understands. "As Indians became able to do more in the field of chemical technology, drug trade became more active and more numerous. Known to soothe plants and extract juices, extract, decoction, mix honey (boil the ingredients and concentrate with oil, butter, honey, etc.), mixture, syrup, tablets, pastes, suppositories, Powders, drops, eye drops, plasters, smokers, etc.
The amount of these medicines was measured by the natural weight (rosary pea).
Most prescriptions were highly complex and were adorned with names such as "melted butter Ambrosia (Greek mythological food)" and "Ashvins Lemon Tablets".
Doctors were expected to search for medicines themselves and were supposed to seek advice from shepherds, hermits and hunters. They carried some kind of travel or private drug bag. Sushruta gives instructions on the seasons and methods of harvesting plants and where to prepare medicines that can be protected from smoke, rain, wind and moisture.
[# Bold from here]
Drugs were classified by action according to the disease for which they were effective (eg, vomiting, laxatives, laxatives, sedatives, tonics, aphrodisiacs, etc.)
In this way, Charaka had 50 groups. Other grounds for the subdivision are elemental composition, taste (sweetness, acidity, saltiness, sharpness, bitterness, astringency), variability (in the digestive process), properties, heating or cooling, softness, easiness to dry, washing. Gender, smoothing, etc.
The fact that cosmetics (especially hair dyes), life wonders (increasing power and personal beauty), aphrodisiacs, poisons and antidotes (also common antidotes) occupy an important position in Indian civilization Bright light has come to be cast.
[# End in bold here]
Considering the absence of children as one of the greatest misfortunes, in lands where impotence causes heritage loss, aphrodisiacs are naturally large in addition to diet and suggestive methods (songs, music, flowers). I was demanded to. The literature often mentioned them. Regarding what consists of sesame, beans and sugar, Sushruta says: “Vir hac pulte comesa centum mulieres inire potest.” More important places were occupied by toxicants and antidotes. Doctors should have known exactly how often poisoning was done. There is no doubt that Indian doctors were famous for their treatment when they were bitten by a snake. In particular, the court doctor was tasked with protecting the king from poisoning, which was why it was his task to monitor the kitchen. Animal testing (eg with various birds, monkeys, flies, etc.) Determines whether a dish is toxic or harmless. The poisoner was able to know by speaking and attitude.
The literature contains details of poisoning symptoms when bitten by plants, minerals and animals (snakes, tigers, monkeys, mad dogs, mice, mice, fish, lizards, centipedes, flies, spiders, etc.). Also in addictive, mild or severe cases and stages. Attention was paid and rational methods were used in the treatment, but witchcraft, prayer, and music (eg, cold water, sneezing, cupping, exsanguination, austerity of the upper part of the limb wound, bladder-protected lips wound. Sneezing, extraction, cauterization). Commonly used antivenoms were nymphaea odorata, brassica latifolia, aconitum ferox. At the same time, as special composite agents, a mixture of five kinds of salts, long pepper, black pepper, ginger, and honey were used for internal use or as snuff.
The nature of an Indian "poisonous woman" who loses her life when she has sexual intercourse is unknown.
[# Bold from here]
Many drugs collected by empiricism have been used more and more for multi-drug administration. It was believed that there were many independent illnesses. For example, 26 types of fever were listed. (7 of these are in the category of malaria fever, 7 due to one (body fluid?) Disturbance, 13 due to some disturbances in the basic fluid, 1 due to other disorders or external causes. (Belonging) Abdominal swelling is due to 13 types, 20 types of malaria, and 20 types of urinary diseases. The final one was diabetes. This was first described by the Indians, who noticed that the sweet urine was hungry for flies. 4 types of painful urination. 8 types of jaundice. Anemia (treated with iron). 5 types each of cough, asthma and sneezing. Eighteen types of "leprosy" (which included a wide range of skin diseases under this name). 6 types of abscess, 4-7 types of impotence. Five types of anal fistulas. 15 types of ulcers. 76 eye diseases. 28 ear diseases. 65 oral diseases. 31 diseases of the nose. 18 types of pharyngeal diseases. Many other mental illnesses.
It is important to keep in mind that each so-called illness is an ambiguous symptom group itself, and if it is slightly different from the expected type, it will be divided into many new categories and reappear. However, among the many named illnesses, in some places, in addition to the pathogenicity and symptomatology observed with great care, as well as the basic principles, starting with doctrinaire. There are anatomical considerations.
For example, some types of abdominal swelling are called "spleen-abdomen". This is because it grows larger and the spleen hangs down. ("It is stiff like a stone, round like the back of a turtle and fills the left side of the abdomen.") A similar symptom on the right side is described as "liver-swelling".
The natural result of such localized pathological concepts was the localized treatment method.
The accuracy of the observation is shown in the various configurations of stool and urine, dizziness, skin diseases, sexual illnesses, stroke, epilepsy, migraines, tetanus, rheumatism, psychiatric disorders, etc. Cholera is prescribed an antiemetic, warming and cauterizing, followed by astringents and agi, or opium with white pepper. Smallpox was undoubtedly indicated by Sushruta, but was later accurately described. The sect of the goddess of smallpox and the "smallpox sisters" were also later. There is no mention in the old literature that smallpox was inoculated.
[# End in bold here]
Fever was placed at the level of the most important first phenomenon and the most diverse causes were pursued. First, the patient is instructed to eat a strict diet (dilute porridge, warm water) or fast. Of particular fear was a fever with disturbances in all three elements, which was dangerous on days 7, 10, and 12 and could end or cause death.
As various forms of malaria, it was thought that daily fever is related to muscle, 3-day fever is related to fat, and 4-day fever is related to bone marrow and bone. The seven constituents of the body were associated with many different fever. The heat in semen is lethal.
Similar to other illnesses, fever has various stages (immature, ripe, ripe) depending on whether a certain symptom is strong or not.
Under the title of "Mushi", nematodes and tapeworms are often included. However, in many cases it was thought to be the cause of the illness and was imagined. Indians, like Babylonians and Egyptians, considered "worms" to be the cause of many illnesses and believed that there were bugs in the eyes, teeth, ears, head, heart, and more. Any doctor who wants to be famous for patients suffering from dizziness and suffering from 6 symptoms: cough, diarrhea, side pain, writhing, loss of appetite, fever, or 3 symptoms of fever, cough, bleeding. , Do not treat.
"Leprosy" is due to the frequent consumption of fish and milk, among other causes.
In Indian writings since the 16th century, syphilis was always described as "Frankish illness", and three types were described: external, internal, and mixed. Treatment was with mercury, for internal use as tablets with flour, by fumigation, by rubbing-and thus using salsa root beverages.
Part of the treatment for the mentally ill was physically and partly psychologically. Sometimes it was fun to talk to the patient and cheer him up, but in many cases the barbaric method was used. (Starvation, burns, whipping, confinement in a dark room, astonishing with snakes, lions, elephants, threatening with death, etc.). He concluded that the more severe form of mental illness was obsessed and that many demons were caught depending on the patient's behavior.
[# Bold from here]
Surgery is the pinnacle of Indian medicine and is considered the ultimate refugees, but it requires superior skills and is essentially far from the theory. Indian doctors, who were generally already good at care and cleanliness, were of particular value in surgery and were long out of reach of other peoples in many areas.
[# End in bold here]
Surgery is in 8 categories. That is, excision (tumor, foreign body), incision (abscess), incision (inflammation of the throat), perforation (water aneurysm, ascites), probe (fistula), extraction (foreign body), squeezing (abscess), sewing (flax, flax) Linen, tendons, hair fibers,).
According to Sushruta, surgical tools consist of 101 blunt instruments and 20 sharp instruments. The former includes various tweezers, tweezers, hooks, tubes, sondes, catheters, boogies, and various accessories such as magnets (for removing foreign objects), cupping horns, enema bags, and so on. "But the most important help is the hand, because without it no surgery can be performed." Sharp instruments include knives, scalpels, lancets, saws, scissors, trocars, etc.
The utensils are made of steel, and Indians have known for a long time to make them and put them in wooden boxes.
Cauterization (especially with potassium) and burning (actual cauterizers and boiling liquids of various forms) were preferred over cutting. “Burning is more effective than cauterization, because it cures illnesses that cannot be cured by medicines, devices and cautery substances, and illnesses that are treated by burning are irreversible.” Spleen enlargement reddened into the parenchyma of the spleen. Insert the needle.
There were 14 types of bandages, which were named according to their structure. The materials used were cotton, wool, silk and linen. The splint was made of bark, bamboo and other pieces of wood.
Hemostasis was performed with herbs, cold treatment, compression, and hot oil. Some wounds were sutured (head, face, trachea). Surgery was performed in the auspicious constellation, beginning and ending with religious rituals. The surgeon had to head west and the patient had to head east. Anesthesia was performed by drunkenness.
[# Bold from here]
Surgical treatment was based on a wealth of experience in bold surgery, accurate diagnosis, and particularly thoughtful post-treatment. Fracture treatment (noticing a crisp sound among the signs), dislocation, tumor (excision), fistula (cutting or cauterization), foreign body removal (15 methods), puncture in case of edema, etc. are all rational It was based on good thinking and solid knowledge. But the most surprising of the Indian surgeon's actions are in the areas of laparotomy, stone amputation, and plastic surgery.
[# End in bold here]
The suture of the intestinal tract was described as follows. To perform the surgery, the surgeon cleans the injured part of the intestinal tract and bites the camponotus japonicus. Then remove the ant's body and leave its head embedded. (Refer to the chapter on Primitive Medicine.)
Bladder stones are removed by lateral incision. “The stone is placed under the navel, and the doctor inserts the index and middle fingers of the left hand with a well-cut nail into the patient's rectum until he feels the stone. He brings it (stone) between the anus and the urinary tract and it. Push until it pops out like a knot. Then use a knife to cut the left side about the width of the wheat seed and, depending on the size of the stone, the right side. "
The main opportunity for plastic surgery is related to the fact that cutting off the nose and ears was a prevalent legal fine. According to Sushruta's writing about plastic surgery, "When someone's nose is cut off, the surgeon takes a leaf of the same size from the tree and puts it on the cheek to cut a piece of skin and a muscle of the same size. The cheeks are sewn with needles and threads, the nose stump is chopped, the cheek slices are quickly and carefully placed on it, the appropriate bandages are applied and the new nose is sewn to secure him. Carefully insert to facilitate breathing, and when lifted, he sprinkles oil, carefully puts cotton and often sprinkles sesame oil, sprinkling red cheekdan and other hemostatic powders on top.
[# Bold from here]
For eye surgery, the treatment was still quite realistic here. Although the crystalline lens was considered the locus of vision, Sushruta's account of cataract surgery leaves many demands on transparency.
Among the obstetric techniques, postmortem caesarean section and fetal amputation were performed. Complex fetal rotation was unknown. Pregnant women's dietary policies, maternity and newborn care, should be recorded.
[# End in bold here]
The idea about the foetation is the product of semen and menstrual blood, both of which originate from chyle. Differentiation of various parts of the body, legs, arms, and head, begins in March. In April, clear development of body parts and heart continues. Muscle and blood are added to the moon viewing. In the 6th month, hair, nails, bones, tendons and veins develop, and in the 7th month the foetation has everything it needs to survive. In August, vital force is drawn from the mother to the child. Due to this back-and-forth movement, children born this month cannot survive. The hard part of the body comes from the father and the soft part comes from the mother. Nutrients are carried by the vessels that guide the chyle from the mother to the foetation. During pregnancy, the foetation occupies the uterus, facing the mother's back, the head facing up, the hands combined over the frontal region, lying on the mother's right side for men, and on the left side for women. There is. Rotation occurs before it is born.
The uterus is in the shape of a fish's mouth
The most desirable time for pregnancy is 12 nights after the onset of menstruation. The sex of the child depends on the predominance of semen and menstrual blood, and the strength of the latter increases on odd days, so the child is male if the pregnancy is even days after menstruation and female if the pregnancy is after odd days. On average, careful diet was directed during the October gestation period, and fear was to be avoided in particular. On the 9th day, the pregnant woman was supposed to perform a religious ceremony and go to a well-equipped childbirth house. Four women helped with childbirth when there were various religious and suggestive jobs to promote childbirth. Delayed placental drainage was overcome by external pressure, shaking, and antiemetics. The maternity woman gets up on the 10th day, but the 6 habits had to follow a strict diet. The child is breastfed on the third day. (Until then, you will be given honey and butter.) If the nurse (nanny) takes the place of the mother, the doctor will first carefully examine her and make her adhere to the most practical dietary rules. Breastfeeding precautions (eg, nutrition, lying down, sitting, sleeping, playing) are determined in great detail, and demon exorcism, which is especially dangerous to children, is the main habit. Weaning occurs in June and begins feeding rice.
The treatment of dystocia was not as advanced as in other medicines, and the magical process played a role here as well. The contracted pelvis was unknown, as was the breech birth. Incomplete foot and buttocks pulled out other feet. Gynecology was similarly incomplete.
[# Bold from here]
Indian medicine had an imposing wealth of empirical knowledge and technical conduct. It had reached the height of a school of systematic and theoretical thought, but lacked the freedom of work of the individual, which is essential for the pursuit of true science. It lacks the potential for unbiased judgment and criticism, and even theories it respects do not stay there for a short period of time. The fate of shortening evolutionary processes and leading to academic rigidity has its roots in unusual oppressive cultural conditions. There was no new era of Akebono in this Middle Ages. As in the long silent past, the Indian Medical Hall of Fame remains isolated and unchanging today from the ever-changing evolutionary stream. As in their mathematics, parables and stories, philosophical and religious thinking, their medicine found a way east to west along the commercial path.
Although not always common, you can see the relationship between Indian medicine and its happier sister, Greece. Through the mediation of the Arabs, many of the Indian discoveries have been carried west, and Asia has been influenced by the Indians, influenced by the development of Buddhism, and is more or less thanks to Indian medical knowledge.
[# End in bold here]
It is written in the literature that Greek medicine used various Indian medicines and methods. The two civilizations first became intimate with the advance of Alexander, and continued unbroken during the reign of Diadochi (the successor to Alexander) and the Roman and Byzantine eras. Alexandria, Syria and Persia were the main centers of mutual communication. Indian doctors, treatment techniques and methods were often described by Greco-Roman and Byzantine authors, as well as many previously unknown local diseases in India. Even under the reign of the Abbasid Caliphates (early Islamic leaders), Indian doctors are still famous in Persia, Indian medicine is grafted on Arabian medicine, and this effect will increase even if Arabia conquers India. There wasn't. The Indian influence was felt new in the West, pretending to be Arabian medicine. The apparently independent nasal cosmetic surgery that took place in Sicily in the 15th century shows the long-standing influence of India and Arabia before that. Cosmetic surgery in the 19th century was promoted by the example of India. The first example was news from India, where a man in a brickcaste took the skin on his forehead and replaced it with a natural nose.
It can be said that India is at least indirectly contributing to the spread of hypnosis. This is because the empirical practice of suggestions is more developed than elsewhere. To name just one fact, in Calcutta, British surgeons used hypnosis as anesthesia to perform numerous surgeries without accidents.
[# Bold from here]
Care for the sick gained strong momentum after working as a Buddhist. Buddhists promoted therapeutic techniques from humane impulses rather than scientific and spread Indian methods abroad under the banner of religious propaganda (hospitals and organizations for medical and drug manufacturing).
The oldest colony was Ceylon Island. The most prominent impact was on Tibetan medicine, as was on the Indonesian Islands (Java), and even the Indian subcontinent (Cambodia, Burma) and China were not unaffected.
[# End in bold here]
[#New Page]
[# 3 indentation] Chinese and Japanese medicine [# "Chinese and Japanese medicine" is a subheading]
[# Bold from here]
Chinese medicine still shows the same image as it was thousands of years ago, regardless of any recorded external influence. This is a rare example of fossilization of time. Traditional Chinese medicine corresponds to the main features of ancient medicine apart from the current trend of progress and development, and the observation of the reality of Chinese medicine can fill the gaps that arise in the composition of ancient Orient medicine.
A unique civilization that developed in harmony with national character and emerged from unique geographical and historical conditions gives Chinese medicine the same characteristics found in all other sectors of Chinese knowledge life. These are the privileges associated with blind pride, the irrational beliefs of authority and exaggerated awe of the past, childish scholarship and subtle formalism, and the inevitable consequences of intellectual stagnation. Lead to. These are associated with the mysterious fusion of the greatest intellectual barrenness and eccentric fantasies, and with the mysterious fusion of practical observations and clear insights and inability to correctly understand a high degree of abstraction.
[# End in bold here]
Considering that as a nation, the Chinese did not have any of the advantages that Mesopotamia, Egypt, Aryan (India) and the Europeans based on them had, their civilization is very noteworthy. The advantage is constant international transport, constant stimulation and sophistication through new ideas and differentiation in many directions. The beginnings of morality and civilization must have undoubtedly been brought by Chinese from the West in prehistoric times, if the hypothesis that Chinese had the same ancestry as Arrian and Sumerian was correct. Once settled in a very large empire, the Chinese were isolated from the civilization of the time in West Asia and were only associated with the low-developed nations, a mixture of Chinese and history.
The medical literature was remarkably abundant. The series of pioneering work is undoubtedly ancient, if not as much as they claim. Great diligence and fine agility are characteristic of most medical literature, but originality can only be seen by the 10th century. After this period, the authors are happy as critical editors and commentators. A large number of books deal with medicine in general, with historical perspectives as an introduction, and in most spaces, some deal with pulse conditions in various illnesses and others deal with treatments. Other special writings include, for example, about the pulse, or about certain illness groups (about women, about children, etc.).
Some authors write it in the form of poetry to give the subject a light touch.
[# Bold from here]
The sacred organization of medical learning built by the Chinese is an example of a rigorously self-sufficient closed system, harmonious with empirical scholarship and a rigid way of thinking without all internal contradictions. It is combined with the whole.
It is a formalistic wonder and a true scientific caricature. Scholarship is not an objective truth of the content, but has the origin of the premise in the dominant cosmology, thus beyond all criticism, guaranteeing a long-lasting evaluation, and unquestionable principles. It even has significance. In the light of the Western concept, the flowers of this scientific romance wither rapidly, fearing that much of their color will be lost, even in an unbiased historical analysis.
The main idea of ​​this scheme is drawn from the magnificent and majestic Chinese natural philosophy, which for centuries has linked the omniscient life of this nation and enslaved empirical research. Walk the speculation system that was struck by the invalid throne. The powerful human body is a reflection of natural phenomena in the universe down to the smallest detail, and there are numerous similarities between macrocosm and microcosm, between the various components of the body itself, and their interactions. It could be summarized in the statement to explain that it has cross-cutting and vice versa effects. Under the enslavement of this idea, and with the conviction that these similar discoveries further advance the understanding of the life processes of normal and pathological states, in all cases medical thinkers speculate on these mysterious associations. Looking only at the end points in the study that were worth the effort, empiricism fell into the work of supporting these barren doctrines to the extent possible and did not correct them.
Under these conditions, it is above all impossible for this special field of science, anatomy, to advance, which requires free and unbiased research to develop. Aside from the fact that human anatomy was forbidden from a religious point of view, could anatomy flourish if each step was shackled by speculative prejudice? Anatomy is not a correction method, but a pillar of a hypothetical premise, and is nothing more than a caricature. This is, in fact, a Chinese education on human anatomy, a magic lantern that only contains some prominent facts that happened to be obtained.
[# End in bold here]
According to religious beliefs, anyone who amputates his limbs and enters the realm of death cannot resume with his ancestors. Therefore, even a part of the body removed by surgery is placed in the grave after death. Postmortem pathological autopsy contradicts devotion and injures the corpse, making it unsuitable for living things. In rare cases, autopsy of the sinner was allowed as an exception. Observations of such rare violations of religious bans in ancient times, or executed sinners or severe injuries, would have been a source of superficial knowledge of the shape and location of organs. Osteology would have been advantageous as the rest of the dead were carefully preserved. It seems that the animals were not dissected for comparison.
Chinese anatomical descriptions are often difficult to interpret due to their exaggerated terminology. They were primarily concerned with the organs and circulatory system, as it was only the actual purpose of medicine. The anatomical chart that accompanies the paperwork would have been useful if it had not been naturally false due to the sloppy design.
Chinese people draw each of the arms, legs, and pelvis as one bone. It seems that he did not have accurate knowledge about muscles, nervous system, and sensory organs. There is a surprising statement that the brain occupies only a small part of the skull. The spinal cord was thought to end in the testicles. The larynx was said to be open in the heart, compared to water lilies. The heart had seven openings and was supposed to consist of three parts. The lungs are in the third spine, consisting of eight lobes and 80 small holes. The liver has seven lobes, located in the ninth spine. The gallbladder is like a liquor bag. The spleen is in the 11th spine. There are 16 rotations in the small and large intestines. The broad bean-shaped kidney relies on the 14th spine. In addition to the above organs, a bladder with a stomach and urethra must be added, and Chinese anatomy shows hollow organs, which are divided into three parts, without which the organs perform their function. Can't. This is known as Santsiao and may be the peritoneum or pleura. The vasculature route was quite fantasy.
The attempt by Emperor Kangxi (1662-1723) to translate the anatomy of Pierre Dionis into the Jesuit monk P. Perenin and introduce Western anatomy was frustrated by the opposition of Chinese doctors. Reproductions of European anatomical charts were made in China after the 19th century, but could not give any deep impression to the dominant view.
Regarding embryology, the following beliefs were common. In the first month, the foetation looks like a drop of water. The second month is peach leaves. Sex differentiates in the third month. In the 4th month, the foetation becomes human. Bones and joints differentiate in May. Hair in the 6th month. If it was a boy, his right hand would move to his mother's left side at the end of July. If it is a girl, her left hand will move to the right side of her mother's body at the end of August. At the end of the 9th month, three changes in the position of the foetation will be exposed from the outside. The outbreak will be completed at the end of October. The gestational trachea is 270 days. The sex of the fetal can be determined by the mother's pulse. If the right side becomes stronger, it means a boy, and if it is on the left side, it means a girl.
Boys grow on the left side of the uterus, and girls grow on the right side.
[# Bold from here]
Physiology is, of course, one field of general natural philosophy, and physiology cannot be understood without knowledge of natural philosophy. The same principle holds in the universe as in the human body. The human body is the only manifestation of space life.
The Chinese consider the origin of the universe to be the interaction of two different primitive forces (heterogeneity). Men's Yang and women's Ying. The balance depends on the harmonious activity of the two.
[# End in bold here]
The yang (active, firm principle, primitive warmth, light) is usually represented by the heavens, and the yin (passive, negative principle, original humidity, darkness) is represented by the earth. Steady, opposite, gradually changing male (creative, progressive) power to female (destructive, regressive), a great variety of things happen. Changes in sex, nature, prominent properties and shape are fundamentally the result of whether positive or negative is stronger. The former is powerful in the sun, light, spring and summer, when young, strength, dryness, etc. The latter is strong in the moon, shadow, autumn and winter, old age, weakness, cold, damp, soft.
[# Bold from here]
The substance consists of 5 elements. That is, wood, fire, soil, gold, and water. Everything consists of various proportions of these.
[# End in bold here]
In the place of creation, wood (plant) is born from water, fire (due to friction) is born from wood, soil (ash) is born from fire, and metal is born from soil. Therefore, in the natural path, the succession of changes in things continues in the same direction. From this Chinese natural philosophy, the relationship between different elements is deduced. That is, origin, friendship, and conflict. So fire makes wood a mother (because it comes from wood), earth is its son (ash comes from wood), water is an opponent (extinguishing fire), metal is a friend (metal is what fire) Because it has no effect). Each element has the same relationship, and friendship is always the opposite of conflict.
[# Bold from here]
The five elements are interrelated with five planets (July, Mars, Saturn, Venus, Mercury), five weather (wind, heat, steam, dry, cold), five parts of the world (east, south, meridian,). West, North) Season of the year (in addition to our four seasons, the last 18 days of spring, summer, autumn and winter are considered to be another season), 5 hours a day, 5 colors (Blue-green, red, yellow, white, black), 5 sounds, etc.
As in the universe, the two primitive forces of human beings, yang and yin, are the basic conditions of all processes. The human body is composed of five elements, like substances in general, and these are the main representatives in an organ. Health depended on the equilibrium of the masculine and feminine principles and was based on the appropriate quantitative relationships between the elements. The masculine principle, vibrant warmth, acts primarily on contractile hollow organs, the so-called "rooms" (large intestine, small intestine, bladder, gallbladder, stomach), due to its expanding tendency. The feminine principle, elemental moisture, sits on more solid organs (liver, heart, lungs, spleen, kidneys). Each principle has a reservoir, both of which circulate together with blood and vital air, use them as carriers, and in the vascular system they are carried to various organs, then all parts of the body. Guided to. Impaired circulation is the cause of illness.
[# End in bold here]
The vascular system consists of 12 main veins, 6 of which contain positive elements and 6 of which contain negative elements. These begin partially on the hands and feet and end partially. The twelve veins are completed by two main collecting ducts, one of which goes to the back of the body and contains the positive element, the other runs in front of the body and contains the negative element. The 12 veins have 23 branches, and some other small tubes are described.
It is an interesting fact that Chinese physiology considers the circulation of blood and animation and claims that 50 circulations occur in 24 hours. Blood and animation move 6 inches during breathing.
[# Bold from here]
The five elements represent the five main organs (Harawata) in the human body, so the other five organs (cavities "rooms") have similar functions as assistants (brothers). The liver qualitatively corresponds to wood, the heart to fire, the spleen to the ground, the lungs to metal, and the kidneys to water. The liver has a gallbladder as an aid, and both filter fluid. The heart receives chyle and turns it into blood, and its assistant, the small intestine, feeds chyle. The spleen and stomach digest. The lungs circulate blood and purify it from mucus. Their assistant, the large intestine, excretes coarse and dirty material. The kidneys and ureters are involved in the excretion of urine, which enters the bladder. The right kidney, the "gate of life," has a particular role in producing semen (the seat of power), the liver is the seat of the heart (soul), and the lungs regulate body temperature.
In response to the composition of the body consisting of elements, Chinese physiology links each of the five elements to cosmic or earthly phenomena (constellations, heavenly parts, one year, etc.), as well as odors, colors, and tastes. Five tones were combined. In addition to their main function, each organ affects distant parts of the body (eg, special parts of the face, special tissues) and has an empathic or antipathic relationship with other organs. However, the most prominent property of each organ is the presence of its own type of pulse. These highly tense similarities had very real significance to the Chinese eye. The reason is that individual pathological abnormalities can be known as changes from a system of interrelationships that are considered healthy.
The medical history is given a relatively small value in diagnosis and prognosis determination. These are mainly due to the careful and objective examination of the whole body, which performs all the fine and sophisticated methods introduced from the maze of "communication" theory. But here and there there are some true observations and the results of experience can be found. Chinese doctors also consider temperature and general conditions, the patient's state of mind, sensations of smell and taste, appetite and even dreams. He pays attention to breathing and pronunciation (voice, crying, laughter, sigh, etc.) and examines body temperature (by palpation) and excrement properties (nasal discharge, sputum, urine, and stool volume, color, and viscosity). It was. He focused on the color of a vein and even scrutinized the nature of the hair. In these, consider the harmony or dissonance of signs, along with the effects of the environment, at the time of the year or day, but these are the two most important diagnostic methods: pulse examination and inspection of the face and tongue. It is just an extension of the test results obtained by.
Chinese pulse science is highly complex, there are very detailed ways to implement it, the simplest it takes 10 minutes, and the more difficult one takes hours. Eleven parts that touch the pulse are known, and each has a name. It is the radial artery that normally touches the pulse. The method is to first place the middle finger on the head of the radius, then the index and ring fingers, with the thumb on the back of the wrist in between. The test is done with both hands, and the doctor uses the right hand to test the left hand and the left hand to test the right pulse. The three parts touching on both sides are considered to be three veins and are given the names “Inch,” tsuen, “Narrow way,” konan and “Shoe,” tche. The first is under the ring finger, the second is under the middle finger, and the third is under the index finger. Therefore, six pulses are felt, each associated with one organ, each of which is a normal or pathological condition. Therefore, the “Narrow way,” konan felt on the right side is associated with the stomach and spleen, and the feeling on the left side is associated with the liver and gallbladder. Each pulse is examined 3 times during 9 breaths, first with weak pressure, then with intermediate pressure, and finally with hard pressure, noting their nature, speed, and potential for rest. The list of pulse changes is innumerable.
[# End in bold here]
According to Chinese pathology, each organ has its own unique pulse, as well as the opposite, which varies from season to season, and the pulse is influenced by the constellations, one year or one day, age, They vary according to physique, sex, and under pathological conditions, they react detrimentally to each other. Such a confusing combination is a huge list of different things, fictitious to our eyes, and this knowledge requires a huge amount of memory and an extreme sense of contact. As an example, more than 51 major types give one fact that is the simple basis of the test. Of these, seven "external" veins (the basic principle of the yang), eight "internal" veins (indicating the principle of the yin), nine "paths" (corresponding to the large connecting passages), and lethal evidence. There are 27 pulses that become.
A 4-5 pulse has a normal relationship with a respiratory rate of 1, and a pulse of 3 indicates a morbid state in which the male principle predominates. When it comes to asymmetric veins, one in fifty stagnations is healthy. Stagnation at 40, 30, 20, 10 indicates that the internal organs of 40, 30, 20, 10 are deprived of life, and death is 4 years, 3 years, 2 years, 1 year, Will happen to. Pulse studies are different for different authors, and importantly, even the organs that they believe are associated with the three veins of each arm.
[# Bold from here]
It is believed that the pulse alone is sufficient as a basis for diagnosing the nature and location of the disease. According to my favorite simile, the human body resembles a stringed instrument, with individual parts having a unique pitch color (pulse of the organ), which is a consonant (health) or dissonant (disease). .. Examination of the face and tongue corresponds to pulse in importance, and the highest attention is paid to the feature. 37 differences are known in the appearance of the tongue.
[# End in bold here]
Individual organs correspond to a specific color, which is determined by the abundant elements. In the human body, this color is caused by the air entering the organs. The predominant color in the morbid state indicates the location of the disease. Prognosis depends on the predominant organ veins and the predominant color empathy or antipathy. In the former example (empathy), the prognosis is favorable, but in the latter, it depends on whether the color corresponds to a close organ or a hostile organ. Color inspection is mainly done on the parts of the head and face related to the organ in question. In this way, the place for the heart is the tongue. Here, if the tongue, which should normally be red at the time of heart disease, is black (kidney color), this means that the kidney, which is the enemy of the heart, predominates, and the prognosis is that the heart is destroyed. It shows that it is lethal.
[# Bold from here]
Illness is dissonance, a disturbance of equilibrium due to the predominance of the primitive principles of men or women (strength or weakness, heat or cold, dry or wet). This is indicated by damage to the organs due to impaired vitality or blood circulation.
[# End in bold here]
Chinese pathology considers wind, cold, dry, damp, love, anxiety, poison, illness, and imaginary animals as causes of illness. Classification is made from various perspectives (eg, by pulse), with the most rational classification by internal and external disease, or by body part or organ. Each type corresponds only to a group of symptoms and is merely a collection of superficial descriptions of a wide variety of different processes. So it's not surprising that the Chinese pedantry distinguishes a large number of jumbles, such as type 14 dysentery. However, there are excellent descriptions in the literature, especially regarding infectious diseases.
Therapeutic science, which is the most elaborate field in Chinese medicine, has a considerable amount of constituents in its arrangement. The drug is numerous beyond any other nation. The belief that nature has more cures than all illnesses has prompted all imaginable plants and animals, and fewer minerals to try.
During the busy centuries, even by empiricism, we have collected a large number of useless ones, as well as some truly therapeutic ones, many of which are correctly understood to require further trials. , Such studies can be widely considered to be useful in medicine. There are many medicines that Chinese medicine and European medicine agree with under similar conditions.
Among these are daiou, pomegranate root (for parasites), cypress, trica, cannabis, iron (for anemia), arsenic (for malaria and skin diseases), sulfur (for skin diseases), sodium and copper sulphates. (Vomiting agent), potassium syrup, ammonia salt, and scent.
[# Bold from here]
European medicine owes China to the use of rhubarb introduced by Central Asian trade. Chinese drugstores were only importing expensive asafoetida (Indian spices), nutmeg, cinnamon and pepper.
[# End in bold here]
The most respected of all medicines was ginseng, which was considered a panacea because of its tonic properties and was considered to be three times as expensive as its golden gold. Was there.
[# Bold from here]
Especially preferred were pachyderma cocos, magnolia obovata, mint leaf extract, cinnabar root, tang-kui root (dysmenorrhea), licorice, bear gallbladder, burnt hair, as seen from the prescription. , Realgar, cinnabar, etc. Cinnabar, which acts as a philosopher's stone in Chinese alchemy, is used to produce mercury and treats smoke from cinnabar (a paper roll filled with cinnabar is placed in one nostril to ignite and inhale mercury vapor). Used for. As in Europe, mercury treatment for syphilis has been practiced in China for centuries (red ointment of mercury instead of gray ointment for ointment, sublimation with calcium sulfate for internal use). This was not the only remedy (smilax china china and pearl and pearl shell powder for other oral medications). Many substances are said to have the properties of warming, cooling, improving constitution, and hematopoiesis, with laxatives, vomiting agents, and sputum agents being the most numerous, followed by sweating agents and diuretics. In addition to this, there are many menstrual promoters, emulsions, abortions, and aphrodisiacs in Chinese medicine, the last of which was a remarkably well-known and widely proud main drug.
The most prominent characteristic of Chinese medicine is that it contains a large amount of animal-derived substances. Although a vague groping for the idea that later became organ medicine, mystery is, for example, that drugs made from the liver, lungs, and kidneys of various animals have liver, lung, kidney, disease, or adolescents, respectively. It is the guiding principle of weakened semen and animal nerve tissue, stomach disease in the rooster's crown, impotence in the animal's testicles, and aid in delivery of the placenta. In connection with substances of such nature, completely unpleasant substances (excrement) are found, as seen in European drug books of other countries and past centuries.
Smallpox vaccination, probably obtained from India, will be included in animal-based treatments. It has been practiced in China since at least the 11th century, was discovered by philosophers according to custom, and can be regarded as a precursor to serum therapy. For this purpose, it is placed in the nostrils of the person inoculating cotton cotton soaked with the fresh content of smallpox pustules (left nostrils for boys, right nostrils for girls). Or rub or blow dry pustule powder into the nostrils. By some speculation, inoculation was not given on the 11th or 15th of the month.
The classification of medicines associated with specific organs and diseases is done in great detail according to Chinese natural philosophy, and the consideration of the ingredients, colors, tastes of medicines and the similarities that exist between their efficacy is It plays a particularly important role.
[# End in bold here]
In this way, green substances and sour-tasting chemicals are thought to mainly affect the liver because they are mainly composed of "wood". According to the same principle, red and bitter substances act on the heart, yellow and sweet substances on the spleen, white and sharp substances on the lungs, and black and salty substances on the kidneys.
All strong warming or cooling substances have the characteristics of the male primitive principle "yang", and those with a weak taste and a markedly sour, bitter and sweet taste or salty aroma have the characteristics of "yin". have. The sun predominates in diseases of the upper body, and the chemicals obtained from the upper part of the plant correspond. Diseases of the lower body correspond to chemicals from the roots, where the yin seems to predominate. Finally, the remedy is related to the four seasons. For example, the ones that act on the top resemble spring fertility, and the heavier ones have more water. Those that go down have the power to fall in autumn, etc. In writing the prescription, the following is centuries-old empiricalism, paying attention to the four seasons, the weather, and the patient's gender. Sometimes symbolism is a decisive factor in choosing a drug. Therefore, the red flowers of hibiscus are used as menstrual promoters, and saffron is used for jaundice because of its yellow color. Beans are used for kidney disease because of their shape, and glowworms are used for eye drops.
[# Bold from here]
The number of medicines prescribed to patients is very large. Drugs are often pleasing to the eye and attractive, and their names influence and add to the attractiveness (eg, the three most talented scholars, the powder with five origins).
Many doctors prepare their own medicines, but usually take the prescription (written on red paper) to the pharmacy store. The drugstore has luxurious furniture and is well managed. Prescriptions usually contain a large number of drugs (9 or 10 or less are rare), with additional agents, neutralizers, according to our standards, depending on the effect on the ruler, minister, vassal. .. The number of superstitions is as important as the quantity indication for the ingredients in the prescription. Therefore, the number of supporting substances is often a multiple of 5, and 5 doses are usually given.
[# End in bold here]
There are several drugs for every individual illness, but there are strict rules for choosing which one to choose depending on the cause of the illness. For example, in bronchial catarrh, the following drugs are used as needed for irritation, sedation, and sputum. Celery, ginger, aconite, gentian root, cinnamon, opium, tsuja, bamboo, horse legs, violets, burnt turtle instep, clay tablets, etc. Pig lungs are the focus of attention for chronic bronchitis. Some pneumonia drugs are licorice mixed with ammonia salt. Pulmonary tuberculosis is made from lung material, orange peel made by a complex method, or gelatin made from donkey peel cooked with arak liquor. Depending on the possible cause of heart disease, libido suppressants, small amounts of red lead, clematis extract, celandine roots, and powdered antelope horns may be effective. Smilax china china, bindweed bindweed, laburnum anagyata, etc. are tried to treat edema. Bleeding uses gentian, aconite, ginger, plaster, boras, burnt hair, garlic, powdered rhino horns, and dragon bone (is it fossil bone?). Uterine bleeding is washed with a decoction of nettle. For liver congestion, Chinese treatment recommends bamboo buds and elephant leather, especially porcine liver extract, bovine bile or bear bile treated with Araku liquor in addition to perilla. Also for kidney disease is the porcine kidney.
There is a long list of medicines for stomach disorders. Pepper, khrop, green orange peel, coriander, magnolia obovata, chicken crop, etc. are being evaluated as stomach medicines. Begonia as an antiemetic. As laxatives, plums, tamarind, sodium sulfate, rhubarb, pigeon bile, castor, etc. Gentiana as a hemostatic agent, or brown loess. But ginseng is still the best.
Many mixtures are used in addition to simple medicines, and dietary regimens are never ignored.
Many drugs are recommended for dysentery. Reasonable aloe, daiou, pomegranate root, cinnamon, musk, ginseng, etc., as well as bat excrement, snake skin, etc. Obesity, which is not rare in China, is not treated. Many drugs are supplied for neuropathy, but only a few can be counted. The preferred drug for migraines is peppermint oil, among many for headaches there are male deer brain and bone marrow, for debilitation due to excessive sexual intercourse, male deer horn powder and numerous aphrodisiacs. Epilepsy is treated with silk moth and buckthorn roots. There are various types of lameness, but maple root, strychnine, mercury sulfide, tiger bone, musk, etc. are used. A kind of Yoshikusa root is used for convulsions. The most commonly used rheumatoid arthritis are magnolia, sartry rose, dutchman's pipe, and calcium carbonate, while for malaria, magnolia, cooked turtle head, buffalo cheese, iron peroxide, and potentilla fragario are used.
Many substances are used for the treatment of smallpox and are controlled by strict rules. The previously mentioned intestinal drugs are used for cholera. Diphtheria is infused with induction (ie, artificially causing ecchymosis in the neck) and convergent agents. Laxatives, diuretics, and sweating are used for the plague. Many topical medications, such as sulfur, alum, arsenic, and mercury, have been used to treat the skin (itching is believed to be due to parasites), but oral medications have not been forgotten. For gynecology, Chinese physicians (like all oriental physicians) distinguish a series of menstrual disorders as independent disorders by onset abnormalities, or menstrual blood color, or pathological considerations. Treatment of illnesses in children has received particular attention, and of course speculation, at least 57 illnesses are known. The dosage is determined by the following rule. For adults, 12-25 grams of medicine gives 4-6 grams to 7-year-olds, 6-8 grams to 8-13-year-olds, and 8-12 grams to 13-18-year-olds.
Mysteriously, the most important sign of diagnosis of a child's illness is a change in the color of the veins of the index finger. It is on the left side of the finger for boys and on the right side for girls.
[# Bold from here]
It is a rival medical method, and moxibustion and acupuncture are performed whenever possible. Moxa is a cotton-like, crater-like leaf moxa in the shape of a cylinder or cone, or a wick soaked in sulfur or oil. Put them on the surface of the body with saliva or a metal plate and ignite them. There are detailed rules about where, how many, and how to put them (some strong people can put them up to 50). These have the function of letting out stagnant pathogenic substances. Apply to the back for breast illness, to the shoulders for stomach illness, and to the spine for venereal disease. Moxibustion is also used for prevention. The acupuncture seems to have been discovered by the Chinese, hammering (while the patient coughs) into the stretched skin of a fine hardened steel, silver, or gold needle (5-22 cm long). Knead and screw in further. After pulling out the needle, apply pressure to the place where it is inserted or make a moxa act. The number of needles used, the direction of twisting (right or left), the depth of insertion (usually 3-3.5 cm), and the time to pull out are about the nature of the individual, the severity of the disease, or the disease. It is decided by the Chinese theory of. In this connection, great care should be taken to avoid puncture points and injuries (about nerves). There are 388 places on the body to perform acupuncture, and accurate knowledge of this is a prerequisite for Chinese doctors, who practice with perforated dolls with paper. As the basis of acupuncture, the human body passes through a system of tubes, and acupuncture removes harmful substances, removes obstacles in the circulation of body fluids, and introduces fresh animation. Acupuncture is primarily performed in severe pain or inflammatory conditions, but plays an important role in many different illnesses, especially abdominal illnesses, stones or fractures.
Their preference for moxibustion and acupuncture explains that Chinese doctors who do not like blood rarely exsanguinate. Using a dry, copper cupping container Cupping, unlike phlebotomy, is usually an alternative method and is used for a variety of illnesses. Massage is very skillfully performed primarily by blind or aged women, and it is said that the medical gymnastics known for centuries in China was discovered by the legendary Tschi-sung-tin around 2500 BC. It is a complete system. It consists of rhythmic and systematic inspiration and exhalation in certain parts of the body, abdominal friction, chest and back blows (due to pebbles), precisely planned muscle movements, resistance exercises, etc. ing. Complete healing requires months with diet and is intended to regulate vitality and fluid circulation.
Finally, I have to talk about bathing therapy. This is highly regarded as a method of maintaining health and a suggestive treatment hidden in the illusionary expression of Theurgy.
Due to lack of knowledge of anatomy and national blood aversion, surgery did not rise above the most primitive level. Obstetrics was almost entirely the domain of midwives.
[# End in bold here]
Chinese doctors' surgical instruments were rough and poorly finished, and were more suitable for shoe stores than surgery. Fracture treatment is very inefficient in response to anatomical knowledge. Difficult dislocations are left untouched, and the main treatment is bandages and splints and bandages. Complex fractures are wounded with healing powder after an attempt to reduce and covered with a freshly killed, bone-removed chicken.
Bleeding is controlled with hemostats and bandages. Superficial abscesses are treated with an incision, but it takes time to wait for maturation (dried toads, lead oxide, etc.). The predominant view that the liver is unhealthy in all wounds uses topical as well as topical medications (oral urine in boys in the case of fractures). The ulcer is treated with plaster and the actual cauterization is done during a chronic ulcer. On the one hand, Chinese are less likely to encounter accidents than Europeans because of less large industry, and on the other hand, they are more tolerant of wounds and surgery, especially as seen in complex fractures.
There are two different ways to castrate. One is to massage the genitals in a hot water bath or in some liquid to make them numb. The penis and testicles are wrapped in a wrap and cut under a sword near the mons pubis, and a handful of hemostatic powder is pressed against the wound.
The bleeding was stopped by compression, a nail-shaped plug was inserted into the urethra, the surgeon bandaged and left for 3 days, during which the patient was not allowed to drink anything.
The other description is a bloodless method, which gradually twists and ligates the numb genitals (with silk thread) to cause gangrene. Separation occurs in 15 to 20 days and heals in February. At the age of seven, a Chinese woman's foot binding (deformation of the foot) tightens the bandage and bends the four toes strongly to put the heel in a vertical position.
Dentistry is very late. Irritation bandages, moxibustion, and acupuncture are the main treatments, and the teeth that eventually become loose are removed with a lever. Some surgery (such as puncture of the anterior chamber) and some unusual treatments were performed in ophthalmology. Treatment of refractive error with corrective eyeglasses has been practiced for centuries.
General anesthesia is known to the Chinese and was performed with anesthesia extracts such as aconite. It has long been known to artificially make painless with anesthetic solution, and it is said that Hoatho (Hua Tuo Hua Tuo: 140-208) in the 3rd century performed limb amputation and skull perforation, but it is unreliable.
Lack of knowledge of anatomy and physiology can be clearly seen in obstetrics, often based on conjectures and misconceptions rather than knowing actual methods and procedures in obstetrics. It was.
Doctors were rarely asked for help and were limited to prescribing oral medications (up to convulsions, pain, and correction of the fetal position). Assistance in labor was considered to be some form of oral medication, the composition of which was rational (such as ergot) as well as excrement of bats with urine in the child.
The treatment of dystocia, such as correcting the birth position, returning the escaped hand to the normal position, removing it, removing the dead child with a double iron hook and cutting the fetal, etc., was left to the midwife's hand.
A special diet was recommended for pregnancy (cold and fatty). Pregnant women were sometimes advised to roam the room and rotate their children. This is because, in China's view, it was the last time to take a fixed place. When stronger labor begins, the woman takes a half-folded position and puts a wooden basin down to catch the child. Pregnant women lean in bed for at least 3 days, nourishment consists of millet and heavy water, and do not wash their face or comb themselves for 14 days. Take a glass of urine aged 3 to 4 to produce unhealthy blood. A dry placenta helps fight anemia. On the 4th day, place the moxa on the newborn's umbilical cord or cauterize with horseradish. Breastfeeding continues until the third year. These, and the care of pregnant women and newborns, are carried out by a large amount of instructions from the habitual sacred midwife. Artificial promotion of miscarriage is very common despite legal prohibitions, and many different methods (such as inserting a leech into the cervix) are tried. There is a special book dealing with fetal position correction and infant illness.
[# Bold from here]
The early Chinese literature contains some of the most rational lifestyle policies. For example, the appropriate ratio of work and rest, the appropriate adjustment of food, drink and clothing according to the four seasons. But public health is unknown. The disorder of the streets of the major cities is a good indication of this lack of control.
[# End in bold here]
To Tsohang-Seng (= long-lived, Father Jeswitt d'Embreoolies translated into French), along with others, get up early, have breakfast before leaving home, drink a small amount of tea before meals, cook well at noon Eat a low-salt diet, sleep for two hours after eating slowly, eat a little at night, wash your mouth with tea water before going to bed, and rub your feet to warm your heels.
[# Bold from here]
Chinese forensic medicine is very old and is managed by a public manuscript of 1248 AD, and Europe does not have a similar one, so I cannot be proud of it.
[# End in bold here]
The title of this is Si-yuen-luh (washing record), that is, "collection of methods for washing false charges". This work is characterized by the accuracy of the description, while its dogmatically clear and binding nature leads the judiciary to miscarriage and prevents legal punishment (of false accusations). It consists of five volumes, the first volume is murder, autopsy, abortion, child murder, the second volume is suicide, strangulation, drowning and burning, the third and fourth volumes are signs of poisoning, and the last volume is legal. A general description of the test.
[# Bold from here]
Forensic medicine, like everything in China, is characterized by pedantic, unreasonably emphasizing incidental details, blinded by scholarship, and thereby scholarly seeking the tests actually sought. Make it less important than the sham.
Accurate and practical ideas are mixed with the most dangerous and extraordinary speculation in such a problem. Autopsy is essential for deaths of unknown cause, and coroners' crackdowns are painful and harsh. However, autopsy is not performed and the most important findings are by external observation or ambiguous or bizarre hearing.
[# End in bold here]
The following are some examples. Wounds that are invisible on the body are examined by pouring vinegar over them or under the sun's rays through a piece of oil-saturated silk. The traces of blood removed from the knife are reproduced by heating the knife red and sprinkling vinegar over it. The relationship between the two is proven to allow their blood to flow simultaneously in water. Drip their blood to see the skulls of the children's parents. If blood soaks into the bones, it is evidence of a relationship. When a person hits a hanging rope, the vibration tells him whether he is suicide or murder. To prove that poisoning has occurred, wrap a silver needle through a decoction of mimosa saponaria in paper and place it in the corpse's mouth. If the needle turns black and dark blue and remains as it is after washing, poisoning is proved. The same can be said if the chicken is given the rice in the mouth of the corpse and dies. Signs of whether a corpse found in water was alive when it entered the water are: Very swollen abdomen, hair sticking to the head, bubbles in front of the mouth, stiff hands and feet, white soles, sand under the nails.
[# Bold from here]
The apparent stability of Chinese medicine is undoubtedly because we do not fully understand its evolution. Crystallization of medical theory into an immutable form only occurs after a long evolution, and the end result is certainly a very distant period in the habits of many. However, the literature revealed at this place and at that place shows the existence of various opinions (eg, in the pathogenesis, classification or pulse of the disease) and reveals the rest that have been abandoned. The current state is certainly declining, as the Chinese authors admit.
[# End in bold here]
The most obvious expression of decline is found in the lamentable state of education. This is the shadow of what prospered long ago. During the Tang Dynasty (618-907 AD), medical schools flourished throughout the empire and were mainly taught by creative researchers, but now there is only one imperial medical school in Beijing, and this function is a civil servant. Its mission is to train court and physical physicians through theoretical education. Medicine is a free profession, there are no compulsory exams, and anyone can do it for charity or just a hobby. The government has no involvement in proof of education or medical competence, and the court medical school (which maintains school medical education as the caretaker of ancient technology) advances science by punishing any deviation from the standard. I'm holding back. Except for members of the court medical school of government officials (7th to 4th class), doctors were above commoner and low-ranking monks, but below fortune-tellers and school teachers. Formal education requires applicants to learn appropriate knowledge of medical classics. He then learns how to test and treat patients from an experienced healthcare professional. This requires at least two years. The most trusted are those of the doctor's family, who are educated by their parents and can list the largest number of doctors' ancestors. In addition to the descendants of these doctor families, there are many scholars who cannot receive state assistance, so independent teachers and doctors of all kinds of yabs must look for other outlets. The specialty in China is very completely differentiated.
Only the Manchu people have a formal family doctor. Medical rewards are generally very low, and doctors usually do not visit patients all the time, only when they are repeatedly invited, and this practice naturally makes it impossible to truly observe the progression of the disease and the action of the drug. ing. Except for referral rituals, which are usually done in the morning, the most important home visit is a pulse test, and no medical history is noted.
About medical ethics In the Ming Dynasty book, it is written that doctors should keep the following in mind. That is, "If the patient is terrible, treat him as you would like him to be treated. If you are asked to see him, go immediately and do not be late. If you ask for medicine, don't give it to him immediately and ask him if he is rich or poor. Your heart will always save lives and use everything to please, and your own joy will be enhanced. The world There will be someone to protect you when it's dark. If you're called for an acute illness and have no choice but to make money from the patient, your heart isn't full of love for your neighbors. Then there is certainly something to punish you in the darkness of the world. "
[# Bold from here]
The influence of Chinese medicine crossed the border of China (in a narrow sense, Nakahara = Yellow River region). As felt in Annam and Siamese medicine, for example, their knowledge was generally below the level of teachers.
The best ginseng was obtained from the north and Korea, it was a colony of Chinese medicine, and it was also an intermediate stage on the way to Japan.
Before the introduction of European civilization into the country of Mikado, China was the same for Japan as Greece had previously for Rome, and was the source of all morals and civilization. For a long time, the "land of sunrise" received the germ of China's science and religion, art and technology indirectly through its closely related Korea. Only when political conditions changed did a direct relationship between the two most important countries of the Far East become possible.
This relationship also gave Chinese medicine a new home in Japan, completely expelling ancient Japanese art in the 9th century and maintaining its dominance, but no further development until the last third of the 19th century. It was.
[# End in bold here]
The system that European medicine recently replaced in Japan was mainly Chinese. Primitive, land-specific, ancient Japanese medical technology, along with former and partly Chinese ones, exists without speculation, based on primitive observations, distinguishing a significant number of illnesses. , Utilizing abundant therapeutic products consisting mainly of unique medicinal plants.
Ancient Japanese doctors knew four types of pulses, established a diagnosis based on observations, questions and manipulations, made full use of simple surgery, diarrhea-resistant astringent substances, and abnormal urine. Diuretics, cold water baths for fever, and sweating agents for chills were instructed.
The invasion of Chinese medicine began in the 3rd century (reference: Wei Zhi Yajinden: AD297). From this time on, a very short relationship with Korea developed. The most important result is the introduction of Chinese civilization, so the method of Chinese medicine has entered Japan.
First, foreign medical professionals were called only to the court, and this protection made Korean doctors more often come to Japan, and even more became leaders to familiarize talented young people with Chinese science. The presence of Chinese Buddhist monks furthered this goal.
At the end of the 7th century (end of the Asuka period), medical schools were established in the capital and regions with the guidance of Korea and the assistance of the government. During this time, a young man with energy was sent to China to study there. Chinese medicine has been officially licensed in Japan, Japanese medicine has become increasingly less powerful, spending some time in the darkness of distant countryside and Shinto temples, and eventually falling to the level of folk medicine. That's right.
Sometimes it was not without the fact of national reaction. One of them was the Emperor's order to collect ancient Japanese prescriptions and recipes at the beginning of the 9th century (Heian period). But this was too late. This acquisition required a great deal of effort, but was merely a literary monument with no real impact and was soon forgotten. After the 9th century, Chinese medicine was completely assimilated into Japan. The education system continued to prosper, and women were also active. The newly created hospitals and medical schools were offered to the poor and were well received by the public. Medicine declined during the fierce civil war between the 12th century (the rise and fall of the Heike) and the 16th century (Nobunaga Oda entered Tokyo), but the talented representatives were not completely lost.
Although Japanese medicine awoke from lethargy at the beginning of the 16th century and the influence of Chinese teachers' guidance remained long, some medical thinkers had the courage to critically oppose the theory of the time and gained their personal experience. Established and revived many forgotten methods of ancient Japanese medicine.
In the early days, almost all doctors were gathered from the highest ranks of society, and only the elderly belonged to the lower ranks.
The feudal system, which was introduced at the beginning of the 17th century and ended in 1868 (Meiji Restoration), made a distinction between Goten doctors and popular doctors. The former was a strict hierarchy (emperor, general, daimyo, doctor), who was from the upper class but was not suitable for the battlefield. The latter belonged to the commoners. Both wore the same long sleeves to indicate their official position, but the former had a distinguishing sword and the latter had a decorative sword.
The palace doctors had a certain seating order depending on the rank and were called in various ranks, but the Minshu doctor was given by their patients, and the amount of reward was decided by the patient by law. It was written as follows. “Don't give too much income when medical workers succeed in curing their illness with their abilities, because they don't ignore their mission,” the average reward is for doctors themselves. It was two to four times the amount allowed for the medicines made. The only means that oppressed and defenseless doctors could use to obtain their rights was "flattery." Medical disciples had the opportunity to learn this when they followed the teacher on a home visit according to their habits.
[# Bold from here]
Although not very capable of building their own culture, they are so capable of assimilating the components of foreign civilization that the Japanese rapidly accept the important features of Chinese medicine from standard writing and model it. He faithfully reproduced from and wrote a lot of scientific literature.
Japan's intellectual peculiarities in theory had no prospects other than discussions of verbatim criticism and descriptive additions, and the shackles of the Chinese system made speculation undeveloped. However, because they preferred realism, the technique is most appealing to Japanese doctors, and there are local colorings here and there against the backdrop of unclear medical habits. Examples are the use of sweating and hot water baths for catarrh, the latter being a custom influenced by the country's hot springs.
[# End in bold here]
Moxibustion and acupuncture are the preferred treatments in Japan as well as massage, and there was some theory very skillfully. There are acupuncture specialists. Moxibustion was done by low-ranking people, especially old women, not by doctors. Massage is mainly performed by "Anma".
The dispensing book was made by imitating the one in China. Surgery was at a low level until the introduction of European methods. Tooth extraction is peculiar to Japanese people, first hitting the tooth with a piece of wood and a mallet, and then pulling it out with fingers.
[# Bold from here]
The liberation began gradually from the 16th century, and some independence from Chinese dogmatism came to be achieved in some fields of excellent individual observation and medicine. Representatives of the new movement are Masayoshi Song Naose (Dosan: 1507-1594) and his disciple Tamba, who start treatment with sweating agents, where fever and dampness are the most important causes of illness, and of urine and stools. Focused on inspection. But the most important was the great Tokuhon Nagata (biography unknown). He is a highly capable observer worthy of the prestigious honorific title of Hippocrates in Japan, making nature the best healer, simplifying the complex treatments that were being performed at the time, and the essential prerequisites. It started with the idea of ​​helping the healing power of nature. This enlightening idea naturally clashed with Chinese formalism. He had the courage to give a patient with a fever, for example, cold water.
The deep knowledge about human nature was shown in the following facts. Instead of worrying about which drug to use for neurosis, Tokuhon Nagata treated it by psychological effects after clarifying the cause of the difficulty.
In this way he talked about raining the peasant, told the maiden about the approaching marriage, and told his wife that the runaway husband would return early.
Obstetrics developed independently of China in the 18th century. This is largely due to the move away from ordinary medicine to the hands of specialists based on the rational methods of ancient Japanese medicine.
[# End in bold here]
Even in ancient Japan, pregnant women were treated carefully. There is a special maternity room, and pregnant women lived here three weeks before and three weeks after giving birth. Second pregnancy
I wore a belt in half a year and rubbed my abdomen to get the correct presentation. Special chairs were used during delivery and during the following 8 days. In the middle of the 18th century, obstetrics was greatly stimulated by Gen'etsu (1700-1777). He used to be an acupuncturist. He published the groundbreaking book "Industry Theory" in 1765, in which he attacked many false Chinese ideas and published many correct observations, mixed with a priori conclusions. His successor has inherited these rational efforts. The following was known and implemented. Elbow-knee delivery position, perineal protection, double ligation of the umbilical cord and amputation with scissors, powdered bile as a hemostatic agent, abdominal rubbing and removal of the residual placenta by pulling the umbilical cord, withdrawal using the final instrument, 4 Breastfeeding after a day.
Surgery: Delivery in foot position, internal and external head / foot rotation, perforation and head amputation. Since the beginning of the 19th century, Japanese obstetricians have been using whalebone bands. It is still uncertain whether this obstetric instrument originates in Europe or has nothing to do with it.
[# Bold from here]
Prepared in this way, Japan was a suitable soil for European medicine and was not completed until the last 30 years of the 19th century due to special obstacles (isolation), but its gradual progress was made by Portuguese missionaries. It started with the activity of, and reached the highest level based on the establishment of the German-style internal medicine and surgery academy in Tokyo in 1871 (Meiji 4).
Today, Japanese medicine has left its isolated position and has become a valuable companion in the World Medical Federation.
[# End in bold here]
[#New Page]
[# 3 indentation] Translator's commentary [# "Translator's commentary" is a middle heading]
This book by Neuberger, who founded the American Society of History of Medicine and was recommended by Sir William Osler, a professor of internal medicine at Oxford University and chairman of the British Society of Medical History in his later years, to read by British and American students, is a system. It is an excellent book that is well organized. But unfortunately it is a esoteric book. There were some parts that I couldn't understand, but first I translated only the part of primitive medicine in the first half of Volume 1. The reason why I limited it to primitive medicine and oriental medicine is that there are some parts that the translator cannot understand, and even if I can understand it, I found it difficult to translate it into Japanese.
The Primitive Medicine section details mesopotamia, ancient Egypt, ancient Persia, Israel, India, Chinese and Japanese medicine, magic-related magic (Goegia), religious theurgy (Theurgy), and experiential medicine. It is being discussed. I became interested in it in connection with alternative medicine, traditional medicine, and Kampo medicine, which are currently popular in the United States and other countries.
The original English texts of Volume 1 (https://archive.org/details/historyofmedicin01neub/) and Volume 2 (https://archive.org/details/historyofmedicin02neub/) can be viewed on the Internet, so those who are interested can read them in English. Please read the continuation at. The process of development from primitive medicine to Greek medicine, the problems of Kos medicine represented by Hippocrates and Galen and Knidos medicine, which is academically close to modern medicine, Arabic medicine that was advancing like a modern hospital, etc. Neuberger's description of is very good. Unfortunately, the post-Renaissance part was not published due to World War I.
For the reader's reference, the headings from the latter half of Volume 1 that were not translated are listed below.
Second half of Volume 1 [# "Second half of Volume 1" is in bold]
Medicine in the ancient classical era
Introduction
Homerian medicine and priesthood medicine
Asklepiad doctor, physical education specialist, plant pharmacist
The beginning of medical theory
Medical school
Knidos, Kos, Sicilian School
Hippocrates
Hippocrates collection
Dogmaist
Medicine in the Alexandria era
Heropiros, Erasitatos and their disciples
Empirist school
Surgeons and pharmacologists
Translation of Greek medicine into Rome
Asclepiades
Methodist
Roman encyclopedia scholar. Kelsus, Prinius
Prescription and pharmacopoeia
Pneumaticists and eclecticists
Aretaios, Lupos, Solanos
Note: Anatomy and physiology
Galen
Antiros
Medicine in ancient decline
General condition
Literature
In the writing of the church priest
Medicine in Talmudo
Medicine in the Middle Ages
Introduction
Byzantine medicine
Byzantine medical literature
Translation of Greek medicine into the Orient
Historical perspective of literature
Arabic medicine
Volume 2 First Half [# "Volume 2 First Half" is in bold]
Medicine in the early Middle Ages
Medicine in the 11th and 12th centuries
Arabian influence on Europe
Medicine in the 13th century
Medicine in the late Middle Ages
Historical perspective of literature
Organizer Note:
In the original translation, curly braces () were also used in the translator's note, but since many curly braces are also used in the original document, to distinguish between them, use hexagonal brackets [] for the translator's note and the organizer's note. I made it. The terms "translator's note, organizer's note" are not used unless otherwise specified.
[# End of text]
Bottom line: Max Neuburger, "History of Medicine" (1910), translated by Ernest Playfair (1871-1951)
June 9, 2019 (Reiwa yuan) Aozora Bunko version released
* This work is provided under "Creative Commons Attribution 2.1 Japan License" (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.1/jp/).
Translator: Shigeki Mizukami
Created June 8, 2019
Aozora Bunko Recording File:
This file is recorded in the Internet library, Aozora Bunko (https://www.aozora.gr.jp/) at the will of the copyright holder.
