Living spirit
Juran Hisao

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) "Kisoku"

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Old | Western lamp << Lamp >>

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Numbers are JIS X 0213 area area number or Unicode, base page and number of lines)
(Example) * [# "Koromohen + Making of Alms", Level 3 1-91-72]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

[# 5 indentation] 1 [# "1" is the middle heading]

Sanjuro Matsuhisa is a well-known Shunyokai sword.
Because I have been traveling in the mountains for half a year with the actual clothes of straw shoes on the legs, I have given the nickname "Sanjuro of the crotch trip" on the painting stage.
In the back of Karatani in Hida, there is a big tochigi tree in the valley, and when it is in full bloom, it has thousands of pink flowers, and when the morning sun shines on it, the world It is said that it is so beautiful that it does not seem to be a thing. I went out to see it.
Although I left Tokyo in May, I stayed for a long time in Kiso-Fukushima, and was surprised by the voice of the autumn breeze, and finally crossed the Kiso River to the west. After looking at the alpine moon, I planned to go to Toyama and see the color of the Sea of Japan in the autumn at Wakura in Noto.
It was the day before the Obon festival in the lunar calendar that I arrived at Ogimachi after playing Munmayagoe.

[# 5 indentation] Two [# "two" is the middle heading]

When you sit down on the upper stile of Akindo Yado, a merchant inn with black light, you can see an old man who looks just like Kakiemon, a master craftsman of Matsusuke, who wears cotton-filled sleeveless clothes. Crawled out in a lawful manner, and at a glance at Sanjuro's face,
"Why don't you go to Koto and Yano?"
I shouted with a voice that seemed to extinguish my soul.
On the sooted ceiling with thick beams that seem to hold a hand, various things such as lanterns "Andon" and dried vegetables "Hiba" and old | Western lights "Lamp" are hung in front of the dimly lit earthen floor. A small little girl who looks like a ghost of Mujina is blowing a split tree with her back rounded.
No, Sanjuro said that I was traveling from Tokyo, but I still have doubts.
"Did you see this as a traveling person? ... I was rude and rude because I had an eyebrow" Mayutsura "that looked like Yayuki-san. Anyway ... "
I was looking at it without getting tired of it.
When I washed my feet and suddenly went up the wide step ladder from the stile, it was a deep tatami room of the eaves facing the valley. When I was absent-minded after having dinner with the light of the Western lamp, a little girl came up and said that I should go to see the Bon festival dance in the riverside.
It's not interesting to see the mundane Bon Odori of the mountain song "Yamatawa", but since there is no whereabouts, let's go to the old clogs of the loose palm of the palm. I left the inn while pulling.
* [# "Koromohen + Giving", Level 3 1-91-72] A small "Ko" Benkei's horse is layered on the thick daimyo-striped 褞 "Dotera" of "Fuki", and Imoseyama "I" I walked along a straight road along the Tanigawa river, swelling arrogantly like the fisherman of Moseyama, but no matter where I went, I could hear the sound of the mountain slopes and Hayase. Occasionally, the Nue bird screams and passes through.
As I was walking slowly, the thumbs of my toes, which were making the bushes, became dull, so I stopped walking and went down to the place where I became a river crotch. When I looked into the bamboo basket, I heard a singing voice like the head of Somahiki, somehow, from the slope of the opposite bank that suddenly rose from the river.
No matter how good the moon is, there is no one who pulls Somagi on the 13th day before Obon. It's possible to sneak out the official trees all night long, but no matter how much momentum you get, there's no such thing as a carefree singing beat.
The rocky belly 《Gourou》 is steep from the riverbank to a very high place, and towards that, there is a gradual slash-and-burn field 《Yaibata》 with stone walls folded all the way.
I couldn't hear the sound of the ax and the sound of the Daigiri, and I fell asleep from the terraced fields of potatoes, scallions, or swaying scallions. It's hard to understand that you can hear such a song because it's too overwhelming.
When I sat down on the rocky river and looked at the ridge of the slope, the song was not only from the terraced fields directly opposite, but also from that ridge that approached me from all directions to match the forehead. You can also hear from this gorge "Hazama".
Around the slope of Hannokibayashi, which is not Yamabiko, but Tanigawa twisted and turned into a riverside, there was a particularly high-pitched, mellow singing voice. When I sang the prelude, the different voices of Minetani and Minetani were heard at once, and somehow I managed to put in the rhythm of the sword.
Takayama fox or Hida raccoon dog is the one who plays pranks on such a night. Both of them are amiable, but after all, the raccoon dog is full of praise, so I get absorbed in it and end up with a tail.
I heard the sound of a car pump siren in a town in Takayama, and I was good at it on a good night of the moon and did it at night.
It's just like the real thing, and everyone was impressed with it, but the car pump never came to the mountains like this, the village was immediately known, and everyone just laughed with their stomachs and didn't really receive it. I felt like I was feeling it, so I stopped after just three days.
When I went there, the fox was, after all, a good actor, dressed as a bride with a tsunokakushi, and took the sword of Kaga-zome's Uchikake and went out. Come and dance. Both the hands and the hands that were pulled went to the hall, and the women in the village couldn't be at their feet.
When I danced with about five people, I suddenly became seven people and eight people, and while I was dancing together without knowing which one was a fox or a human being, when it came to an end, Before I knew it, I would be the original five again.
I'm in a good mood if I let them dance, but I heard that if they imitate something like being out of the group, they will suddenly turn over the basket that they carry on their backs on the mountain road on their way home from mowing, and they will rebuke. It was.

[# 5 indentation] Three [# "three" is the middle heading]

When I returned to the shore from Nakasu in the river and looked up at the terraced fields, I found a yukata, a yukata with a nice slender appearance in the terraced fields around the 5th stage, and a pure white towel with a hand towel in the autumn breeze. I'm dancing while fluttering.
"Hi, the fox is dancing"
I felt like I wanted to go to the side and cross the stream to the rocks by removing the clogs, and when I climbed the terraced shores of the fields while trampling the bamboo stocks, I thought that I had climbed. I was surprised that I suddenly went to the side of the field before I knew it.
Gently peek through the leaves of the corn on the shore of the field and wear a yukata with a large pattern of vine leaves. I'm squeezing. His face is covered with a washcloth and has only a constricted white chin, but sometimes when he turns his face to the moon, he sees a slightly long, smooth nose. It's slender, but it's not terrifying, and it's a little ridiculous because it has an indescribable sex appeal from the shoulders to the waist.
Even though it is transparent, with a fluffy voice, the bon, bon, and bon dances are as long as they are today, and the day after tomorrow, "Asatte" is singing something, and the minions are lithely twisted. I'm dancing with a slap.
Why is the gesture of the moonlit night dance like this? * [# Instead of the "word" of "yellowtail", "moon", 3rd level 1-91-26] << deaf >>. Not only because it is a fox, but in the deep moonlight in the depths of Hida, in the light of the moon, the scallions in the scallions field and the thread thinness in the ridge of the shop "Itosuki" are in the fields. It seems that he thought that the edamame on the shore also seemed to be thoughtful when it came to being blown by the wind and swaying.
The fox didn't seem to think that Sanjuro was standing up like a human being, and he seemed to be calm and sang with only one sloppy song.
Sanjuro became a little more interesting, and while tapping on the navel with his palm, he started to feel good and gentle, and I thought that this was about to be masqueraded.
With that in mind, before I knew it, I took off my clogs, went into the corn field surrounded by scallions, stepped on the shadow of the fox, and started dancing to the bon, bon, and bon dance. The fox looks back towards Sanjuro,
"It's okay to dance, but don't step on the scallions."
 such as.
When I looked at the footsteps on the other side, thinking that it was a brute, I was dancing steadily while straddling the leaves of the scallions that had grown about 6 inches over the ridges.
In this area, in every village, on both sides of a narrow road sandwiched between Tanigawa and a stone cliff, scallions are piled up like chicks, potatoes are planted on a flat land about the size of a cat, and edamame is planted. The scallions and scallions are squeezed into each other on the shore, and the garlic is inserted into the slight gap.
In the fields that were planted so much, even if you dance alone, there is no reason to step on it. I couldn't help but dance, and I didn't want to step on the edamame, so the women around here straddled the shores of the field and were able to dance without stepping on the edamame or scallions. The fox is a strange guy, and when I laughed a little at him, wondering if he would imitate such a thing, the female fox "Onnagitsune" had a really angry voice.
"Don't do it! Don't step on the scallions with such a horse-legged foot .... Keep your feet gentler."
Sanjuro laughed while
"I'm sorry for the horse legs, this is born."
And again, the female fox
"Oh, I'll say it like a human ... Don't wear too much clothes. Where are you, the fox?"
I stopped dancing and turned around.
Far from being a fox with a raised buttock, the eyes are taut, crisp and beautiful, and the long, flexible eyelashes add a touch of depth to the eyes.
I thought it would be difficult if I was scratched, so I was a little squeezed and retreated. I got a stalk rice cake inside.
I wore a cotton-filled 褞 袍 "Dotera" loosely, and it was only before, so the hem of the 褞 袍 opened like a morning glory flower in the fallen beat, and it became a terrible appearance. It was.
The waist was sunk into the soft soil of the field, and the hem of the 褞 袍 was entwined with the grass, so it was not possible to get up suddenly. As he struggled sloppyly, the fox smiled on Sanjuro's head.
Sanjuro was trying to do whatever he wanted, and when he closed his eyes while turning over in the field, the fox made a good voice.
"No ... what do you look like .... I'm sorry."
"Hey, that's it."
"Well, cheeky ... no fox!"
"Which one! I don't feel like it's good because Hanada is good."
"Okay ... I laughed, so I'm swelling ... If I don't look like that, get up! The tail is round."
Sanjuro's nose hole was tickled by a nice fluffy scent. Looking open, the fox is crouching near the face of Sanjuro, who is lying down.
A small sword was tightly inserted between the knees, and he was looking at Sanjuro's face with his neck slightly bent.
A human woman who is noble and noble like Ada, has no sex appeal like this.
"Hey, I just can't get up ... If I don't get up, I'll bite you!"
I thought it would be a problem to be bitten, and when I got up and sat down on the leaves of the scallions, it seemed that my butt was wet with dew and it was cool.
The fox is more and more nice, crouching alongside Sanjuro,
"Hey, let's apply your profession."
"Try it"
"You paint"
"I see, it's a prospect ... Mythical power!"
"That's not to say. You can see the sketchbook from your pocket. You don't want to sketch until late at night. That's Date."
"This guy is precocious .... What are you like that?"
"I'm a fox ... even though I'm a fox."
At this time, the fox rang with the flourishing of the buckwheat fox.

[# 5 indentation] 4 [# "4" is the middle heading]

The female fox smiled and smiled
"See, that is my genus" Kenzoku "..."
When I took the towel on my head, it suddenly became a serious word,
"Please lay this down. You want to be cold, because it's full of dew ..."
After carefully looking at Sanjuro's face with a deep-hearted eye,
"I'm sorry, Mr. Matsuhisa .... I thought I was a fox ..."
"Well, I thought it was a fox."
"It is said that the foxes around here often turn into such a style .... Wearing a fox and wearing a cheek crown ..."
Sanjuro became ridiculous and started laughing. Even so, I was still wondering if it would be turned into something.
"No, this is ... I think you're a fox again."
"Anyway, right?"
"It's a good month"
"It's a good month"
"Maybe it's because of the moon so much ... I'm terribly upset ... When I looked up from the river, I thought the fox was really dancing, but that's okay."
"What is it?"
"I don't think it's been masqueraded."
"Come on, how is it?"
"Then, that's fine .... So who are you?"
"So, the fox family"
"In that case, should I stop being a human being and squeal with the prosperity of Kaya?"
"I'm glad .... But I wonder if you can be patient in such a deep mountain."
"I can do it"
"Just say it ... I think it's me who is fooled."
"But why am I Matsuhisa ..."
"I was always looking at my work .... I was thinking of giving a greeting tomorrow .... I've been looking at Mr. Umihara with my brother for a long time. I was there. I'm still imitating the real thing .... I once exhibited "Tochi no Hana". "
Sanjuro immediately remembered. A picture of a tochigi tree full of pale pink flowers that I saw at the Tei exhibition about three years ago. I wanted to see the beauty with my eyes, so I left Tokyo in this way.
"Is that so ... I saw that."
"It's embarrassing"
"No, it was pretty good and I liked it. You seem to be familiar with this area."
"Because it's my hometown .... Since my brother died in Tengzhou Castle in Taijiso, my grandfather and grandmother are so lonely, so go here. I'm back ... it's been two years now .... I've stopped painting all the time, and I'm just playing around with this. "
"Are you not going to Tokyo anymore?"
"When I stay here, my grandfather and grandmother are very happy, so I don't want to go to Tokyo until I shake it off."
Saying that, again, when I got to see Sanjuro's face,
"But mysterious ... you really aren't a fox?"
"Why?"
"Why is it so mysterious?"
"Why do you see so much of my face?"
"Excuse me, but you look just like your dead brother. It's weird and can't be helped."
"Is it so similar?"
"Every time I say something, I pull the edge of my lips strongly .... It's just like that. Is there something like this?"
"Is that so"
"You might think it's crap, but it's so similar that I thought the fox came to masquerade me. It's nice to show a gap, so I treated it moderately. "
"Speaking of which, I was told that at the inn .... Isn't it Yayuki, isn't it .... Is your brother then Yayuki?"
"... Yanosuke Sekihara. If my grandfather and grandmother saw you, I'm sure they would have started crying, I thought they were my brother."
Suddenly pulling the sleeves together,
"What kind of business did you do, this area ..."
"It's not right ... I'm thinking about going to Wakura if I feel like it."
"In that case, I have a request."
"What is it?"
"Why don't you become an older brother and meet the old people?"
"But your brother was killed in action."
"Yes, so become my brother's spirit, Shorei ..."
"Am I ... a ghost?"
"No, it's not a ghost. It's okay to keep it normal."
"Such a 褞 袍" Dotera "?"
"What kind of appearance! ... In this area, the new Buddha" Niibotoke "is supposed to come home only in the first tray .... So, you should play that role. It ’s. ”
"I am ... the new Buddha"
"I don't know how happy I am! ... If I don't like it"
"I don't say I don't like it ... but I'm in trouble."
"It's not difficult. It's okay if you come in with a normal face and straddle the mukaebi at the gate."
"Across the mukaebi, what do you do then?"
"No, if there is something that comes in across the fire, no matter what you look like, it's the transformation of the new Buddha, and it's here to give up the time. It's the wind .... That's why there are various things like the new Buddha. It's a mail delivery, a wall insert ... "
"But my age is"
"It doesn't matter at all .... In that house where you're staying, two babies have died, but I've become a grandfather of about sixty."
"But thank you ... for me ..."
"My father and mother died early, and my brother and I were the only grandchildren, but that brother would have died .... The dead wild chrysanthemum on the shore of the water moat until just before the war. It seems that he was a solid death by copying it, and I'm even proud of it, but for some reason, my brother hasn't come back yet .... Then, the old man, Toshiyori, will hold hands and cry, saying that he will not be seen again this year. When I think about standing on the corner, it's hard to see it from now on. "
In the light of Tsukishiro in the depths of the high mountains, even ordinary things may be as beautiful as poetry.
When I heard such a squinting story, my heart seemed to be drawn into the world of ancient shamanism, and my head became ramblingly hazy.
"If the old man is so pleased, would you like to work as a substitute and talk about the dark soil?"
"Can you really do it?"
"But it doesn't seem to last long, so that's about it."
"Yes, I know. I'll be there and do well."

[# 5 indentation] 5 [# "5" is the middle heading]

When Sanjuro went into the dirt floor as if straddling the smoke of the fire, the wrinkled grandmother who was sitting in front of the sword came out with a fire-blown bamboo. Looking at Sanjuro's face as if it were a hole, I headed toward the back of the wide stile tatami room.
"Grandfather, grandfather, go out early ... The spirit of Yanosuke came back with a bat umbrella."
I was screaming.
From the other side of the large hearth, a white-haired grandfather with a chonmage on it came down to the top 《Agarihana》.
"Oh, Yano, Yano .... Then, I'll have to come back one by one. I've been waiting for the next year and the next year, but I realized the convenience of the dark soil. I haven't seen a bunch of lie, I haven't seen any more. Even now, I was still saying "Baba", "Swordsman", and "Basket" .... Oh, well, come back. The eyebrows are attached to the eyebrows as they are on the day ... If you don't lie from your hips, go up to the fireside as soon as possible. 》 I'm happy. "
While rubbing tears and water with Mizubana, he hurriedly embarked on Sanjuro's hand and fell down into the dirt floor, sitting there and holding his hand with his grandmother and crying. It was.
When the two of us made a fuss about taking a grass sushi or taking a leg bond and let Sanjuro use a foot wash, he took him to the hearth and burned it. Shi, boil the bath, and use persimmon leaf sushi for sushi, or sushi pickled in sushi, or hira, hanpen, and grated first mushroom. No, no, the tsubo sits down, and the lid and the house rush around.
As if listening to such a fuss, a woman from "Yube" started running from the back last night.
With a face that looks like a middle eye
"My brother" Anma ", ... you ..."
Shouted.
Sanjuro imagined this scene and closed at night thinking that it might spurt out. But now, when I was called to do so, something squeaky struck from the back of my chest, and I felt a solemn feeling that I wanted to straighten my collar suddenly.
Grandmother was in tears again,
"My brother, Anma, is coming back one after another. No, I'm glad, I'm sorry .... First, I made a greeting after a long time. My brother," Anma, I'd like to talk to you about myself .... I thought I'd be lonely with only our old man, Toshiyori, so I came back to the mountains like this. Being "
Sanjuro feels faint and from the bottom of his heart
"Well, that's done well. If you're by my grandfather's grandfather's grandmother's side, I can safely go back to the dark soil."
To say thank you, that person also puts his chin on his collar,
"Please, don't worry."
I answered with a moody voice. Matsuhisa is new
"Well, anyway, let me say hello after a long time .... Grandfather" Uncle ", Grandmother" Grandmother ", thank you for a long time. However, due to various circumstances in the dark soil, I couldn't get out of it without permission, and while keeping in mind this year, I have no excuse for being so late. "
And, I put up an apology in a realistic way. The old man waved like a dead tree,
"What are you saying .... The bitterness is the habit of an old man, Toshiyori, but even if two years are three years late, he comes back and wears eyebrows. After seeing it, it seems that many years of thoughts have cleared up. "
The grandmother pulled the sleeve of the old man,
"Grandfather, grandfather, I'm going to spend some time in the world, something that isn't in the world ...
"Oh, that's right ... Come on, help you too .... Ask your brother" Anma ", and if you raise the fishy smell" Namagusa ", I have a favorite thrush. No Jagato "
"My brother, Anma, you have to be devoted."
"No, that's not the case .... Thrush, fine. In addition, let's get the persimmon leaf sushi."
"Well, I'm glad ... let's do that. You'll be tired from a long trip, so why don't you lie down a little?"
"Then, let's do that."
"Oh, oh, that's right, that's right"
In the meantime, I was ready, and I lined up old-fashioned bowls as if I were a son-in-law, and two old men sat down like a lieutenant and a son-in-law in Takasago, and I could see Sanjuro's face, but I couldn't see it. , Hore, that rice eating, chopsticks squeezing, and if it was left as it was on a certain day, I would look at each of the gestures and nod painfully like what to do.
Kimiko holds a tray behind the two old men and stares at Sanjuro's face with a sucking eye, so Sanjuro is not a mystery of Matsuhisa Sanjuro, but Meiji. For the convenience of this, I have come to feel a mysterious feeling that it may be Yanosuke Sekihara himself who has returned to this world all the way from that world, longing for his three relatives.
When I was carrying my heartfelt persimmon leaf sushi to my mouth with my eyes down, I saw the heavy soot-colored "bitum" of Tengzhou castle last fall, and the eyelids looked like it. It came to the back.
On the morning of the 24th, between the pillboxes over a ri, pierce a hole and move forward forcibly while avoiding enemy bullets, spread out in front of the water moat and move to a deadly assault. The behavior of Warrant Officer Sekihara, who had previously copied the dead wild chrysanthemum growing on the shore of the water moat, was remembered from his solid memory, as he did there.



Bottom book: "Jura Hisao Juran Hisao Gem Masterpiece Collection" Kawade Bunko, Kawade Shobo Shinsha
First edition issued on June 20, 2010 (Heisei 22)
Parent of the original: "Insects" Contemporary Liberal Arts Library, Social Thought Company
December 1976 (Showa 51)
First appearance: "Shinseinen" Hakubunkan
August 1941 (Showa 16)
* The title is "Ikiryo" in the original text.
Input: Shigure
Proofreading: Hiroshi Kadota
Created on September 24, 2017
Revised October 10, 2017
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
