Living space
--Overture to movie space theory
Masakazu Nakai

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Irony "Irony"

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Romantic | Ironic "Irony"

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) [# Indent from here]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

Around the birth of Hegel's dialectic, there are people who think that there is a young German romance at that time | irony. Romantic irony is an expression represented by Hegel's friend Sol-gel, in the immediate vicinity of all their actions and words, "a silent gaze staring at oneself." There is one anxiety and fear. It is an endless sense of oppression in my reflection. It is anguish that I have an eye that always slips through me and looks at me.
This irony and anxiety was the slogan of the youth Romantics at that time, and was also the common flow of modern German spirit. Brandes describes it as follows.
[# Indent from here]
"There is no greater misery and suffering than morbid self-reflection. People then separate themselves from themselves and observe themselves as spectators. Soon, prisoners of prison are at the door. You will experience the terrifying emotions you feel when you look up into the eyes of a guard looking through a peephole in it. In such cases, your own eyes will look as terrifying as the eyes of others. Only the shore is known, and inside it looks like a mystery of a country that should be discovered for the first time .... One sunny day, a poor prisoner looks up at the peephole from his workplace, From there he admits that his eyes have disappeared. Only then can he breathe. He can live. "
[# End of indentation here]
This anxiety gaze is, in ontology, an essential gaze, something that makes you feel a German, northern Germanic, eye-catching look.
And that is what Shakespeare has categorized in modern human vision since he drew Hamlet, and Germany has risen to romantic irony since Lessing put it in Germany. However, it is also a vision that has fallen behind for 150 years.
Heidegger's ontology also reproduces this anxiety gaze in philosophy. And it is expressed as "living space" (Roimrich inzain), and the same subject is dealt with with the words of anxiety about distance. Heidegger does not have something that is formally a space from the beginning, but such a space is just a world of "interval" (Upstant). Only when you are out of your position where you should be, the "distance" (endfernung) from you, that is, the space as anxiety that is separated, is created. I think that the fear that this existence is separated from the existence is the true feeling of the living space. It is also the meaning of the space of anxiety that Sartre always expresses.
The romantic irony that I'm looking at myself, and the anxiety that I'm away from myself, are the roots of the mourning of intellectuals who haven't got what they should be. Is flowing in common.
Heidegger's disciple Oskar Becker attempted to treat the spatial dimension as a "living space" from this standpoint in his treatise "A priori structure of intuitive space".
He thinks of one dimension as "the heart of something." It is that you feel the distance in one direction and head towards it immediately. (In Japanese, "Omo" has the meaning of falling in love, having a favor, and turning the face toward it, and gradually transforming into "thinking.") At Becker, that In that case, it is necessary that the direction is "intently" (Geller de Aus).
This "single" unambiguous direction can no longer be unambiguous, and although there is a distance, it has an infinite wandering surface, like wandering in a cave guided by Ariadne's thread. It is a two-dimensional space that appears. It is a world where you can feel the anxiety of wandering, the anxiety of its size, and the distance in infinite directions. However, the feeling of distance is infinite, and I am not moving.
It is said that the third dimension is born when the person moves, moves with the rudder of the direction, and begins to move in the sense of distance.
From the standpoint of thinking about space with this idea, when the essential vision of seeing oneself appears, it treats space as the appearance of the distance between oneself and oneself. "Seeing" has already formed a "living space."
Becker's idea is not that "distance" is born from so-called spatial a priori, but rather that he is somehow distanced from himself [# "distanced" is an emphasis mark]. From that, the space is constructed. There is not life in space, but space in life.
Sol-gel's "silent, staring eyes" becomes a relief of such a living and moving space.
Here, when we think about setting up a canvas between nature and ourselves and keeping it away, from a raw standpoint, we have one line of sight that naturally confronts ourselves. It is also possible that the canvas slips lonely into the gap between him and himself, who throws his gaze at the next moment, and fills the gap. When thinking in this way, the two-dimensionality of the painting cloth is by no means a physical two-dimensionality. It is an artistic living two-dimensionality that begins to be newly constructed. The white canvas is nothing but a "question symbol" that you ask yourself in the infinite flow of time.
It can be said that we put a white canvas on the establishment of the question about existence. It is a living sign of a "distance" that defines the direction and range.
When this certain direction becomes free, the range becomes free, and this distance begins to move, this artistic space becomes a sculpture. Although the so-called physical three-dimensionality of the museum and the artistic three-dimensionality of sculpture correspond to each other, they do not live in the same spatiality. It can be said that there is a difference between "shadow" and "moving figure".
It can be said that the difference between the two-dimensionality and the three-dimensionality of this painting and sculpture appears in the novel and drama in the world of literature.
For example, let's think about the handling of the word "feeling good" in the novel. In response to this word, when it comes to what direction and in what excitement it can be taken, "I said that I liked it", "I said that I liked it", "I said that I liked it", etc. There must be a position, and the novel must have one "face" to express it. Here is the spatial character of the novel.
When this direction, distance and excitement are free, the world of theater can be exhibited here. There, he just says, "I like it." Then, according to the angle of the infinite audience, receive it from each position. Often, the playwright has an infinitely divided self in himself, too many himself to put together in a novel, which expresses his own infinite sense of distance in the form of a play. It can also be said.
It is interesting that the artistic spaces of both painting and sculpture, novel and drama have both two-dimensional and three-dimensional character, but both of them are the confrontation between the individual ego and the ego. It is constructed on the sense of distance.
In the case of a movie, the eye that sees it is the lens, what draws it is the film, and what constitutes it is the committee, which stands on the distance between this collective character. It is thought that.
Despite the fact that the collective creator and the collective audience are only one human group image, historical time uses white Eclain as a "symbol of question" for the future, in the gap between the two. Put it in.
As a "cutting space" that cuts itself in the history of the masses themselves, Cut makes an attempt to answer before the white Eclain.
Here, it should be said that dialectical independence, which cannot be fully enjoyed by Sol-gel's irony, becomes its logical basis and submits a task to accept the new baton.
Lucatch, who was an ontological scholar, was a person who entered the area of dialectic because of his suffering from such a contradiction. It is also an issue of all philosophies nowadays.
When replacing the word "anxiety and fear" that can be used in this ontology of an individual with the idea of "making oneself a medium of denial", it is possible for the first time to leap from an individual to a group. It becomes.
If we take the position that this word "mediation" is considered to be a medium and connects everything, as ether is as an "intermediate" of matter, it is an old Kant-style formal space. On the contrary, when "mediation" is regarded as "non-mediation mediation" and you think that you will develop by cutting and throwing yourself away, "anxiety" is the idea that "self is the mediation of denial". Instead, it constitutes a new dialectical theory of space.
Philosophy is now struggling to escape Kant's formal space. The theme of "living space" is an important theme in the space theory of art, and the space theory of movies is a future subject.



Bottom book: "Supplementary Aesthetic Space" Series Reconstruction 14, Shinsensha
November 16, 1977 (Showa 52) Supplementary 1st printing issued
Parent of the bottom book: "Aesthetic Space" Kobundo
November 1959 (Showa 34)
First appearance: "Scenario"
January 1951 (Showa 26)
Input: Atsushi Suzuki
Proofreading: Takatoshi Somekawa
Created April 18, 2009
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
