Letter from the countryside
Rokuya Tayama

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Mt. Kosha << Koshiyazan >>

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Nembutsu ｜ Ten 《To》

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Numbers are JIS X 0213 area area number or Unicode, base page and number of lines)
(Example) * [# "Koromohen + Upper", Level 4 2-88-9]

/ \: Double dance character (repeated symbol in the shape of a vertically lengthened "ku")
(Example) Guchiya / \
* Double the dance character with dakuten is "/" \ "
-------------------------------------------------- -----

[# 9 indentation] 1 [# "1" is the middle heading]

Nostalgic K-sensei,
The sound of the roaring blown down, no happiness came again, and the evening twilight was lonely. In the distance, the white head of Mt. Kosha is raised above the clouds, and in the ephemeral sunset, it shines forever silently with a miserable color. The flying crow left a voice of Kaa and disappeared behind the mountain of Mitsumine, which was shaped like a calf lying down. ――Sad thought, when I was struck by the cold air of the evening and shook my body, the sound of the white withered 萱 leaf echoed lonely. Ah, now winter is Shinsei. Mr. K, I just got two volumes of "The Last of Shigeemon" and "Akiharu" written by him as a chick, and tasted them. Nowadays, I often think about Professor. Shigeemon and Yonezo Takei. Ah Shigeemon screamed, "I wonder if I should give you a sympathy for one Matsuchi," and made a living by taking rice and money, and any police tongue. The villagers were scared to fight as if they could be the villagers. On a sad night, the anger of the people caused Eisuke's lotus pond to float the corpse of Shigeemon. Shigeemon, the child of nature! While staying in the village, I was really ashamed to know the truth for the first time with the teacher's brush.
Mr. Yonezo, who the teacher knows, was a person who was closely taught by my father and others, and at one point he was a very popular person. However, after learning from the Ukiyo Saya Arashi, he finally became a non-returning guest and couldn't help but make people cry because of the sadness of the family. However, now that the years have passed, Kiyozo Reizumi, along with me, has been devoting himself to night school at an elementary school in the village, and Yonezo's father is extremely strong, even though he has a gutsy eye. , I will do my best to be encouraged by farming. In addition, Mr. Yonezo's boss is also a master, and he was devoted to raising Mr. Kiyozo, who was devoted to raising him, without being swayed by a man, and now he is living a relatively rich life. Can be done.
Nostalgic K-sensei,
I'm not good at spelling natural sentences, so I can't write sentences that can be seen by the teacher. Please take something. Mr. Toranosuke, Mr. Toranosuke, the main character of "Akiharu", Mr. Toranosuke, a madman who has disturbed his hair, should eat food, and died without drinking water at the end of the period. , The eldest son Hideo came to night school with Mr. Kiyozo and us as well as Yahari, and in the place where the back of the abacus and the bottom of it were found, the owner of the Nagano Kogyokan Watanabe Seeing the word "Toranosuke", I felt more and more interesting about the novel "Akiharu". Isn't it a memorable memorial? Toranosuke's black crested haori has a black hair, and I feel like I can see the time when I was pretended to be black, and there is no way to do it. Considering that the tombs, stupas, and village temples are now lonely and silent, I feel like I can't help but cry in dark tears. However, the teacher wrote that he was a demon, and the madman Toranosuke also looked at him, and he still lived a healthy life. After that, he liked Toranosuke's younger brother, Ryosuke, and a woman. Because it looks young, I can live in a madness and the children are getting bigger and bigger. Would you like to send me a photo? However, I like sword dance, and I often do it at youth associations and alumni associations, but strangely, the sword I used to borrow without permission, that is, to the word, whatever, Toranosuke-san used to do it. I don't know if it's true or false, but my son Hideo said it. Anyway, it's Hideo's words, so if it's true, please reply.
Nostalgic K-sensei,
In Shinshu, which is deep in the valley, the lonely winter of snowfall has come to the small village of A in the northern village, and everyone looks cold and bites into the kotatsu all day long. It was time for people to form a group to the hot springs of Shibu and Tanaka, carrying rice and miso. The deafening wind constantly blows down from the high mountains. Mt. Madarao, Mt. Iizuna, Mt. Kurohime, Lake Nojiri, or Iida Town, Nagano City, etc., are still the same as the old days of Taisho culture. Farewell, nostalgic K-sensei visits Zenkoji Temple, the best in Mikuni | 《Kata / ″ \》 Would you like to go see the grave of Mr. Toranosuke, who remembers the old days? Also, there are many hot springs nearby, so we will guide you through that ...
The flow of time is unstoppable-people are born and die, and the cedar trees in the valley grow thick in the woods. Shigeemon disappeared in people's chests, and Toranosuke lost most of them. Today in the Taisho era, telephone poles were pulled, lamps were lit, and civilization of the 20th century flowed into our village in the mountains. I came here. There are still many things I would like to write about, such as the fact that Eisuke Nezu became the village mayor, that Eisuke took possession of the property of the house, and that there are many other things I would like to write, but it will be too long, so I will stop writing here. ..
[# 2 indentation] January day [# 5 characters up from the ground] S, T,
[# 3 indentation] Mr. K

[# 9 indentation] Two [# "two" is the middle heading]

I entered the mail box in the morning with the Kauifu letter. K read it while hitting the kotatsu. At first, I read it as a fool with the freaky letter written by a young man who loves literature in the countryside, but when it was gradually attracted and I finished reading it, a mysterious kind of recollection of the tide "Ushiho" I finally felt it coming up. The mountain village buried in the deep snow "Miyuki" can be seen in front of me, and at the same time, the people who appeared and disappeared on the stage of life, the people who cried and laughed, and the times when they were crying and laughing. It passed away, and this time young people began to do the same things as they did, which meaningfully struck a circle of recollection.
My wife Masuko came there, so
"An interesting letter has arrived"
K showed it.
However, the only thing my wife could understand by reading the letter was the person who wrote Yonezo there, and the rest was as deep as K thought, and did not attract Mashiko's heart. Even before this, the story of Yamamura, K often told Mashiko, but I couldn't understand it just by talking about it.
"Yonezo's boss is still at home, isn't he?"
"Rabbit"
"Isn't it a man or something hot?"
"I'll put it in the countryside or with a man who doesn't know the face. I'm raising a child, I'm a hard worker, and I'm going to overlook that much. "
"Isn't it ... the countryside is interesting?"
"But it's also written in this letter. Nowadays, it says that I will raise Kiyozo Tsutefuko hard without playing with men, so I'd like to get firm without imitating it anymore. I'm already an old woman. "
"Well, I'm older than me," said Mashiko, but suddenly, "Who sent such a letter?" 』\
"Kauifu Youth" K showed the back of the envelope and said, "Since he said that he was a playmate with Kiyozo, the son of Yonesan, he is a twenty-two young man. I read that it was my "Last of Shigeemon" and "Akiharu", so I thought about it and wrote it. In the year when we went to the village and Yonezo and Toranosuke came out to Tokyo, the boys were already gone. "
"Is that so? Did Yonezo's son grow so big? You ’re going to be an old woman. ”
Mashiko laughed at the words.
When Mashiko came to K's forgiveness in the spring of nineteen, Yonesan left the countryside and stayed at K's house to take the national language test. Yonesan was already thirty-two at that time. He was a naive person who had nothing to do with anything other than academics, and walked around the city of Tokyo without hesitation, wearing the faded Shiyooru of the countryside. Even when I went to school, I often went out wearing sandals / \. Even now, the anecdote sometimes comes out, so the young Yonezo must have been an interesting person for the K couple. On the night of the K couple's newlyweds, Yonesan was at K's older brother's house just below. I slept small. K opens the front door, says something in his mouth, and now remembers when he came back.
The sweet nightly remarks of the K couple's newlyweds were taken elsewhere, and Yonesan studied slowly with the narrow upper part of the three tatami mats of Hana. On a cold night, I bought a roasted sweet potato and took it out of the sweet potato while making a noise. Occasionally, I taught Mashiko about the calyx.
"You were a good person, Mr. Yonezo ... It's interesting to live now, but ... "
Mashiko Kau said as if to think about it.
At that time, the story of the picture that Yonesan took with Hosono in the country, that is the story of Yonesan being a very young beautiful boy, and Hosono being so indulged in the countryside, so why not hide it? I couldn't say that it was my wife, but the rice made a lot of noise in the middle of the night, so when I stood in the darkness naked and made Matsuchi a sword, I was surprised and the rice struck / The story of \ and his naked body "Maruhadaka" sliding down from his shoulder, and then when he was young, he went to peep at the daughter of the neighboring village he fell in love with, fell into a ditch, and became a half-body wet rice. Amazing / \ On the way home, it's winter, so the kimono is icy, * [# "Koromohen + top", 4th level 2-88-9] * [# "Koromohen + bottom", 4th level 2-88-10] I often laughed when I talked about the story.
Along with that, K also thought of a room adjacent to the horse room in the countryside. It's about sleeping on the night when his husband, including Yonesan, got married for the first time, where they heard the sound of kicking the siding of a horse all night, which became the seed of their story again. .. But when I think about it, it's no longer laughing. This is because after Yonesan's death, a man must have sneaked into Yahari and sneaked into it, which must have become a garden of pleasure with his superior. Also, after his son Kiyozo grows up, it will be a room for a fun night of newlyweds. And the horse must still kick the siding. When I came to think about it, I felt like I didn't know if K would like to laugh or sadly.

[# 9 indentation] Three [# "three" is the middle heading]

The story of the sword moved K's heart again.
The sword-a sword that the young man who sent the letter borrowed from Toranosuke's son and performed a sword dance at the youth association, which is certainly a sword with the inscription of Seki Kanehide. It's not a very good business, and the decorations aren't great either, but at the time of the Sino-Japanese War, K went to Kudanshita's swordsman as a farewell to Toranosuke's conquest. I bought it and gave it to him.
K was able to think of his youthful appearance at that time. I was also able to depict what it was like at the time when I was nervous about the first war with a foreign country. K was 256 at that time. There is nothing to give to each other, but I can't do much as a student. I had no choice but to buy a sword and give it to him, and then went down to Kudan. It was a big sword dealer. It's gone now, but the structure is big and the store is fine. There, K was in trouble when he was shown a very expensive sword. I wanted something for a couple of yen, but I didn't have one. I thought I'd go home because I had no choice, but I didn't have much art, so when I finally talked about it, my husband, who was tempted by the mood of war and was a little excited, said, "Is it Sauifu? .. Then let's raise one cheaper. Instead, there is no decoration. ”He stood up and brought out a sword from the back.
"I like this one. I like it even in many Sekis. ”He said, showing me the sword score and so on. K was willing to give it away, and holding it, Iroha in Kojimachi visited Toranosuke-kun, who had an inn discount at the back of the beef shop, and gave it to him.
Toranosuke was very pleased
"I like this, I like this"
Saying that, I removed the scabbard and shook it with Riu / \.
"What is that sword?"
Mashiko said from the side of the road.
"Sauda ... So isn't it interesting? It's interesting because the children are good at swinging the sword. "
"That's right"
"As time goes by, interesting things will come out gradually."
"How many years will it be? 』\
"It will be 256 years"
"It's early"
Mashiko thought about it as "actually". Yonesan's face was drawn again in the woman's eyes.
"How did you get to know the Saifu people?" 』\
"That's interesting again. I went to Tokyo at 16 and went to Kojimachi Bancho's cram school to learn English. Rabbit. Where do you hit it? I think it's behind the street where Fujimiken is now. I have no idea what it is because it's completely changed, but it's all over there. It was a small cram school, but there was a person named Buntaro Nishino who stabbed Minister of Education Mori. That person was an English teacher and often taught spelling mysteries, but one day there suddenly three students from the countryside came to learn English. Do something like a wild scarf ... That's those guys. "
"Speaking of which, I've heard it someday ..."
"I talked to talk many times ... And that's the hot spring with willows in Shiomachi, Yotsuya, though it's still there. The owner said that it belonged to Yahari, so I stayed on the second floor there, and since there was only one way back, I just became acquainted. "
"that's strange"
"It's strange to really think about it."
K had a look back on the distant past.
He felt like a mountain village buried in snow was floating in front of his eyes. It was strange that only that mountain village could be seen in the vast land of Japan, especially deeply impressed by him. From the deep snowy mountains, they were urged by a young hot heart, a young hot heart buried in the countryside, and a young hot heart that was dying. With some money, he stepped on the snow and left his hometown from midnight to dawn. Yahari The feeling of being unsatisfied with mediocrity and monotony at any time and the young curiosity of wanting to know the world were the vortex of a tomoe in the mountains. Yonesan was particularly scholarly, and at that time he had already made seven words and wrote a poem about Yuushi leaving his hometown. Toranosuke had a good picture. They let K talk about the mountains and rivers of his hometown.
The tragedy of the Yahari people's world is also present in the mountain village, the smoke of the mountain village buried in the snow, and the tragedy of the Yahari people. It was hot. Suddenly, when K was arsonized by Shigeemon, it was thought that he had been there for about half a month and stayed there.
He stayed at the house of Eisuke, the richest of the three. It's just about to reach the high mountain west of the village, and from there, it's separated from the rice fields and fields, and the three peaks of the long whale's spine. It looked like a round figure was picked up. K thought about Chinese poetry and wrote songs there. His skinny, long-haired, pale face, sometimes leaned against a pillar, sometimes turned to a desk, and sometimes bored, roaming around them without humor. At the time of the fire turmoil of Sugi no Mori and Shigeemon, which can be seen nearby, a red flame and a tremendous black smoke swirled behind the black forest, but during that time, Yonesan and Toranosuke were there. Who would have thought at that time that a grave would be built and turned into a pile of soil?
At that time, Eisuke's father was also fine and welcomed him and K. As expected, only the people who made wealth in one generation were the ones who knew the world, the humanity, and the things well, and he took care of everything from the village to the housework by himself. Even if Eisuke escaped to Tokyo or made an unconventional ambition and spent money, he didn't say a big word, but he had no property at home. Eisuke wasn't free yet. It is said that his father was a prodigal person who was left behind in the village, just like Shigeemon Yahari when he was young. In addition, he was in trouble and stole the money in the guard box, so he was hit by the villagers. Toranosuke, who has a family background, often told K that he hated his rich side, but even if he had a previous life, Eisuke's father would be angry. K saw that he had a good spirit. His father was one who was not satisfied with Yahari Village. Issa's phrase says, "Is it the cold of today, called a starling?" But as one of the starlings, his father went out to Edo, a pawn shop, and a moneylender. He was a servant and worked bravely when he was young. Then, fifty years ago, he returned to the village and became rich enough to look back on those who laughed at his predecessor.
When he broke up, his father was politely taught the way from Kusatsu to Ikaho, but his kindness was still thought to be "Yes / \" in K's head. It was.

[# 9 indentation] 4 [# "4" is the middle heading]

During my stay, there was another story besides the events of Shigeemon. I thought I would write it someday, but I didn't have the opportunity to write it until today, but that day, the whereabouts of the farmer of the peasant family along the river in the village became unknown. I don't know where I am. Of course, there is no evidence of going out to Tokyo or other hometowns, and there is no other reason to run away from home. The house has a lot of money and rice fields, and there are about ten boys. People wondered, looking for Iro / \, but no trace of it was found anywhere.
However, there was only one thing that made people tilt their heads. It means that he has a man. Of course, that's a common win in the countryside, and for a long time it's been an open secret. So, that shouldn't mean that you'll die or leave a trail. However, people couldn't figure out the cause without thinking about it, so they said, "I'm sick of it." Gradually, the farmer's living condition became clear. The farmer was very fond of the ten-year-old boy, but a few days before he disappeared, he thought that he was not his true child. It was.
After that, it was said that he didn't go out to the strays, he should have eaten, he could only enter in one room, and he was reluctant to see people's faces. As a result, this is by no means a ghost. He must have gone somewhere in the mountains and died. I couldn't leave it alone, so I decided to leave the house in the village one by one and form a corps to search the mountains and forests in the neighborhood. People made what they wanted to see, brought out old conch shells, borrowed temple kane, and walked from mountain to mountain. The place where the village is located is not a very deep mountain, but Mdake rises to the north, and from the foot of the village to the half-belly, there are deep jungles, bears and wild boars. I couldn't easily find the trace of the disappearance even if I searched for it. The search team finally asked and stopped the business without stopping.
Neither Yonesan nor Toranosuke joined the corps, but Eisuke was hunted for a day, walked in the mountains as much as Sanri, and became sick of the sun. I came back.
"It's a great mountain. I don't think Mt. M is so deep. No matter how much you look for that, you shouldn't know. "
In other words, Eisuke took off the straw shoes bitten by cliffs and stones on the porch.
While K was staying, the story could not be resolved, but when Yonesan came to Tokyo a few years later, the following year or after the snow disappeared, the village When one of them goes into the mountains to collect dead branches, a black one comes down in front of him. He retreated as a guilty man, but when he looked closely, he said he was the farmer.
At that time, K loved reading things such as Turgenev's, so I felt that the story was a kind of psychological novel, so I compared it with Russian peasants and thought about it. Some time later, the story was considered in connection with Moupatsusan's "Motsushiyu, Paran".
The death of Mr. Yonesan, etc., may be similar to the death of this farmer.
At the very least, Yonesan was a person who suffered from gender problems. He always spoke to K. "In the countryside, living with a 嬶, there is nothing interesting about it. Besides, it's no good because I was born into a small human being who is too weak to be a peasant. " Yonesan's departure to Tokyo was sometimes called an academic discipline, but he must have suffered from family problems more than that. The problem of Mr. Ue vs. the man must have bothered him very much. He somehow wanted to get out of the countryside and get a tatsuki [# "tatsuki" side point] to live in Tokyo.
What kind of wind did Yonesan die? Rumor has it that it has hit the lungs, but what is it? Wasn't the fate of having to re-enter the painful life of the countryside the cause of his death?
Then there is one more interesting thing. It's the story of the old man of the confectionery shop and water truck industry, which is located on the bridge of the M river that runs through the village. This old man was in the 60th place at that time. It was the man who was the owner of Yanagi no Yu in Yotsuya Shiocho, as I said earlier, but he was the one who went out to Edo from a young age and earned some money. On top of that, he was a very young petite woman, compared to her old age compared to her grandfather's age. The departure is from this village of Yahari, but since I was out around Hachimachibori in Tokyo from my daughter's time, I was somehow sick and was a sudden Edo-style woman. When K first visited the village, they left their home in Tokyo last year or so and came home with money to build a beautiful home, where they would look good in the countryside. I lived an unbelievable life. Mr. Ue often played the shamisen.
K often went out to play there during his stay.
Mr. Ue spilled his current life,
"Mr. K, I'm definitely going to Tokyo in the near future. It's hard to live in the mountains / ″ \ …… It's not worth living to live like this. Still, if you go to Tokyo and buy stocks of a bathhouse, you can live as much as you want. ”
"But, why don't you come back to the countryside for fun?"
"But far from being easy, I really don't like it anymore."
It was a mess. When she pulled up Tokyo, she was deceived by her grandfather and said, "Nah, I'm going to the country for a year or two." It was. However, a few years later, the old man died, and after 45 years, a middle-aged man in the countryside said that he was a concubine, and finally a mistress was born on the riverside. It was said that the store of "Bata" was closed. K recalled hearing the woman's shamisen on a snowy night.

[# 9 indentation] 5 [# "5" is the middle heading]

When I think of Toranosuke, K's eyes are the dormitory near the Ueno stop, the black gate on the left side of Kanda's Nari Kaido, and the room on the third floor of Atago Shitamachi. I came. As in the letter sent by the boy, K saw a woman always surrounding Toranosuke-kun in an era when he had a black crested haori and a black hair. .. He was so terrified that he couldn't help doing the troublesome scholarship. He turned his attention to the chemical dyeing technique that was popular at that time, and spent quite a lot of money on it, and he was taught the dyeing by Mr. N, a charlatan. He was twenty-one, and he was completely captured by the world, greed, and women. By the time he was at the charlatan's house, he went to Yoshiwara almost every night, and was still unsatisfied, so he had a relationship with the daughter of a nearby brush shop, which later went to Nagano. It was said that he went over.
However, the one that leaves the most fluffy impression in K's head to this day is the high-class boarding house on the third floor of Atago Shitamachi, and although there is still only that house, there are 267. He was a tall and beautiful woman who didn't even have a concubine and a business person. What did that woman do? What happened to that big eye that I couldn't put without slaughtering that person? Even now, K was able to think of Hatsuki and the first floor of the third floor. When I begged for guidance at the uphill end, a beautiful daughter Yahari, who was awakened to her sister, came out and guided him to the third floor. Then, there is a big mirror on the second floor up the ladder, and the pale nervous face with his hair extended is reflected in it. That was somehow different for K. In particular, the face of my daughter was reflected first, and then his face was reflected. Then, go up the stairs to the third floor again. Above, there is a six-mat room and a beautiful room that is open on all three sides, and there is a beautiful older woman with big eyes and Toranosuke-kun, whoever sees them as a couple. I lived in a pretentious manner.
The woman always recommended K to the big flashy muslin of Yuzen muslin.
Even if I think about it today, I don't know why the woman dealt with Toranosuke-kun's nasty man, but Toranosuke-kun also has a very bad molecule, and he is a young man. It may have been that there was an assimilation power or a Zigoma-style handicraft that developed during the period, and that a beautiful woman who was just too much was attracted to her side. Toranosuke was no longer a redneck at that time. The kimono and belongings were excellent, the attitude was somewhat uplifting, and if you looked like a wealthy farmer in the countryside, there were places where no one was suspicious. It might have been possible to hit the curtain with that. K often picked up Hanafuda together there.
There must be a picture taken with the woman and Toranosuke-kun. To that end, the woman was very sullen, and Toranosuke was unpleasantly photographed as a man, but the young K looked at it * [# "eyes + 爭", 3rd level 1-88-85]. I have seen it. K wondered how interesting it would be if the photo remained in the countryside's photo box to this day and could be seen again.
However, it was because of everyone's reason that Toranosuke-kun was able to follow the path that he had taken, and he was the most talented of the three, and he also had the ability to assimilate with the urban people. Strong, ambitious, curious, and hungry to be buried in the countryside, or to say that he was prosperous in the past and is now recovering his former unlucky family luck. I was always enthusiastic about it, so I went on to say that it was a business that I had done, and then I fell into an irreplaceable abyss.
The human being is a mysterious thing. Whether you die early or late, all you have to do is die. Even for Toranosuke, he had a lithe life in the pre-mortem of his miserable death in the latter half of his life. Another beautiful woman was breathing with him. Then, a few years after the Sino-Japanese War, a few years of annoyed life without being dealt with by villagers, a few years of roaring animals in a cage, and finally a miserable and miserable death. I went with my soul.
However, when he started a new business of Kogyokan and Ifu Chemical Staining in Nagano, it was actually thriving. All the villagers believed in him and became shareholders of that capital. He used to go back and forth between Nagano and his hometown in a soft way, always with a car and a sword. The daughters of the village sent off all eyes * [# "eyes + 爭", 3rd level 1-88-85].
The abacus, which is one of the many abacus used at that time, the abacus with the owner of Nagano Kogyokan written on the back, and the only child, Kiyozo, brought it to the desk of the night school. Then, when I thought about learning the abacus or doing something with it, K couldn't think of the days gone by and the days of the newly grown boys.
"Hurray for the new era! 』\
Kau K cannot be helped without screaming.
Because of the new era, I couldn't help but hope to be healthy. The boy who sent the letter. Also, Mr. Kiyozo, who is a member of the same school as the boy, and Mr. Xiaomi. In front of you, the era will soon come. The waves of life will come tremendously. Now, you too will encounter various destinies in the same way as Toranosuke and Yonesan. Pleasure is also coming. The sorrows are coming. Each person's destiny quietly walks up in front of you. And, sadly and happily, or spicy, I feel like I've really lived in the corner. You will discover a world that is completely different from the romantic world that you thought of when you were a boy. The taste of Yonesan-kun will come to an end with a tragedy. Even in the tragic end of Mr. Toranosuke, I will be able to sympathize with him from the bottom of my heart. The heart of Mr. Ue, a confectionery shop of Hino Kawazoe, can be swallowed well. In addition, the heart of an old farmer who died in the forest and the heart of Shigeemon who walked on fire can be deeply considered. And at that time, the snow piles up like Yahari. A large icicle "Tsura" hangs down to the eaves. Nostalgic boys. K pondered and read the long letter over and over again.

[# 9 indentation] 6 [# "6" is the middle heading]

Why don't you visit the grave of Toranosuke, who remembers the old days, and worships at Zenkoji Temple, which is the best in the three countries? The letter says that there is nothing, but soba is also a treat. K felt more and more nostalgic.
K was invited by Mr. Yonesan or Mr. Toranosuke in the same way as Yahari. Toranosuke often made K about the story of the ordination platform of Zenkoji. Yonesan is also Yonesan, and there is a song that says, "Tou of Zenkoji / \ Nembutsu | If you say ten" to "to ten", it will become a golden Buddha "Kanabotoke". He said that he should take a breath or not without breathing, and showed it to him with all his might, and made K and K's wife Masuko laugh. In fact, both K and Mashiko remembered the song, and somehow, on the long nights of autumn, they laughed at it with their children.
K was guided by Mr. Yonesan and Mr. Eisuke, and visited Zenkoji for the first time. It was a return trip from Lake Nojiri to Togakushi, and everything went to the E-ya in front of the gate, where the teachers of Ifu stayed. And on the next day, I took a hand-shaped photo at a photo shop on the second floor overlooking the rice fields on the back road, saying that it was a memorial. The photo is still in K's photo box, but the kids turned it over and said, "Oh, this is my dad. "Is it similar?", And I imagined the old days in a mysterious way.
Besides, the famous soba noodles in the area, K was often a treat. Eisuke-kun's boss was particularly good at it, and during his stay he often ate it and ate it. K went again and thought that it would be even more fun if the boys were treated to the soba noodles they made.
However, for K, the mountain village, the mountain village buried in the snow, was not just the old impression of the old days, the impression that I saw when I was a young man. The boys who wrote the letter didn't know that K had spent the night there 56 years ago, hitting the snowy weather and visiting Eisuke-kun at the house. Also, I didn't know that I met Mr. Ue, a confectionery shop on the banks of the river at that time.
At that time, K sent a telegram to Eisuke-kun the night before and got off the train at the Mure stop near Akatsuki. It was a cold and cold morning. Besides, it was too early, so even if I wanted to close the door everywhere in front of the stop and take a rest, I couldn't find any place. There was no way to do it, so K walked along the river and cliffs along the wandering road he used to go through when he was a young man. The magnificent view of the snow of Kurohime was indescribable. However, from the middle of the day, a blizzard suddenly hit, and by the time he passed through Kurai Toifu Village, the blizzard umbrella was of no use, and K walked as if he was buried in the wind and snow.
Even so, what happened to Kurai's S and Ifu rich man? I wonder if Yahari is still rich and prosperous. Yahari's son once came to Tokyo in the same way as Yonezo and Toranosuke at that time, but suddenly he came to K's house, so K's mother was worried. Then, I was guided to an inn, but the inn is still in Tokyo.
Then, K entered the nostalgic village. However, it was not easy to find Eisuke's house. The same house was here and there. I couldn't understand it even if I heard it. It wasn't supposed to be like that, but I thought it should be easy to understand, but maybe because a lot of new houses were built, or because the memories of the old days became vague, by the time I found Eisuke's house. It took me an hour.
Finally, I went in once. The Taike, the dead Taike of Shigeemon, was still in its original state, and the surrounding area was filled with deep snow.
When I asked for guidance, the one who came out was Mr. Eisuke, who I will never forget.
It seems that Mr. Ue also remembers
"Mr. K from Tokyo. Well ... "
The word was accepted.
Eisuke came out soon. As they grew older, half of them became white-headed, but they still didn't change their mood. I received K in good condition.
Of the three, Eisuke was the most mediocre, and he was so common sense that he had never changed until then. Also, the number of people going to Tokyo was very small compared to the other two. At the very least, he was the property of his father's savings, and he could afford to live his life comfortably or intimidatingly.
However, Yahari, in the midst of the fierce tide of life, could not have escaped the significant change, according to the boy's letter, the property left by his father also became the village mayor. Or maybe you've done something and you've just died.
However, when I visited K 56 years ago, I thought that there was something lonely in my house and I wasn't feeling well in the old days. K never dreamed of attacking the house. In a house buried in snow, K spent the night there with a kotatsu, a treat with local sake, and a soba noodle.
In the morning, K
"I want to visit the graves of Yonesan and Toranosuke."
Speaking to Eisuke Kau,
"Can you go? 』\
"What are you doing? 』\
"The snow is deep ..."
"Is it so deep?"
"Winter is no good. It's completely buried. Even if you go there, it's hard to understand where the grave is. 』\
"Sakane"
"Hey, the mountains are no good in winter anymore. Wherever you go, it's snow. Well, I have to do it in April-- "
Because there was no way to do it, K thought about going to the temple.
However, he did not know the grave. The year after Yonesan died, K got off at Kashiwabara Station on his way home from his trip to the north, visited Issa's tombs and traces, and then came here over the mountains. It was a terrible road. It was just after the rain or something, and he ended up on the road of Nisato with all the red shoes he bought before going on a trip. The honey [# "emphasis mark"] went up to the top of the pants of the clothes. At that time, Eisuke was absent, so he went to Yonesan's house, had his boss guide him, and stood in front of the clay head in the back of the temple.
At that time, Toranosuke was still alive and was in a cage with a terrible roar all day long.
"What did Kumeko do?"
Suddenly, K asked Eisuke-kun.
"Durable"
"Did you make money with money?"
"I can't make much money! 』\
"Yahari, are you over there?"
"Eh"
"What about Mr. Ue? 』\
"Working with Masashi Yahari"
"You can be patient. Certainly, it's Nerima in Tokyo. "
"Quail? 』\
This prince was also one of the villagers who often came to K's house when Yahari and Yonesan came to Tokyo. Before living with K's house, Yonesan went to the house of Kakuko and went to school from there. It was a small house with only three rooms in the back of Haramachi, Ushigome, but at one point it seemed that he could manage the family by himself after succeeding in the milk industry. The woman born in Nerima, who became her boss, was dedicated to the house of a soldier in the neighborhood, who often delivers milk every morning, or something. When Yonesan stayed there, he often went to the house when he saw the free time. I came. Therefore, I heard that I had spoken to him a couple of times.
"No matter where I go, I'm just a young man and a woman, and I'm not studying at all."
Kau Yonesan often spilled on K when he came.
Since he was with the woman, milk didn't go well either, so at one point he borrowed capital from the country and formed a futon, but I don't think that's the case, so Tsuhi At that time, Mr. Ue said that he would like to get a divorce if he lived in the countryside in the mountains for the rest of his life. I had a problem with it. When I thought that Mr. Ue would continue to work in this mountain 20 years later, K couldn't help but feel strange. Sama / "\'s life. Actually Sama /" \'s life.
"What about children? 』\
"There are already five people, I'm sure"
"I wonder if it's so hot"
"It's early"
K is considered,
"I want to see him too"
"Isn't it possible to meet you? 』\
"Is it a problem?"
"It's a loss to people to start a hot spring a couple of years ago ...
"Onsen is interesting, is there a place with such hope in this neighborhood?"
"What a, Chiyara no Hoko [#" Chiyara no Hoko "is an emphasis mark]"
"But it's funny, isn't it?"
"A little more, I don't like the sea urchin, it's a mineral spring, so don't boil it."
"Is the house also going to the calyx?"
"The sword fittings, I've burned my hands completely"
K came from Kumeko and thought of a big man who said that he had lent money to Yahari at that time.
"Sora, I wore big glasses ..."
"Who is it?"
It was a wind that I couldn't think of it as Eisuke-kun, but when Iro / \ K spoke, it seemed to be confusing.
"Ah, is that a regular official? 』\
"Everything I said was fixed, I had a small amount of money, the interest was cheap, and the collection was not strict, so I had a good reputation, but one night I lost the gambling, and then I became completely desperate. He said that it was painful for him to suddenly lose his gambling in the village, and he came to Tokyo, searched for the right concubine, and said that he wanted to start doing something at that time ... "
"That's right"
"What did you do now?"
"What happened? I told Nagano about five years ago, but now no one knows where I went. "
"There are things that are different even in a small village."
Kau K couldn't be said.
When returning, Eisuke said that he would send it halfway, put on his cloak, and walked with him. Fortunately, the day was sunny and the weather was so nice that it was rare in winter. The M river flowed beautifully in the sunlight.
The snow shining / \ was gradually coming to this side of the mountainside road, but when he came to a certain corner, Eisuke stayed and
"That's the hot spring of Kumeko."
"Which one? 』\
"I can see a house in the other corner. That is. It has been said for a long time that hot water comes out here, and there is little snow in winter, but it's no good to see it or Yahari. "
"Is there still a little hot spring?"
"I will come out to get out. What a fuss when I started. I asked the prefectural office for analysis or did something. And it was popular for a while. Even the Nagano newspaper exaggeratedly wrote or did something about the hot springs in Village A. "
"If you've done it until then, you'll have to go somehow."
"It's warm, so it's no good. If this is real hot water, it would be difficult. "
"So, sir, it's a translation to say that I lost my precious money."
"Well, the teacher can't do anything, so I'm sorry to lose, but for that reason, there are a couple of people who have reduced their mortgage by half. Because the teacher is delicious, the mouth is ... "
"It's a translation that was put on well like Toranosuke-kun's time."
"Not so much, but ..."
"Are you the one who lost?"
"Well, I lost a little."
Eisuke laughed at the words.
So, the two gradually approached the place where the house was. As it was, there was little snow around it, and the soil was visible, and withered reeds fell down vertically and horizontally. K was invited by Eisuke-kun, and the bathtub-it's not a big one, but the villagers gathered there for a while at the corner / \ Gidayu screamed K saw that the house, which was supposed to be sung, was completely devastated, and the bathtub was filled with bronze-colored water lonely.
"When is that? 』\
Kau K asked.
"Last year, it's been another year, but ..." I thought about it a little, and said, "No matter what, the village stuff is in trouble because it does something unusual. No matter what, unlike other villages, it seems that there are a lot of people who are sick. "
"It seems to be awesome"
"Even if you see it, I'll be happy. Compared to that, Imokawa and Kurai's things are earning and working steadily. "
"Yahari, it's a place where there are a lot of unpleasant human beings who can't go to the countryside ..."
"It's a bad feeling"
Eisuke came out from there.
I went to the end of the village, where they broke up.

[# 9 indentation] Seven [# "Seven" is the middle heading]

Village A, who is buried in deep snow in the low hills and goes past winter, was pondered by K's head even after 56 days had passed since he received the letter. ..
It was also considered in the mysterious relationship, and also in the village where people with special characteristics live. Or if you lived there all the time, if you had the opportunity to come and go there at least once a year, even if it wasn't all the time, you might think that it would be very difficult to stand out, such as Yonezo and Toranosuke. It may have been interesting to me, but when I touched it, it always evoked the impression of K, and I saw the rough eyes of a wide life. It seems to arouse the feeling of being seen in front of. K repeatedly remembered the encounter at an English cram school in Kojimachi.
Although I couldn't understand the letter in a simple way, K thought that there was a story about the fact that Eisuke had exhausted his family. I also thought that deep tears would be wrapped around the body of Eisuke-kun, who has no children. Murei, Imokawa, Kurai, especially the lively life of the drunkards I saw during the trip near the Murei stop, the woman who put on the white powder that made a noise on the kotatsu board. Isn't there a story that is linked to the one that was made? Or Eisuke was said to be steady, common sense, mediocre, and rigid. Did you feel that it was flowing backwards? As a keeper of money, you may have thought that it was boring to follow a mediocre rhythm from parent to child and from child to grandchild. In particular, if you look at a child who doesn't know the taste of things, K's imagination is by no means an unreasonable imagination.
It is not possible to simply say who is happy, who is unhappy, who is a genius, and who is common sense. Therefore, it cannot be said that the death of Yonesan and Toranosuke are simply unfortunate. You can't understand unless you stand and see it for the rest of your life. You can't tell unless you look at it after it's completely gone. In fact, Eisuke-kun, who was said to be the best of the happy people, has become a person who does not know what to expect now. The boy who sent the letter or the boys is Yahari. It's a mysterious life. It's a laid-back life.
"Happiness to the boys--" K pondered and drew the snow-buried mountain village in his head again.



Bottom book: "Sadamoto Hanabukuro Complete Works Vol. 22" Rinkawa Shoten
Issued on February 10, 1995 (Heisei 7)
Parent of the bottom book: "Crape Myrtle" Modern Masterpiece Bunko Publishing Association
Issued on December 18, 1922 (Taisho 11)
First appearance: "New novel, No. 23, No. 2"
Issued on February 1, 1918 (Taisho 7)
Input: tatsuki
Proofreading: Satoru Tsumurata
Created July 30, 2019
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (https://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
