Get into the Dirty Mountain
Ango Sakaguchi

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Forgiveness << Iinazuke >>

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) In addition |

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) Tere [# Emphasis mark on "Tere"]

/ \: Double dance character (repeated symbol in the shape of a vertically lengthened "ku")
(Example) Still / \
-------------------------------------------------- -----

The daughter's father was a businessman who built up a position and wealth equivalent to his own power. Although it looks like a gorgeous person, he is actually a very small good man. At first glance, he was a man who couldn't make a big thing after all because he noticed too much detail and was too tied up behind him, but he could row to a considerable extent but couldn't become a first-class big man.
When the story of marriage was decided by the daughter and the young man of the other party was also selected, this good father was disgusted by his daughter's wife, Iinazuke, who was too much an examiner. I was originally a young man who I chose and liked, but even though the date of marriage has been set, my eyes to try the young man will not rest someday. Now I noticed various hidden hearts of the young man.
The young man was also a man with a gorgeous appearance. It is unavoidable that many raw complications are hidden in the young man's mind compared to the old man who is nearing the end of his work, but this young man is ugly because the appearance is too big and ugly. He was a man who had a more harsh nerve than his daughter's father, because he could see through the elderly.
The young man did not try to hide it every time he saw the true intention behind him, but instead exposed it. At times, he is willing to be inward [# "emphasis mark"], but he deliberately exaggerates what has been spotted. The humorousness of the young man was an unavoidable tendency of this person, and although he had no other intentions, this was the seed that afflicted his daughter's father.
The father of the daughters of those who are worried about the thoughts of the inner hearts was surprised that their secret eyes were transmitted to the young man's intuition as soon as the wind blew, but the heart was found out. The attitude of a young man who does not try to hide is thought to be a challenge to his own weakness, and it is implied that this old man is just a small person who can not accept the complicated heart behind human beings. Alluding to the ridiculous ridicule, I can't help but remember the frenzy. Therefore, the old man considered various measures to imply that he was not so small-minded, but he missed the opportunity to do what he thought, and sometimes he tried to do it, but he was a poor expression. In short, the heavy debt of the heart has made it possible to create a deep groove in the heart of the young man who talks with him.
One night, the old man was a little too drunk, but he finally took the young man to the cafe. It was also the most dubious store near the old man's residence. The old man suddenly hugged the woman. Like a person who usually manages such a thing, he tries to put his hand in the crotch of a woman in front of a young man who is disappointed, but one after another While he was running away, this person seemed to be completely upset. He grabbed a wad of two hundred yen. Now, for each woman who forgives it, she tries to give 10 yen to her daughter's daughter-in-law. The young man smiled with a calm face, but the next morning the old man's hangover "Futsukayo" had a hangover on his head, but he forgave his child, but the young man's laughing face was entwined with the most frustrating thing in the world. It was coming.
The adolescents and the elderly were exhausted from each other, but for some reason the young man's heart was exhausted from the upcoming marriage, even though it should be completely different from that. I was tired. I was completely disappointed in my marriage. Yes, I didn't have any other lover, and even though I wasn't the woman I originally thought about, I wasn't a reluctant wife, but for some reason I was completely disappointed. It was in a state where there was no help for it.
The youth's father fell ill when he was still a boy. That is, he was raised in the hands of his mother, who is a very rough woman. However, he is not a person who does not notice the details. Although the child's mind can be seen more than usual, he was completely silent without paying much attention to it. It seemed that the young man, who was a full-fledged young man, should naturally show his face to the lewd world, with a face that was not related to the child's play.
I don't know what the cause was, but my mother noticed that her son's feelings gradually began to move away from her daughter-in-law, but this mother even tried to keep silent. It is said that there are many examples of lovers comrades in the world, so I affirm the general phenomenon, so even if my son is starting to move away from his wife, this is the fate of the general public. It was like a son who was silent. Now, just as there are many people in the world who have to marry an unhappy woman who doesn't like it, I thought it would be unavoidable if my son's marriage had to proceed in that way. It's a thing. If a man dislikes his wife, he may call him a playboy, and then a woman must endure sadness, some women cannot endure it, neither a man nor a woman can be happy in the world. This mother was pondering. One day when she quietly left her mother's chest, she suddenly leaked something to her son.
"Marriage is not as important in life as young people think. A man is one wife who is not a woman."
But no one may pray for the happiness of his son as much as such a mother, and not because the mother said this, of course, but for the sad fifty years of this man. I wondered if his life would be like a monument to that sadness, because his son was a mother and child who usually had no connection between their hearts, thinking only about what they were doing at that time. At that time, I felt a particularly sad feeling. This wasn't the case, but there was a sign that my mother's dark obedience thought was sneaking up on the heart of my son, who had a very strong will.
The daughter had a tendency to fall in love with the young man as the only man day by day. There is no doubt that the heart of the young man who has begun to chill out will not be read. However, perhaps because he is unfamiliar or because of his courage, he does not try to conclude the man's heart from there, but accepts all of the man as it is, and the man is sad. When I was sad, I thought about it in a different way. I became so fond of young people. But her instinct gradually made the person negative, sinking, laughing, strangely sharpening, and beginning to plant that kind of hysterical expression.
At that time, the young man began to play more violently than when he was the most empty in the past. One of my friends, who always accompanies Sauifu Evil Places, was a man who began to pour his greatest love into the weaknesses of the human heart, searching for the good.
"You have too much ambition. You look too much at yourself."
A friend said to the young man with a cool eye of the criticized demon.
"The reason why I lost my fever in marriage is not because of my daughter or my daughter's father, but in fact, it's totally different from marriage, in the hope of your dream. How about thinking that you are hidden at a ridiculous distance in your heart that is too mournful? "
Continue to say words again.
"You are the one who can't love others after all, because you love yourself too much. Sometimes, sometimes you're so desperate for yourself. Your heart is proof that you love yourself too much. Yo "
Therefore, he made such a conclusion and made a statement.
"Until you get married. In short, every woman is the same for you, all you need is to abandon the unrelenting love and other humanity that tends to glare at your eyes. It's about seizing the opportunity. In other words, getting married is nothing more than seizing that one opportunity. Now you have to strengthen your self-esteem. You are the most ruthless to others. When you get used to, that is, when you can love yourself the most, then you end up being the most altruistic. "
The young man was not against it. He was just muttering like that.
"I haven't enough words yet. There are things I can't say in words. At the same time, there are things I can't say in words, so this is the reason why I shouldn't do it after all. Sauda "
At the same time, I noticed the young man in such a bad place, I sometimes feel self-responsibility, but in the end, when I tried to squeeze it, it was just something of my own. On the other hand, I felt it, and I didn't feel it for anyone else. In other words, he is nothing more than an empty imitation of inferiority from the conventions of the world.
Now, the story has thus come closer to what the author once told in this story, about the seemingly perverted adultery that is rooted in the heart of a young man.
It can be said that the young man's heart ran too youthfully, and that he ran too much meant that he sought too much sin. Too much seeking for sin was to search too much for the Atonement, and his too strong self-consciousness gave rise to the extreme thought that he could not feel salvation without the strong consciousness of the Atonement. It seems to be a thing.
To say only the result, he thought about raping his daughter-in-law before getting married.
The young man knew himself that his daughter had lost his special affection, but at the same time he had to know that his lust was not lost. If you want to get married, it's just for the sake of sexuality, or for the benefit of the future, but if there aren't enough women and profitable conditions to abstain from this marriage, then it's called marriage. The young man thought of the fate that things could no longer be passed on. However, this cheap idea was the first to blame him. In other words, he had no choice but to reflect on himself and think of the ugliness of his inner self.
Therefore, he thought that what saved his ugliness was not to hide it by the humanity of the ox, but to throw it away by thinking about the humanity of the ox. I thought about exposing my ugliness without decoration and forcing myself to seek sin.
At the same time, it is also true that he thought that he ran too much while himself. It is natural that all ugliness is hidden in the human heart, as long as all ugliness is once found only in your heart, but ugliness. There is no doubt that some of the actions that put it on the sword are something that is undeniable anyway, to the point that the form is simply negative. He thought that there was a kimono. At the same time, his bloody heart had a tendency to favor the exposure of ugliness. The brave man tried to make the mistake of rushing to the atonement.
The young man decided to try his own destiny by raping his daughter. He convinced me that exposing one's vices was the only way to save them. After all the work was done, I regretted what I should regret, and when I didn't regret it, I thought about moving forward.
At the same time, the above explanation may have been due to the author's overly elaborate kojitsuke [# "kojitsuke" as an emphasis mark]. At the same time, although there is a mistake in the explanation, it is a fact that the thought of the young man who tried to rape his wife was burned into his chest with the violent play of fire. The adolescent sometimes had sleepless nights because of his lust. By the way, it turned into a mysterious demon of emotion.
The young man finally took his daughter to the mountain all day long. Of course for the purpose of rape.
The area near Musashi Utaki is a series of ordinary mountains and mountains no matter where you go. It is normal that the small diameter of the lumberjack is not marked on the ordinary mountain. One of these mountains is Mt. Kogure, and the middle of the mountain is surrounded by a deep valley river and has become a sunny grassland with an area of about eight steps. In the center of this grassland is a log hut with a shape and ivy. This was designed by a dreamy philosopher who is a senior of a young man to keep a cow in this grassland and become the king of cows himself, but before he realized this dream, he went down the mountain and yes. For example, he lost to poverty and had to escape from a dreamy hut to a countryside teaching platform, and the ruins were still clearly in shape. The young man chose this lodge, which had collapsed in his dreams, as the destination for rape.
To get to this log hut, get off at one station of Ome Electric Railway, cross the Tama River, and then walk along the flow. Nearly one ri, from the place where there is a shrine with a raccoon dog in the shade of a dense tree to Tanigawa. Climb the mountain diameter along the mountain. Climbing Rokushichicho, you have to cross Tanigawa to the opposite bank with no diameter at a certain corner of Tanigawa, the place where you crossed is the foot of Mt. Suddenly, a sunny green meadow appears in front of me.
In order to reach Mt. Kogure, the torrent of Tanigawa must be negotiated. The shadow picture of the mysterious rape drawn on the young man's head lightly embraces his daughter's body at the bottom of a mysterious valley where the light does not reach, in order to circulate the torrent, and over the water that resembles the flow of a snake. It started from the point of crossing. At the same time, when I was actually at that point, the precise shadow puppets of the young man were scattered, and only the suffocating emotions shook my whole body.
In order to cross the Mazutani River, it was necessary to go through the difficult road process of going down to the bottom of the valley. Since it is closer to a cliff than a slope, it clings to the vines and crawls down on the roots of the shrubs, but in order to reach a depth where there is little light under the branches and leaves that intersect at the bottom of the dark valley. It takes a lot of effort for one man. Moreover, on the way to protect my daughter, the young man was more likely to forget the emotions of the stone than my daughter, and when I was exhausted, I was able to stand in front of the babbling forests of Tanigawa. The young man stared at the flow and told his daughter.
"It's Mt. Kogure from the place where I crossed this Tanigawa.
It was strange that I could say this word so frankly, but it is even more strange that the heart of the young man who says this word flows with the mercy of the guardian rather than lust. It was. The young man was exhausted. Now, only the continuation of the action that came down to protect the daughter was the most alive and moving in my heart, so it may have been possible to make an unseen and frank expression. The evidence suggests that the young man, while saying this, is actually exhausted, and although he has said it, he will start his actions while staring at the flowing water for a while. If it didn't come, the power would have come to the fore.
After a while, when the young man turned to his daughter, the daughter swallowed the young man's eyes as soon as he complained. It looked sad and seemed to disappear. At the same time, the young man acted like a monarch for that moment. The daughter grabbed her eyes and clung to the man's neck, but when she lifted her soft limbs in the face of the flow, the young man's subcutaneous body overflowed with something running like a rage, so she did not take off her shoes and was quiet. The young man, who had dropped his pair into the torrent, was crazy for a while after standing on the opposite bank and standing his daughter on the rock.
A strange phenomenon occurred here. Despite the fact that even more bold blasphemy than once touching the daughter's body seems to be possible, in reality the young man becomes courageous at the moment when he releases his hand from the daughter's body. I was mourning. It wasn't just courageous, he was afraid and uncomfortable as if he were looking at a taboo. Suddenly, I suddenly felt a sense of inferiority for rape that I had never thought of. In addition, there were various fragmentary regrets, angers, and sorrows that shimmered in the illusion.
The rape of the difficult road that climbs up to the eight steps of the grasslands on the hillside of Mt. Kogure, the young man could not finally say a word due to the interruption of his thoughts, but he appeared in the bright green grasslands of early summer. At that time, the idea of stopping and hitting his chest was a unilateral determination that he could never go down the mountain without carrying out an arrow rape.
The log hut in the grassland has an area of about 8 tsubo under the roof, but half of it, that is, 4 tsubo, is the exposed soil where the roof is simply supported by pillars. There was a hole in this dirt floor, and a hole was hung on it, which was, needless to say, the kitchen of this house. The remaining four tsubo is a living room and bedroom surrounded by logs on all four walls, and the style is a mix of Japanese and Western styles. As a person, the futon, books, and tableware were left in the same place as they were in the past. He escaped to the podium in the countryside with just one body, because he had a delusion that he sometimes crossed the Tanigawa river again. What surprised the young man when he arrived was that there were a lot of fresh goods that seemed to have lived until this moment, but the only thing that was lacking was the gutter from Haruka Tanigawa. The indispensable drinking water that was transmitted and guided was to dry up without flowing a single drop. Later, when I searched for the water source at the bottom of the valley, I found that the deciduous leaves were pinched at the water outlet.
Maruki's hut, full of toy dreams, couldn't bring her daughter's heart to the world of fantasy, because Tanikawa has been so nervous and intensified since she once was. Because it was only in the sky. Due to the mixture and tension of all emotions about what was to come, the daughter was intoxicated and fossilized while walking and talking, but the state of the daughter, who is already equal to that of the young man, is actually the heart of the young man. It made me feel as if I had been pushed into the heaviest feelings and into the holes without any clues. The young man was completely empty.
When they entered the hut, that is, when they were finally cut off from the eyes of the light, and when they somehow sat down on the built-in board chair, the bodies lined up side by side. Despite the distance of more than one inch between the body and the body, the young man's sensuality burns and becomes a torrent, as if the daughter's body temperature is all sucked through the most delicate sensory nerves, if one I was wondering if one of the tensions would break, and it would be a tremendous breath. It seems that a fragment of a precise lewd picture that was drawn strongly in my heart will appear until it comes, and it disappears, and the words that should be all done in one word flow away with my head, and I touch my daughter's body. If you think about the movement, you will feel the force majeure that the movement of one shaku is supposed to end, but on the contrary, it shrinks by one shaku.
It was transmitted to my daughter as well. My daughter is tired, condenses as soon as she disappears, and has no other action than exploring the space with her piercing eyes. If only one moving thing and a working thing were added, it would be all of the daughter. One inch of movement, one minute of movement, or even one word was enough. At the same time, the young man cannot do so.
The whole body of the young man was angry and went crazy. It immediately sprang up with a torrent of emotion. He tried to anger and shout the last word. When he stood up heavy and turned to his daughter and opened his lips, at the same time, the words changed to completely different words.
"Let's go outside. Let's walk a little in the mountains," he said. Suddenly he pushed the door open, appeared under the light, and couldn't stand without stretching.
The young man walked with a cane. He tells his daughter the origin of the lodge, the philosopher of the lodge, his aspirations to become the king of cows, and guides him to his most painstaking water source, in his mouth. I found a cup of dead leaves and got rid of them. Therefore, when they returned from the walk, the water supply of the log hut was also flooded with water. The two of them climbed a rocky mountain called Kuroyuriyama, which does not resemble the name. The mountain is a spectacular place with a spectacular view that stands out in this mediocre mountain wave. There were several opportunities on the way up there. Rather, the knot of the same heart of the two naturally created an opportunity. This creates a strange and irresistible feeling of being ahead of the curve. Well, I couldn't do anything at last.
On their way back, they had to cross Tanigawa again. The young man also looked at his daughter begging for mercy, and the daughter also looked at the young man begging for mercy, and thus the daughter clung to the young man's shoulders without force. The young man picked up his daughter. My daughter was dead. The young man was once again in a torrent of emotions, but his heart ran mixed with the pain and sadness of the crying man. On the way to the torrent, I should have used my turmoil to put my lips on my daughter's cheeks. At the same time, his one-sided neck can't help but stand upright unnaturally, as if it were a stiff stick. By the way, I ended up crossing the torrent in a huge stride.
By the sword of this adventure, the affection for the daughter was confirmed in the heart of the young man. He couldn't do his lust without drawing his daughter's body. The young man has come to expect this marriage every time he feels passionate about it. At the same time, it was an undeniable fact that I could not deny that there could always be innocent love in the hearts of young people in strange places in the world. However, at that time, when thinking about the body of his daughter, the young man was in a state of intenseness that he rarely felt the existence of innocent love and did not feel the need for that love, so for a while. Everything went smoothly. Thus the two got married.
The author does not know whether the lives of the two people were happy or unhappy after that. What the author knows is that, in this story, not only the youth but also the daughter was never particularly happy. Originally, love and happiness are not the same thing.



Bottom book: "Ango Sakaguchi Complete Works 01" Chikuma Shobo
May 20, 1999 (Heisei 11) First edition first print issued
Parent of the original: "Work Vol. 6, No. 1"
Issued on January 1, 1935 (Showa 10)
First appearance: "Works Vol. 6, No. 1"
Issued on January 1, 1935 (Showa 10)
* The bottom book is a large scale of "ga" (ward number 5-86) used for counting things and place names.
Input: tatsuki
Proofreading: Tokiya Ito
Created May 19, 2010
Revised May 20, 2011
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
