Cousins
Yuriko Miyamoto

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Both people << two >>

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Very | Fashionable

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) [# Indent from here]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

Twelve years ago, there was a girls' school called S in Tsukiji. There were students named Masako and Yoshiko in the first year group of the girls' school. I'm going to ask you to hear that there was a relationship between these two people and a friend of both of them, Tomoko.
Masako and Yoshiko are cousins and have lived in the same house since elementary school. Masako's father was a good scholar, but his body was weak, he died early, and his mother died soon, so the still small Masako is a pitiful lonely person. I have become a child. So, Yoshiko's parents, who are her uncle, raised her like her own child.
Masako grew up just like Yoshiko. They graduated from elementary school in the same year, entered the same school in the same year, and both of them were supposed to go on good terms with each other.
Yoshiko knew well that Masako was a poorer person than herself, so she was always sympathetic and for Masako's sake, so that she could live happily and happily. I was careful.
Thus, when both of them were real children, they passed without any complaints and no nasty things. But as they grew bigger, they both came to know a lot of things they didn't know before. It wasn't a little sad before, but nowadays I feel very sad, and suddenly I realize that a flower that I never thought was beautiful is beautiful and splendid. ――Everyone has a time to say that, and both of them have gradually come to say that.
Then, Masako felt lonely and painful that she was an orphan, which I didn't think so much until now. Of course, having no parents is truly unfortunate. However, no matter how much we cry or get angry, it can't be helped if somebody has died.
Also, I don't think that the fact that one of the people died does not mean that the parents and children have been completely separated. How pitiful your parents were when they left the cute Masako alone and died. Also, even after we are gone, we would have asked you to grow up and grow up with the right and respectable heart of God's joy. That wish and love should all be contained in Masako's heart.
Even for trees, if the parent tree falls old, new young shoots will surely come out from the side. Moreover, the human mind is much more delicate than trees and grass.
Therefore, the more I think of Masako's deceased parents, the more she will nurture the good and beautiful heart that she left behind in herself, so that she will become a truly respectable person. The first task was to keep in mind.
However, Masako didn't think so. First of all, as I noticed my poor body, I wanted to feel sorry for my friends.
[# Indent from here]
"Well, Masako is sorry, no father or mother is here ... What a pity! You'll be lonely, you'll have a lot of pain. "
[# End of indentation here]
I wanted to get it.
When Masako had that kind of feeling, the world suddenly looked like a gathering of painful, sad, and mean forgiveness.
It is the work of the heart to see and feel things. As soon as Masako has that kind of feeling, it is natural that anything can be seen and felt as she wishes. On that day, as usual, when lunch came, Masako looked lonely and went to the lawn behind the school building.
The back of the large school was a small hill, and on the hill there was always a lush old oak tree.
When the weather is nice, all the leaves shine in the sunlight, the grass of the lower moe fights in the wind, and the voice of a small bird singing under the influence of an invisible branch is tingling and fun. I sing so. The truly shining sun, trees and small birds are beautiful.
Masako also loved sitting under the clear high sky while being obsessed with those peaceful people.
Masako was sitting on the lawn, which is a regular place, and vaguely watching the white clouds floating and disappearing in the sky. After a while, someone hit her on the shoulder and was surprised. Looking back, Tomoko is standing there without even thinking about it.
"Well Tomoko"
"You're pretty warm here ... but you're alone? What happened to Yoshiko?"
"Yoshiko-san? Over there"
"Why did you leave me alone ... I'm the one ... I'm only saying this to you Masako-san ... I don't think it's too kind, I hate it."
Masako looked at Tomoko's face with a little surprise.
At that time, it was very fashionable ｜ Tomoko, who had a bunch of hair with her bangs cut down and put a big hairpin of bright red coral, bent her lips with crimson while bending her lips.
"What do you think of you?"
I asked for Masako's reply.
Masako and Yoshiko, who have lived like sisters since childhood, should have known each other better and deeper than Tomoko. Masako knows that Yoshiko is kind to her and is a good companion. Yoshiko isn't with her now because she's on duty and she's getting the specimens to use for her next science time with the help of her teacher. I knew that Masako should say, "Yoshiko is a kind person," but Tomoko stared at herself with two big eyes and said, " When I saw him doing that, Masako felt strangely weak and couldn't say what she thought.
"Yeah ... I don't know."
Masako turned her earlobe a little red.
"That's a refrain, Masako-san, there's no such thing as not knowing that you're at the same house. That person came out of elementary school with honors, right? Mr. Tsuda gave an answer. It was said that it was read, but it is a true individual. "
"Eh, Makoto. Yoshiko-san will be able to make Makoto."
"That's why it's so intimidating, I don't like it."
Tomoko laughed so unpleasantly that Masako was surprised and widened her eyes.
"I hate him the most in my class, and during this time, there will be a tree in the southern sky near the sewing room. When I was talking about various things there, what did I do? Heartlessly, I asked Yoshiko-san why you came to this school. Then, if that person? "
Tomoko glanced around the four sides.
"Because I want to be a great scholar! Masako-san is a scholar, I'm hohohoho, so I said that there is a female scholar, it's funny. Then Yoshiko-san suddenly said. Seriously, then you say. "
"Well, what did you say?"
"I? I said in a loud voice, I said, because this school can't be scolded even if you wear your favorite kimono!"
"What if?"
"Yoshiko was completely angry. He's a weirdo, he's not the place to show his kimono, he's the place to study."
Masako thought that Yoshiko was more correct. The school is not really used for advertising at kimono shops. However, Tomoko, who is two years older than everyone else, has a very rich family, and is always picked up by her husband, was the most fond of kimono in her class.
Tomoko says, "My father is so rich in Japan that I don't mind spending adult money." Tomoko says that while humans are alive, it is a luxury to buy with money. I thought it would be more fun than anything else. Therefore, from Tomoko's point of view, a person who wears a first-class kimono in the class has a first-class heart. Does Tomoko really have such a precious and respectable heart?
"Yoshiko-san hates me because of that. I'm sure you're not kind to me. In my heart, I'm sure you're looking down on you. Isn't kind to you, eh, Masako-san. "
"Not kind ... it's normal"
"Is that so,"
Tomoko made a suspicious look while aligning the long roasted kimono hakama on the purple hakama.
"Don't you think you're spicy? Isn't Yoshiko scolded, but you're the only one? Yoshiko is a true child, but you're not. I'm sorry ... I'm sorry, I'm sorry. My mother's mother was a stepmother, and I often say that it was still painful, so I sympathize with you. "
When I was told this, Masako, who was lonely and sad, became unbearable.
I don't think it's clear that Yoshiko is unfriendly, and I'm not saying that I've had a hard time. However, it's painful just to feel like it. As Tomoko says, I was unhappy, and Masako became lonely and sad for no reason.
Before I knew it, Masako was pleased to have sympathy for Tomoko. When sympathized, Masako came to her head,
"That's a very nasty thing."
However, I have tears.
"I think so too"
Tomoko, who was tilting her head to think about something, eventually said while gently stroking Masako's hand.
"Let's get along with each other, Masako-san, I'll make your painful things as short as I can, Masako-san. I feel sorry for my mother."
Masako didn't understand how this older friend said such a thing. However, a person is kind at all times and is pleased with a person who says that what he or she thinks is painful will be painful.
Masako felt that it would be a shame to get along with Yoshiko's bad-spoken person, but she couldn't help but be happy.

Yoshiko, who was going back and forth from the science specimen room to and from the classroom with the help of the teacher, did not know at all that such a story was exchanged between Tomoko and Masako.
However, what does not knowing that have to do with Yoshiko's daily activities? Yoshiko must be Yoshiko after all. Yoshiko studied hard as usual. To Masako, who feels sorry for her, be kind to her as much as she can, and be a good companion to all of her friends. I want to see it.
Therefore, when the teacher told me that I shouldn't sit with my back rounded, which is bad for my health, I immediately took care of my back. Whenever I knew that I shouldn't look for people's bad words or flaws, I hoped that it would end.
Humans should live happily, live happily, and live properly, helping each other, like flowers and birds, and heaven and earth, and still refining the good points of those people. Yoshiko knows that.
However, one day, after the fifth hour of geography, Yoshiko was about to go home with everyone, and a messenger came from her teacher. The ambassador asked me to come to the teacher's room on my way home because the teacher was there, and went out with a round, bald head.
"What do you want me to do?"
Mr. Yoshiko involuntarily said a soliloquy while holding a package. I have no idea why to call. However, Yoshiko, who doesn't remember doing anything wrong, didn't think at all strangely or unwillingly.
When Yoshiko was able to wrap it, she said to Masako, "Go home first" and went into the teacher's room.
The teacher who was reading something at the desk, when he saw Yoshiko coming in, stood up from his chair.
"Let's go over there"
I opened the door next to it.
It is a room that is not normally used, and is used by visitors for a short break or for small gatherings of teachers.
The reason why I was taken to a place where there were no people was, of course, to tell a story that I do not want many people to hear.
When Yoshiko was hung on one chair, the teacher said with a slightly new tone.
"Mr. Mita and Ms. Masako came to the house with you."
"That's right."
Yoshiko and Masako are from the same clan, so they both have the same surname and are called Mita.
"You are your cousins. When did Masako's parents die?"
"I don't remember at all because it's a very small time, but I'm sure Masako was around three or four."
"It's a pity, you're all loved by your parents, so if you're such a disagreeable person, you have to be as kind and helpful as you can."
Then, the teacher is praised that people are not good at taking good points at school, and that they are clever, and it seems that they do not care about the misconduct of others. I told you that I am ashamed of the truth. And at the end
"You're well done, you know everything well, so you'll never have a hard time with Masako."
When he said, Yoshiko had an unexpected feeling as much as she saw the teacher's face.
Trouble that pitiful Masako! If there was such a person, Yoshiko would blame him first.
Yoshiko clearly
"I will never do it"
I said.
"Yes, you won't, but be careful."
That was the end of the story at that time.
However, after that, there were many things that Yoshiko didn't understand.
Sometimes, when something happened, Tomoko suddenly saw Masako who was playing with her, saying something like a strange rubbing.
"Come here, let's play with us."
However, I even took him to another person.
Masako-san thought about it by herself after that time, and I think that Yoshiko-san would have been lonely because she had done something really sorry for her.
"Let's all play together, Yoshiko together"
Masako didn't have the courage to say that.
Even at school, I didn't say that, so when I got home, I couldn't find a time to say such a thing. When Tomoko and her friends come in large numbers, Masako feels like she can't do anything as she wants.
As Masako thought, Yoshiko was of course lonely. If I could take Masako-san with me, that wouldn't have been the case. However, Yoshiko says that she may be thinking wrongly about her own ambitions, even though she is doing what she thinks is good and the kindness she can do. It hurts my heart.
Yoshiko wasn't talkative, so she didn't tell any of her friends about it. However, Ms. Yoshiko sometimes became lonely. Of course, if you talk to your mother, you'll soon be able to understand everything. However, as I said earlier, Masako is a person who is indebted to Yoshiko's parents. So, if you find out that Masako had misunderstood something and get a terrible small word, Masako, who is sad that she is an orphan, may feel uncomfortable. Yoshiko was silent even to her mother thinking about it.
It seems that the girls' school, which was 20 years ago, had various imperfections that I couldn't even think of when I grew up these days.
Tomoko, who felt sorry for the fact that her house was rich, hated Yoshiko who said she wasn't happy, and tried to hurt her, saying Masako herself. I was letting it go as it was.
When we are thinking quietly, we can usually clearly distinguish between good things and bad things and guide ourselves what we do. However, in the presence of many people and friends, if you say something that hurts your ears, even if it is correct, you will not be able to obediently and honestly follow that advice.
Tomoko, who is selfish, is happy that Yoshiko is standing alone, and tries to make Masako and Yoshiko get sick for two years until she abolishes school. I was there.
However, Yoshiko-san was doing what she thought was right, no matter how hard it was, whether or not Masako-san was pleased with it.
Kindness is neither to be complimented by others, nor to be thanked.
The good thing is that people's hearts can't help it. It will be one of the feelings given since humans appeared on the earth. The kindness that hasn't changed for a long time will someday be true, but one day it will surely bear good results. It cannot be destroyed with any force. No matter how hard Tomoko tried, it was Yoshiko's kindness and good heart that finally won the end.
On the day when the closing ceremony of the second year was over, when I got home, Masako came to Yoshiko's room with her hakama on. (Mr. Tomoko was abandoned after two years.)
And when I sat down in front of Yoshiko, from the bottom of my heart
"Mr. Yoshiko, please forgive me."
Yoshiko, who was looking at the training certificate she received at school, raised her face with the words.
"To the true individual-excuse me, Yoshiko-san, I, I'm sorry for you so far, I think it was bad for the true individual, Tomoko-san ..."
"Good, good, Masako, I don't care, just, if you know what I'm thinking, that's all you need."
Mr. Yoshiko knew that all that Masako was thinking was in her hands.
"We are good friends with Yahari, Masako-san."
Before they knew it, they smiled with a happy and tailored heart while tearing their eyes full.
Well, people's hearts will not be as clear and empty as when they understand each other well and believe in the good points.
Masako and Yoshiko played with the same feelings as when they were small children.
The warm egg-colored sun shined the shadows of two close friends who lined up closely on the bright white shoji screen, with joy. [# Raise one letter from the ground] [May, June 1920]



Bottom book: "Miyamoto Yuriko Complete Works Volume 30" Shinnihon Shuppansha
First edition issued on March 20, 1986 (Showa 61)
First appearance: "Schoolgirl"
May 1920 (Taisho 9) first issue, June issue
Input: Takuji Shibata
Proofreading: Takashi Tsuchiya
Created August 14, 2007
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
