James Watt
Jun Ishiwara

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Even if it says

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) After that |

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) [# 7 indentation]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

[# 7 indentation] Machine invention [# "Machine invention" is a middle heading]

It is quite interesting to take a closer look at the history of how science has progressed since ancient times and how it has had an impact on society. Science is constantly advancing as an academic discipline, and along with it, various convenient machines are invented, so that people in the world cannot help but use such machines. Then, with the development of machines, the production of all things and the state of traffic will change, which means that it will change the state of human society, so from ancient times in this way It can be said that the culture has developed to this day. Thinking in this way, it will be possible for the first time to really understand how important science is to human society.
Now, when it comes to the time when the state of society changed drastically with the development of science, of course, there must have been some in the old days, but history. Most prominent above is from the end of the eighteenth century to the beginning of the nineteenth century. It is true that there were various uses of machines before that, but just around this time, various machines that were much more convenient than before were invented, and they were actively used in industry. .. Some of them were machines used for spinning textiles and others, but the most important one was the steam engine that used the function of steam, which was really by James Watt, who is going to talk about it at that time. It was improved to a wonderful one. Before that, water wheels and windmills that used the power of water and wind were the main machines, and outside of that, the power of human limbs and cows and horses were at best, so this is a big industry etc. It was natural that the steam engine did not develop, but once the steam engine appeared, it was so convenient that it was immediately used in all directions, and it was big in various places. A factory has also been built. In that case, many people used to work mainly in the home, but instead of being hired by factories to engage in various production labors, the overall state of society also accompanies it. It has changed a lot. After that, when steam engines were installed and trains and steamships started to move, transportation in various places became more convenient than before, and this also changed the state of society. In the history of the world, this remarkable change is called the Industrial Revolution, but anyway, it was an important change that had not been seen before. However, considering that it was due to the steam engine created by Watt, it is so important that it can be said that Watt turned the history of the world in this direction. It must be seen as an invention. So it is clear from this that the invention of a wonderful machine is so significant that it is destined for the history of the world as well as its own great value.

[# 7 indentation] Use of steam [# "Use of steam" is a middle heading]

Everyone knows that the Watt steam engine uses the power of steam, but it has been known for a very long time that steam has the power to move things. There were many people who wanted to take advantage of it. Even so, before the invention of a fine machine, it is necessary to gradually reach it through various stages, so the path that the steam engine has come up with is a good example of that. It may be said that it is showing.
The oldest known steam-based device is a device made by a man named Hero of Alexandria around the hundreds of decades BC. This person is famous because he devised various machines, but he used steam to spin the ball around. Since the inside of this sphere is hollow, attach tubes to both sides of it so that steam coming out of the boiling water can enter the sphere through the tube, and then put it in this sphere separately. Has two short outlets for steam to come out. Then, the steam enters the sphere with a tremendous force, and as it spouts from the exit, the sphere spins around.
This is like a toy, but anyway, the power of steam causes the ball to rotate, so it was natural that the idea of using it for machines came up later. .. It wasn't until the 16th to 17th centuries, though, that people like Blanca in Italy and De Cou in France devised a lot about it. Still, these weren't quite useful yet, so I needed an even better idea, but the first to have some success with it was Denis Papin of France. Papan was born in 1647 and earned a degree in Paris after studying medicine at the University of Angers, but was persecuted by the world at that time because he believed in Protestantism in religion. I went to London and continued my studies. And soon after he became the secretary of the Royal Society, which has gathered great scholars, he knew that he was very talented. He was thinking about using steam from around this time, but in 1678 he was invited by the lord of Hessen in Germany to become a professor of mathematics at the University of Marburg. However, his interest was still in the issue of steam, and as a result of various experiments on it, he created the following.
It put water in the bottom of the cylinder and heated it to steam, which lifted the piston fitted from the top of the cylinder by the force of this steam, but when the steam cooled and recondensed, this piston It will come down again due to the pressure of the atmosphere from the outside.
From now on, this must be a very childish machine, but it has important implications in that it is considered the first to utilize the work of steam. At that time, as the mining began to flourish, water accumulated in the deeply dug mine and struggled everywhere to pump it out, so Papan drained this machine. I thought I should use it, but this hasn't been successful yet. Papan then returned to London in 1707, but was not well recognized by the public at that time and died unfortunately in 1712.
By the way, it was a person named Thomas Savery in England who first created a steam engine that could actually be used for mine drainage. This person was born around 1650, and after a long time he joined the military and became proficient in various techniques. It was in 1689 that the steam engine was built and patented, but it was somewhat more complex in structure than Papan and was well made. Therefore, it was possible to use this to draw water from a fairly deep mine, and it is said that the mine owners at that time were very pleased. However, it is said that Newcomen helped to improve it because the first institution of Savery was somewhat incomplete, but I don't know how certain it is.
Anyway, it was certain that this Newcomen made something even more complete than Savery. Newcomen was born in 1663 and died in 1729, but he was in the business of a blacksmith, and the fabric was not far from where the savery lived. So he must have known about Savery's steam engine. So I was able to make further improvements and improvements to make it even more useful. However, it is also said that a person named Robert Hooke, a member of the Royal Society at that time and a famous scientist, gave various advices. Then, in 1705, the institution was successfully completed, and after that, it was used in the mines of various places.

[# 7 indentation] Watt's invention [# "Wat's invention" is a middle heading]

The steam engine was gradually put into practical use in this way, but the ones at that time were really uneconomical. The reason is that the hot steam in the cylinder is poured in from the outside and cooled, so even if it is attached to the next steam, it will be temporarily cooled. This is because it wastes heat. Other than that, the power of steam was not fully utilized, so we still had to think of a way to directly use that strong power. However, it was difficult to improve these points, so some people made some ideas after that, but in the end it was not successful until Watt came out.
James Watt was born on January 19th, 1736 in the small port town of Greenock, England. His father was a carpenter, but he was also involved in other businesses at the same time. Watt was weak when he was young, but he still finished school in the land and then worked at his father's workplace. However, it is said that the fingertips were somewhat dexterous from that time, and that it became popular among craftsmen. In other words, his genius from this childhood must have appeared in such a place.
However, in 1735, his mother died, and his father's business did not go well, so Watt was sent to his maternal relatives in Glasgow the following year. He wanted to get up there somehow, so he asked Professor Dick of the University of Glasgow through his relatives, who was very sympathetic to this and introduced him to an acquaintance in London. At that time, Watt's hope was to manufacture mathematical instruments, so I searched around and finally found such a place and became an apprentice. And I learned it enthusiastically and learned that it would normally take three or four years in less than a year.
Thus, in 1757, he returned to Glasgow, where he was greatly delighted and encouraged because he was allowed to open a store in the university and manufacture mathematical instruments. Still, it seems that the livelihood was quite difficult, so it seemed to have suffered a lot at first, but a few years later, I started to work together with a person named John Craig, and gradually it became easier. did. And in 1763, he could even open his own shop in Trongate Street.
Watt did a lot of work after that, but he became interested in steam engines just like repairing a model of Newcomen's steam engine from the University of Glasgow around 1763. I was asked to do so. In other words, this also resulted in the invention of Watt later, so fate is truly mysterious.
Watt didn't have much knowledge about the function of steam until then, but as he examined this model, he learned a lot. Anyway, I repaired the model, but I realized that this engine had various drawbacks, and I wanted to improve it somehow. The worst thing to do is, as mentioned above, to pour water into the hot steam in the cylinder to cool it, so if Watt would take that steam to another place and let it cool there. I thought it would be good, so I attached a separate pipe from the cylinder and connected it to another vessel, and cooled the vessel with water. This is what is now called a coagulant. In this way, the steam cools away, so the temperature of the cylinder does not have to drop. This really has important implications for steam engines, as it saves fuel to produce steam. Watt patented this idea in 1765. Besides this, another important thing about Watt's improvement is that instead of moving the piston to one side only with the power of steam, it was devised to reciprocate to both sides. That is, the steam can be alternated on both sides of the piston, so that once the steam enters the underside of the biston and pushes it up, then it enters the top and down. Try to push it down. In addition, if you can do that, you don't need to stand the cylinder up and down, you can lay it down and move the piston left and right, and the steam will accompany it. The force can be made strong enough to make the movement of the piston lively. However, it took a lot of hard work to actually do this and succeed, so it was only in 1769 that I was satisfied with it and was able to obtain a patent for it. Of course, after that, Watt improved the institution in many ways, and it was almost a lifetime for that.
However, while I was enthusiastic about these inventions, I had a hard time living, so I had to do land surveying work and do various other things. Still, Watt's enthusiastic people helped him, and it's safe to say that he was successful. At first, a person named Lebach, who was the owner of the coal mine and also produced sulfuric acid, cooperated with me, but a few years later he also lost his property, so after that he became a person named Boulton. I decided to rely on it to carry out a joint venture.
Watt also obtained various patents in addition to this, and as a result, his fame gradually increased, so he was able to spend his later years happily. He was elected a member of the Royal Society of Edinburgh in 1784, a member of the Royal Society of London the following year, and a foreign member of the French Academy in 1814. I carried the fame all by myself. However, as he became old, he retired in 1800 and returned to his hometown and lived a quiet life, but on August 25, 1819, he was 84 years old. died. By this time, steamships and trains using this steam engine had already been built and surprised the world, so Watt's death was even more missed by all. His remains were buried in a churchyard in the Parish of Handsworth, but in 1824 the statue was erected in Westminster Abbey, which was one of the greatest honors in England. did. Not only that, but as I said at the beginning, it is truly amazing that the steam engine has brought about a major change in society, such as the Industrial Revolution, and most people are comparable to it. It can be said that there is no other. This is also the result of Watt's earnest efforts.



Bottom book: "Great Scientist" Jitsugyo no Nihonsha
Issued on October 10, 1942 (Showa 17)
* The original notation has been renewed based on the "Working Guidelines for Rewriting Works Written in Old Characters and Old Kana to Modern Notation".
"Finally" becomes "finally", "further" becomes "further", "combined" becomes "but", "most" becomes "almost", "handsworth" becomes "handsworth", "handsworth" "Westminster" has been replaced with "Westminster".
* Furigana is added to words that are difficult to read and words that are easy to read. Furigana is not attached to the bottom.
* I worked based on the book image published in the National Diet Library Digital Collection (http://dl.ndl.go.jp/).
Input: Ryuichi Takase
Calibration: sogo
Created July 27, 2018
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (https://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
