Jean Cocteau's "Les Enfants Terribles"
Kunio Kishida

Japan's "young age" began to read Jean Cocteau. This amazing talent of modern Buddha Lanxi has produced many imitators in every corner of the world. The impersonator is not guilty. Jean Cocteau itself is a sample maker of new literature.
This time, Seiji Togo was able to join this "Japanese Cocteau". He is not a literary man in the strict sense of the word. Anyone who knows him as a painter of Avuan Giard thinks that the translation of the novel came from his hands.

"Awesome children", the Japanese title, is probably interpreted in various ways. Terryable must mean "terrifying", but more descriptively it is "extra ordiniel". "I don't know what to do." "It doesn't matter to chopsticks or sticks." Indeed, the small protagonists of this story step into an abnormal life due to their unusual qualities, but the environment depicted there is not a romantic picture sky, but a modern society based on sharp and detailed observations. It is a commentary on the layers, and the fate of a boy whose chest is torn by a snowball finally hits a lump of poison is a symbolic record of life history, which is a mixture of good and evil, curse and prayer. Is.
One of the reasons I was struck by this work is that the author was able to write an infinitely warm work without any dust or justice sentiment. The title "Dreadful Children" appears in the reader's mind as "loving children" as it turns pages. I often remember French parents abusing the words [# horizontal composition] "Ils sont terribles" [# horizontal composition end] when talking to others about their children. Japanese parents often say, "Thank you, I have no choice but to be violent." Cocteau, like these parents, does not speak of his "horrible children." But he is at least one of those children.
Finally, when the people who get this translation look at its superbly content and the hateful and smart illustrations, they realize that this "horrible translator" has an enviable weapon. Uh.



Bottom book: "Kunishi Kishida Complete Works 21" Iwanami Shoten
Issued on July 9, 1990 (Heisei 2)
Parent of the original: "Tokyo Nichi Nichi Shimbun"
October 20, 1930 (Showa 5)
First appearance: "Tokyo Nichi Nichi Shimbun"
October 20, 1930 (Showa 5)
Input: tatsuki
Proofreading: Hiroshi Kadota
Created November 20, 2007
Revised May 12, 2016
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
