Man cooking female meat
Maki Izuma

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Popular "Ninki"

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) All the time |

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Numbers are JIS X 0213 area area number, or original page and number of lines)
(Example) * [# 4th level 2-13-28, where the vertical bar made by "rubbing" penetrates downward]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

1

There is a town called Hamberii Street in the eastern end of London, which is world-famous because of its rough popularity. A barefoot child wearing rags, filled with powdery horse manure straw debris between the rough, round cobblestones. It is part of a typical slum townscape where we are making noise from morning till night. On both sides, the so-called rental Nagaya "Denement House", which has a much lower hypnosis, is made of the same old bricks, which are full of stains, all the time. It is lined up in a dark and silent manner, radiating the sweet and sour moist odor that is peculiar to the small people's town. The No. 29 house was one of them, and it was designed so that when you dive through the front entrance like the circular gate, you can immediately go out to the courtyard. From this courtyard, many families living in one building go in and out of their rented rooms. Therefore, there were many doorways around the garden, and the front doors for direct traffic were supposed to be left open even at night.
This neighborhood was the lowest-level prostitute's den for workers and low-ranking sailors from each country. However, unlike Japan, such women are not gathered in a limited area, and the women themselves are alone, so at first glance it is no different from a normal town line, but so to speak, Tsuji-kun. In places where many Gimi are infested, the women play around the main streets and side streets around this area from around 8:30, when the plays and banquets begin [# "Yuyo". In the bottom line, "te" is "playing well"], and searching for a man on the street. And when the other party is found, it usually deals immediately due to some things, but depending on the contract, it also goes to your room. At that time, this night hawk was rented for a long time at the 29th house in Humberii Street, so the front door was at night for the convenience of holding customers in the middle of the night. It was supposed to be unlocked all the time. In other words, anyone can freely enter and exit the courtyard.
It was midnight on September 8th.
At the beginning of autumn, it often rains in London. That night, it fell apart in the middle of the night, so I remembered a lady living on the third floor about the laundry that had been left dry. Laundry, like everywhere in the East End, is done by tying a rope from window to window and drying it. Then, when she heard the sound of rain, she jumped up and opened the window facing the courtyard. It was a dark night because it was raining lightly, but I admitted that two figures were fighting on the stone steps trying to enter the garden. It seemed to be half playful. I heard the woman in a low voice, laughing and saying, "No, I can't. I don't." The opponent was a man, and I saw him wearing an unusually long cloak. However, as I said before, this area has a bad style, and it was not uncommon to see such a scene at midnight. Also, a woman renting a room in this house may be pulling a man and arguing at the entrance instead of returning. Thinking this way, she didn't pay attention to it. It seems that the conflict has stopped after a while. Early the next morning, a man named Devis went to the communal coal yard in the corner of the courtyard to pick up coal and found that miserable corpse that could not be seen as a binocular. It was.
The victim is Any Chapman. He wasn't the 29th stop, but he was also a prostitute in Humberii Street, and he was slashing his penis at once. It seems to be the work of a person who has a great deal of skill in strength, and the neck is almost separated, and the mark of the cutting edge that pierces the flesh is the neck. It remained on the paving stone underneath. But this is just a fatal injury. The lower half of the corpse presents an invisible violence, which cannot be called an acid nose or a cruelty, as if a beast had devoured a small prey. Was there. The victim's skirt was hung on the lower abdomen of the corpse. After removing it, the autopsy doctor and all the police officers were terrified. It is cut open from the genital area to the lower abdomen like a pomegranate. Not only that, a piece of meat with pubic hair on it, which had been scooped up with a sharp knife, had fallen to the root of the wall. Not only that. It looks like a hand is inserted through the cut-out genital area and the uterus is pulled out, and the toy box is turned over, and the red, purple, and various organs of the shade are messed up all over. I was lying on the side of [# "Toy"], but the only one was that my uterus was lost.
At that time, there was a mysterious murderer who, both himself and others, called him "Saku Jack" and pushed all London to the bottom of his horror. At a glance, everyone knew that this was his other challenging offense. Recently, three times in a row, there have been murders of the same type in the East End of this neighborhood. The victim is always a prostitute on the street, the scene is always outdoors, a little dazzling side street, or in the courtyard "Kout" like [# "Hambelii Street" is "Hambairi Street" in the bottom line] Even in the middle of the night, if you can hear the sound of the shoes of people passing by, it will be held in a place that is relatively easy for the human eye to see. The fatal wound is one of the throat, and then the anatomical violence is added to the lower part of the corpse's body, and the uterus is always gone, as pressed by the size. .. It is clear that it is a continuous crime of the same person. The human heart is a war, the newspaper is full of this article, the topic is all over, an amateur detective who is irritating the police jumps out there, and the line is accelerating. The tip of the arrow-needless to say, on the night of September 8th, and even before that, a fine cordon was drawn over the entire East End, and the teeth of the comb were combed. A big investigation was being carried out. In the middle of the net, the human beast "Rippaa" and "Jack the Slasher" played an active part in the series, and by killing Anyi Chapman in this Humberii town, another satisfaction of the raw blood was repeated. It is said that there is no comparison between the front and back of such a subtle guy who can be seen and disappeared. I didn't even leave a clue because I didn't play with the so-called unskilled technique.

Avoid enumerating individual crimes because it only causes mischief to be unnecessarily complicated. However, even if only the case that became famous in some respect was extracted, on September 8th, I just killed Anyi Chapman in Hamburg Street, and in the Bucks Row Street incident, on the 30th of the same month. Elizabeth Stride was killed in Baanaa Street, and 45 minutes later, Catherine Edus was killed overnight at Milt Square Square, and on November 9th, Kelly Watts was killed in Dolset Street. In addition to this, a similar murder of a prostitute has been caught in the meantime, but the uterus has been lost, the genital area has been cut off, and the viscera "elephant" has been tossed and metamorphosis. The tragedy of the corpse, the means of crime, and the cruelty are all the same, such as the trail of indulgence.
Take on the name | What was the Metropolitan Police Department "Scottish Yaad" doing?
To be honest, I couldn't get my hands or legs out. There seems to be a clue at last, and in fact, there is no clue to trust in anything. Under a transporter, such as in Baanaa, a man doing something like a pony car drives a small carriage into his backyard, where he falls into a pond of blood. Elizabeth Stride-The nickname "Adana" was called "Rick of the backyard" and was tall. As we will see later, just before the woman's death, she unknowingly played a crucial role-I found a corpse, but only a few seconds after the crime, the corpse He was undoubtedly witnessing the "dissection" scene and the criminal if the discoverer had arrived a little earlier, as he was still spewing raw blood and the basin of that blood was expanding. In fact, as soon as Jack rushed to the sound of the approaching carriage, left the corpse, and stuck himself to the darkest wall near him, the discoverer's carriage It must have come. The horse, which was surprised by the strange odor and stopped suddenly, was approaching to the point where it trampled on the corpse. The criminal was watching the scene of this discovery beside him. Then, when he was about to make a noise, he probably left quietly in the darkness of Ankoku, but the scene was right under the window of the Socialist Party branch in Baanaa, and at the time of the day, he went to the branch. Despite the gathering of three or forty members, no one heard the noise. This is not unreasonable. Even among the party members who are noisy and loud, there were three or forty members of the social party who loved discussion and had a loud voice, so even if the bomb bursts by the ear, you can hear it. It can't be. Later everyone sweared. Anyway, "Jack slashing" that would have slipped out like a shadow next to the discoverer who was so distracted by the corpse's body, immediately with his feet, Aldgate's Milt Square "Square" Forty-five minutes later, he killed another Tsuji-kun, Catherine Edus, and also tore the lower abdomen from the genital area to remove the uterus. How many victims, including this Catherine Edus, were pitifully poor, low-ranking prostitutes, Catherine Edus said, a man in an apron dirty with cooking-the criminal. You can see that he was killed as it was by having sex under the eaves of another person's house. The criminal stripped the end of this apron and wiped his hands and knife with it. It seems that he walked while wiping. On the corner of Gulston Street not far away, the blood-sucking and heavy apron cut cloth had fallen. Then, at the corner of Gulston Street, the criminal wrote the famous "Declaration of the Murderer Jack" Message "on the wall there with white ink" Hakuboku ".
The Jews are not the men to be blamed for nothing.
This is a phrase that can be taken in two ways depending on how you think about it. "Jews are not just human beings who are denounced for no reason."-There is a reason to be denounced. Well, there's nothing you can't do if you interpret it, but of course it's not. In the sense of "Isn't it just being denounced and retracted for no reason? That's right."
This scribble book was really regrettable. Shortly after writing, a secret police officer discovered it and was surprised to wipe it out. There are many Jews in the vicinity. Of course, there are many anti-Semitic countries, including British. If this phrase comes into the public eye, it will be flooded with crowds and the racial urban warfare will begin immediately. In fact, such an uproar is not uncommon, so he decided to turn it off to avoid it. I did something ridiculous with the intention of being distracted, and when I put together various points later, the characters on this wall are the good material for Senzai Chigu. It was. It is said that the criminal was always caught if he studied scientifically without even erasing this. The out-of-the-box policeman would probably have been punished or eaten and sent to the county, but the typeface of this scribble was said to have been written twice before Central News. It was very similar to the letters on a letter and a postcard sent to the company. No, it is said that they are definitely the same.
The letters and postcards addressed to the newspapers were both true and false, and they caused a big problem at that time, and the postcards were clearly recognized with human blood. Moreover, the fingerprint of blood was sticky [# "sticky" side point] was pressed. Both of them started with the American slang word "Dear boss" and used threatening words to proclaim a new crime, and the letter said "For women who are not prostitutes." He added the meaning, "I want you to be relieved about that point because it will not cause any harm," and both signed "Rippaa Jack." Even if you look at what you have continued afterwards, it may be that the actual criminal wrote and posted it. However, there are idiots in every country. This "Slashing Jack" is attracting the current audience, so I misunderstood it as if it was a wonderful popular person, and even if it wasn't, there was a curious quiet person "Himajin" who asked me to make a noise because it was interesting. It is not necessary to systematically start such unreported mischief. It is very likely. A similar letter to the editor was rushing to the Metropolitan Police Department. Therefore, the experts did not put much faith in receiving this Central News, but rather laughed from the head. However, only the letters on the walls of Gulston Street are the first and last autographs of the genuine criminal. It was the regrettable extreme of regret that this only valuable evidence was returned to nothing by the hands of a heartless police officer.

2

Although not generally known, at this time, the Metropolitan Police Department received a piece of information from the Russian government and connected it with some importance and hope. A few years ago, Moscoe frequently had the same incident, killing only prostitutes exclusively, and adding violence like open surgery to each corpse. However, the criminal was arrested, found to be a mentally ill person, and detained in a local prostitute. However, after escaping from the hospital that spring, it is said that the future of "Jirai" has become unknown. The madman was originally a mad surgeon who had studied abroad in the UK, so he may have secretly infiltrated London after his flight. Since the physiognomy book is also attached, the Metropolitan Police Department has devoted all its efforts to the search for the person who corresponds to it. The motive of the Moscow criminal was a religious fanatic delusion. That is, he believed that this kind of injured woman could only go through the gates of heaven, only by being killed in this way, that is, killed for the sake of completion. It was. Religious illusion | Even though "Unun" is the second, "Jack of the slasher" Rippaa ", who is now shaking London, is the owner of fairly accurate anatomical knowledge. There is no doubt that he is an experienced religionist. He knew exactly where the uterus was, and also professionally knew how to remove it without damaging it. The left kidney was brilliantly removed from the corpse of Bucks Row Street, but the removal of this organ was considered a difficult task in surgery, and so much. Requires practical skill. As a result of these points, whether or not it is the same as Mosco's criminal, it is a natural conclusion that this "Jack" person is also a kind of mad doctor, which is the best. He dominated experts inside and outside the Metropolitan Police Department with authority, but two days after the incident, the kidney in question was wrapped in newspaper and delivered to the Metropolitan Police Department's Investigation Division by parcel mail. There was no attached letter, just the blood fingerprints on the overwrapping paper as usual, and I felt some caution or no signature.
However, assuming that the communication addressed to Central News came from the criminal, this Russian mad doctor theory must be shattered immediately. This is because the sentence is never thought to be spelled by a foreigner in English, a slang word that Americans are likely to write. The phrase was really snappy [# "emphasis mark"], and while it was a low-ranking word, no, it was only when it was a low-ranking word that it succeeded in expressing it more effectively. This can be seen as intentionally written in such a way to twist the direction of the investigation, but at last foreigners-the more formal English education- I can't agree with the text that I got, and no matter how mad I am, a doctor wouldn't write such an illiterate letter, no matter how hard I tried to write it. Must be. One thing that is particularly surprising is that the postcard of the blood book that came to the newspaper company predicted the date of the next "Jack" crime and was brilliantly correct. On November 9th and the day on the postcard, Kelly, also known as Watts, was killed in Miraa Kouto, Dolset Street, Spitalfield. This may also be just a coincidence of the mischief of the mischievous person who threw the postcard, but if even the letters on the wall of Gulston Street remain, compare and study the handwriting of both. Therefore, it was easy to judge the authenticity of the postcard.

This mysterious and mysterious human monster that is unique in the history of world crime-the horror of the darkness surrounding him and the mystery that should be terrified, they are now There is no way for him to be clear. Who was this man who was called "Jack of the Ripper" and who himself called himself that way? Was it a murderer who had some kind of special grudge "Ikon" for some women? Or was it still a crazy doctor, as part of the Metropolitan Police Department of Scotland Yaad had predicted? Or, as one theory, is it a kyogen who has a religious delusion? These are all eternal mysteries that he buried from the surface of the world, leaving behind the world's speculation about his identity, real-life criminal means, and his motives. Possibly, all of it may already be sleeping with him in a grave somewhere now. In fact, it was so continuous, it shook society so much, and so much, not only at the time of the incident, but also for a long time, not only inside the Police Agency, but also every criminologist, every private detective agency, Despite the miscellaneous theories and estimates submitted by professional criminologists from all newspapers, there are a few other mysterious cases in which even a single ray of light was not thrown regarding the actual crime. It's hard to ask for a comparison. Speaking of "Rippaa Jack", in London, no, in Britain, everyone knows. Anyone who is interested in and pays attention to bloody events all over the world from some point of view must have heard of it.
The whole London was still engulfed by a depression comparable to the famous thick fog.
As I said before, the site is the East End of the small people called "Gomisuteba" in the world's dust dump in this huge city, and Aldgate trying to step into it. And, between the Whitechapel Street, which is famous for many Jews, that dark garden and the filthy open field "Roji" are invading like a net. 《Hypnotic》. During my stay in Britain, I have hired an escort in particular to explore the area several times during the day, at midnight, and before and after. Indeed, it's a den of evil in the city, where the word exploration is so dangerous or dangerous that it applies without any exaggeration. For social work inspections and research on city management, if you go to the Metropolitan Police Department and ask for it often, you will be assigned a plainclothes detective who goes in that direction. But I'm not now trying to describe my experiences and observations in this East End of London, or to portray the various sights I faced this evening. However, as I know the actual location, I have a special personal sensation in writing this ferocious criminal story. And it can be believed that it must support this story with some reality.
Londoners would not be able to look back on that late autumn without a new horror.
It was Friday night, November 9th, which is still remembered as the last Rippaa incident.
London is already covered with winter makeup. The fog that stayed all day turned into a little ice and rain in the evening, and that night was a damp dark night, especially as if black liquid had flowed into the space. However, from the newspaper town Freight Street, all the reporters of the Social Affairs Department of each company and the reporters of Yugeki, who were convened by telephone at midnight, are being sent out to this Aldgate in silence. "The threat of blood, Terraa,"-Jaanalist quickly named this series of crimes-but again this night, the East End of poverty, poison, and wickedness. To visit. On the streets that were covered with white fog, cordon lines that did not miss ants were stretched, and people stepped on the wet pavement, and the sound of human shoes rang secretly. Of the passers-by, all the men were police officers, secret detectives, or newspaper reporters. The woman was a whore, as is often the case with this neighborhood. Even if these women in the city were afraid to walk alone, even if they didn't become a business, three or four of them would gather like sheep in the snow and in the fog. Came out of and disappeared into the fog. It was a bleached blue face and a staggering shrine sound "Ashioto". They screamed at every person they met on the street, scared of being a murderer.
Say again. "Jack to slash" selects only women who belong to this social class of prostitutes, professionally or hobbyically, and slashes them. Slash-literally, a surgical incision is made from the genitals to the top and a tear "lip" is made.
The voice of the general public blaming the incompetence of the police for the rampant monster at midnight had reached its extreme point. I also said that the activity of the muscle was finally incandescent before the amateur citizens started making noise. However, it is not an excuse for not setting up the arrest of the criminal, and at this time, there are many unscrupulous scenes in the Metropolitan Police Department, such as Sir Chaals Warren resigning under responsibility. Was being arrested. Sir Warren's resignation speech was very stimulating and inspired all police officers in the jurisdiction. Police officers all over London felt new power and bravely investigated the terrorist Jack. With the cooperation of not only the authorities but also the volunteers of the citizens, the slaughter of the woman on this city, the madness to capture the night beast that sews the darkness, and all kinds of measures are devised. It was issued and executed. An all-night vigilante was also organized. The detective dog was moved to the vicinity and was waiting for dispatch. In all the dark Tsuji and the plazas with few street lights, a detective sneaked into the second floor of the house facing it and kept an eye out from the evening window. Special police officers dressed as women and scattered in the town at midnight as decoys. All night passers-by in Whitechapel Street were suspiciously asked. There were numerous suspects, wanderers, and foreigners detained for suspicious behavior nationwide. Things that seemed to be clues, no matter how trivial, were traced to the ultimate. But what was waiting for the end was always miscalculation and disappointment. The town where this mysterious demon "Monster" might live was searched from one end to the other. In this way, the net for hunting people naturally shrank. In fact, once Jack was actually witnessed, had conversations, and was probably suspiciously observed in detail-but bad luck was always on him. Hard work | Even after standing on the clues and news reports gathered in a miserable manner, the law could not reach his true identity and whereabouts. It is by no means a large area. Even if one of the inhabitants of this town knew it was, there, a mysterious wall was ridiculing all the detectives, hiding the criminal. Some superstitious people have already given Jack a supernatural attribute and even explained it away. According to him, this criminal is a ghoul or a blood-sucking bird, or anyway, a strange monster of another world that freely comes and goes without touching the human eye. This medieval narrative is laughed at by everyone, but in the midst of that horror and mystery, some people, rather than joking, sing it seriously. 》 It was done. Even if you look at this, it can be inferred how all the incidents were mysterious, and the behavior of the criminal "Jack of the slasher" Rippaa "was exactly the detective novel" Shinshutsukibotsu "itself.
In a small area, the word "gyakusatsu" was not enough to slaughter Tsuji-kun on the streets in a row. The condition of the corpse's body will be explained later along with the important crimes, but the autopsy doctor made the sour nose so sharp that he could not stand his eyesight, and he was a normal nerve function owner. It is not considered to be the work of the corpse. That, so to speak, a non-ordinary criminal does not let him grab his tail so much. Mental illnesses, as well as humans with a slight peculiarity, should at least have a reputation in the neighborhood and be heard by spies. In particular, one of the characteristics of the Saimin town is that all the neighbors are openly negotiating with each other. If any one of them has an "unfamiliar face", it's an izakaya "Kounaa Baa" conference-in Japan, it's a well-end conference, at least in some way, touching someone's curiosity. In Britain, especially around the East End of London, the mountain gods gathered at a daytime tavern, and while having a drink, squeezed the host [# aside from "Koki"] and raised a suspicious | flame. It's not a rare figure-it's just like one of the rumors of the tavern conference. However, the constant hearing of such questions was the first suspicion of the police. However, this demon that takes the shape of a person, "Yoki", measures the destruction of special crimes and the footsteps of "Tokai", and is even more corpse. It does not make the investigation difficult by delaying the discovery of. On the contrary, he is so careless, and sometimes even challenging, that he seems almost conscious. For example, as mentioned earlier, in the case of one of them, the Baanaa Street Incident, the body of the woman found had a palpitations grabbed from the open abdomen by a stone in the courtyard. Regardless of this, he struck a palpitations like a palpitations immediately after his death, causing warm blood to spill out. Only a few seconds have passed since the last blade was added. A few seconds [# an emphasis mark on "seconds"]. At the moment when the first discoverer struck, Jack must have left his corpse, then quietly standing in a dark corner and looking at the astonishment of the people. ..
I don't want to be trivial to report an individual offense first and thereby give the reader a detective novel interest first. Unless it's unavoidable, I'm just trying to faithfully follow the record and first get to know you completely about the internal and external circumstances surrounding most of the incidents. is there.
Even if one cat or one dog is killed, blood will adhere to the killed person. In other words, this criminal killed a woman and performed almost dissecting acts on her death. First and foremost, everyone thinks that every crime must be bathed in raw blood like a whole-body blood doll, not limbs or clothes. After slashing the corpse to [# "emphasis mark"], where should he go to wash his hands and equipment? How to get rid of that bloody garment. How many "Nampito" protect him and provide those conveniences. In what kind of house does this murderer live like a good citizen? These are still the centers of mystery today, just as they were the center of mystery at the time. The actual murder, as it is often said, was extremely cruel and incoherent, with all the corpses cut off in a beastly manner. What's more, the number of crimes increased as the crimes continued, and finally it was enough to at first glance at any owner of a steel heart. It is not permissible to elaborate on all of them due to the nature of the printed matter, but the process of doing so was very different through each offense. In particular, it all agreed that it ended in a state of super-special fear. Needless to say, it is the work of a specific person-Rippaa Ze Jack. And it was also determined that he was a left-handed man, summarizing the sword marks in various cases, between the immovable place and the expert. Victims are squeezed by prostitutes wandering the streets of the night [# "emphasis marks"]. It is also exclusive to the lowest, poorest, and most unfortunate women in that hierarchy. The unmistakable "Trademark" of the corpse of each corpse is given. In each case, the reproductive organs were slashed, squeezed out, and a hand was inserted from there to pull out the large intestine, internal reproductive organs, and other offal. It truly presents a scene that cannot withstand emmetropia. It is said that police officers who witnessed the corpse, as well as police doctors, suddenly faced this terrible scene and all ran to a corner of the room and vomited, such as in the case of Dolset Street. This one thing that adds atrocities to the victim's genital organs is a common major feature that goes through all the crimes of "Jack to slash", and is also the true cause of the sensation that scared the world. 》 It was also. He chose no victims as long as he was a street prostitute. Talk to a woman in the night town. Or talk to the woman. Negotiations will be concluded immediately. Because it is this neighborhood, the price is very low. The poor woman goes with the man at her own will to get the little money. Then, most of them immediately lie down on the stone pavement on the dark side streets, etc., and spread their legs under the man. This man rides on a horse and prints the throat of a woman. A lower incision followed. So the victim couldn't decide whether he was killed before or after sexual activity, because his lower body was messed up. However, experts agreed that it should be seen that it was done immediately after the act.
Most of the serial killings were done outdoors. The dark squares that make up that labyrinthine East End, the year-round damp [# "deep" sidelines] and the stinking alleys "Array", the courtyard surrounded by low black buildings, they are tragedy. It was the stage of. At the time of Bucks Row Street, the corpse was leaning on the front stairs of a house. One exception was Kelly, who was said to be a tragedy during the tragedy, in his own room without a shadow, such as the barn of Miraa Kouto in Spitalfield, Dolset Street, which was also a corpse of Watts.
This human youth, "Jack Slashing," goes through the front and back, and only once one person sees his face and talks.
At that time-even now-there was a small fruit shop at 44 Baanaa Street. A man named Mashu Pakaa runs a small business against Hosono. Fruits are piled up like a mountain in the narrow soil, so when customers come into the store, it gets in the way. Both the seller and the buyer get stuck. So I came up with a plan, closed the front door, opened a small window, installed special equipment just like a stop or a theater ticket office, and I settled inside and sneaked through this window. I'm looking into. He is a strange person who responds to customers through the window and tries to get the goods out of the window.
It was around 11:30 pm on Saturday, September 30th.
This packer was about to close the store, and two men and women stood behind the window. The man had never seen it, but the woman knew Puckaa well. Noppo Ritz-Elizabeth Stride-was a well-known bad girl around here.
Pakkaa seemed to be curious about this Ritz companion, or did the person himself have an impressive appearance? I am complaining.
Age around 30 years old, height about 5 feet 7 inches, wide shoulders, giving a square feeling to the whole body. Dark skin. He shaved his beard beautifully and had an agile look. He had a long black cloak, a dark brown felt hat, and a snappy quick mouth.
Elizabeth's companion said from the other side of the window with a arrogant tongue twister [# "emphasis mark"].
"Hey. Give me half a pound of grapes there. It's three pence."
It was around the time when prices were low.

3

Half-pound grapes were put in a paper bag and Puckaa offered them, and the Ritz-Elizabeth Stride-received them. Like a couple or a lover, the man took Elizabeth's arm and the two walked away in the direction of the nearby Socialist Party | Club. A prostitute who is famous for this neighborhood and who he knows well is pulling an unfamiliar man from somewhere and trying to hide in the dark corners of the open air. It can be imagined that Pakkaa would have seen off behind them with some vulgar interest. Many of the lower prostitutes in this area are young workers from adjacent industrial areas or sailors moored at Thames' docks, but Puckaa calls the man one of those muscular workers. I didn't explain it. I stepped on a clerk or a junior clerk around Kama Ashar Street "Roud". They went straight down the Baanaa street in front of the Pakkaa fruit shop and disappeared into the premises of the Socialist Party | Club-formally, the signboard of the party's East End branch hall. Therefore, within 20 minutes, this Elizabeth was discovered as a corpse in the courtyard under the window of the hall. Beside the corpse, which was sourly cruel, the paper bag that Pakkaa sold with grapes in it, and the seeds and skin of the grapes were scattered around. The victim chatted with the criminal while eating grapes, and as soon as he finished the business transaction, he immediately "slashed" between his legs to the abdomen under the mad blade of "Slashing Jack". It is easily inferred that it was a grape. Like all other victims of the Rippaa incident, this corpse has reached the height of terrorism, a state of perpetration in the crotch and its violence that is unacceptable to civilian thoughts. Then, the internal organs of the abdomen, which seemed to be pulled out by the criminal using his hands, are scattered on both | thighs, like the screen of a colorful corpse with a pool of fresh blood. "Hasa" was caught and leaked red to the knees of the corpse. And there are obvious traces of playing with them, and not only the uterus was removed and taken away, all of which are as described in the previous article. The site is in the same Baanaa town, and the human demon Jack, who is within reach of the 44th Puckaa fruit shop by throwing stones, is truly a beast, insanely bold, and how unmanned. It is regrettable that his morbid indifference when choosing the place of the crime is the only reason why he has survived the violence that goes on the border. I will. However, on the night of September 30th, Elizabeth Stride's companion who stopped by to buy grapes for Pucka was the Metropolitan Police Department and all London digging stones with his fingernails. There is no doubt that he was the murderer who was eager to discover it day and night.
This case is a so-called "entering a labyrinth" that has presented a large number of research materials to police authorities and criminologists to this day. Therefore, unlike ordinary detectives or criminal stories, the center of gravity of the interest is not "how the criminal was arrested", but conversely, "why was not arrested" is the midpoint of the story. ..
As I often explained in detail last time, in a relatively small area, there is an unrivaled name for the ancient chime work | The Metropolitan Police Department "Skatland Yaad" is the detective Ikki Tousen. It is a guard net that stretches like a jungle with a good sword. Breaking through it from time to time, this mysterious crime is continuously committed as if to ridicule the authorities. Moreover, the criminal has maintained a proclamation-like attitude, invincibly and proudly. In addition, the status of the victims was strictly fixed, and even though some people even saw the criminal's face in this way, they finally did not see the day of arrest. It was over. It goes without saying that the arrangements made by the Metropolitan Police Department were for the sake of all goodness. In fact, the Metropolitan Police Department at that time was one of the golden ages that could be said to be unprecedented, as it had a great deal of skill, including Mr. Brown and Mr. Forstaa. The fact is that the criminal Jack was a superhuman who was so strange about the fugue state, but he was an amateur of one great fugue [# "emphasis mark"]. It was just a 》. And, there is a view that the rough-cut sloppy mouth that the amateur amateur tried to do was the biggest true cause of containing the limbs of the hard-working person. But in reality, everything is luck, and it's just a matter of opportunity. In this case, that luck and opportunity kept smiling unreasonably on the other side.
Elizabeth Stride, the victim of Baanaa Street, played an important role in unknowingly showing the criminal's face to a human named Pakkaa, twenty minutes before the accidental death of Furyo. For that reason, it happened that this packer had to be exposed to a lot of fierce criticism later.
However, this has the reason and responsibility that it cannot be helped by being attacked by Packaa.
Since October 2nd, only two days have passed since the night of Saturday, September 30th, when the Baanaa Street incident occurred. It's Monday.
It was near noon. Pakkaa once again admitted that the man last night was passing in front of his fruit shop.
It is midday. His testimony was the catalyst for him, and he was in the midst of even more tumultuous tension that he must be "Jack to slash." In particular, there can be no mistake in the images that are so tight on his retina. Above all, the "unusually long black cloak" became an eye-catcher, and Puckaa identified it as [# "it" as an emphasis mark] with a single eye. This time, he says it was just around noon. Baanaa Street has the form of a small shopping street even in the eastern end of the Saimin Ward, and is full of people who weave in the old-fashioned narrow traffic. Say again. It's midday. Pakkaa shouldn't be afraid of anything. Why didn't he run out of the store as soon as he saw the man, yelling for the help of his neighbors and passers-by, and just besieging him and not waiting for the policeman's business trip? In this regard, it is his own words that Pakkaa has made in front of the officer.
"When there are no customers, I usually look at the outdoor mess from the ticket office window. Then, the saleswoman in the neighborhood who went out for lunch early, laughed and went through, so it was probably 12 o'clock. Suddenly, that man is approaching the pavement right in front of the store, dressed the same as the night before. Newspapers also pointed out that his boyfriend was "Jack of the Ripper", and all the neighbors said so, and I was convinced, so I was in the crowd. At the same time as I saw the man walking in the crowd, oh! That's him! I thought. The other person seemed to remember me, and I saw him [# "emphasis mark"], but perhaps because of his mind, it was a really creepy look that threatened something. To be honest, I was surprised to hear [# "ha" as an emphasis mark] and seemed sullen, but I was so surprised that I couldn't move my legs. What's more, there was no one else in the store at that time, so I couldn't just leave the store and jump out, and in the meantime he passed by quickly. I don't care. So, I called in a shoeshine kid who passed by in front of the store shortly afterwards, said nothing, and just quietly followed the man and where did he go? I heard that I should see it as [# "Shin" as an emphasis mark]. But the man looked back. And when I saw myself enthusiastically whispering to polish my shoes, suddenly | he ran out like a gunball and sprinted there. I jumped on the train. I realized for the first time as if I had awakened my dream, and I rolled out of the store and made a loud noise, but by that time the train had disappeared far beyond the town with a man on board. I'm really sorry, but this is the case. There is no doubt that the man is the same person as the customer I sold the grapes the night before yesterday. "
Because he saw it in the daytime, in the clear sunlight and in the ordinary city crowd, he was even more terrified of this human demon at the moment. As I confessed to myself, "To be honest, I was so surprised that I couldn't move my legs [#" I didn't move "was" moved "in the bottom line]", this kind of indescribable daytime surprise. Fear caused him to atrophy his nerves, and made a quick decision, swiftly deprived him of all the actions of Kigi, and stunned him so-called immobility. It can be reflected that he was temporarily forced to stand in the state of "Kanashiba". This is a psychology that can be fully understood and sympathetic, and it does not prove that Pakkaa was a timid man, but even so, next, "there was no one but myself in the store at that time." "I couldn't even go out to open the store" means that I didn't recognize the tightness of the situation and wore the light weight of things. At least, I have to say that it's a bit selfish and quite humorous. Puckaa was one of the most familiar with the fact that all over London was eager to slash the bondage of "Jack Slashing". Moreover, since September 30th, he has become a big figure in the British newspapers and the topic as a human being on the ground who has seen the criminal's face. There is also before that. Suddenly, it was natural that he was surprised, but he said that he should have managed to take some more nifty first aid measures, and the public, including the Criminal Federation, said that he had an incisor. I was reluctant to say "Yakuwan", but soon the Krodha "Funman" turned into a criticism and gathered on "Kyuzen" and Pakkaa. No wonder, but some of them are too regrettable to say terrible things, and Puckaa is an accomplice to "Jack." So maybe I let it go intentionally, or else I thought I was saying bullshit from the beginning, no, it's a ridiculous rumor that Puckaa must be Jack himself. It really spread to the point. Anyway, this gave Puckaa a chance to approach the identity of such a powerful suspect-rather than a hundred percent deterministic criminal-while being blessed with the first and perhaps last great opportunity. It was at least in this case that, in this case, the enthusiasm and courage of the public duty spirit to assist the police and public security, at least in this case, was the reason why he missed it from his stupidity. He doesn't blame some of the things he misses, that is, he's a less desirable citizen, so there's a lot of loud debate about Britain, and sadly, the hero of the fruit shop has given up a man altogether these days. But in the end, no matter what I say later, it doesn't start. All of these reprimands for Puckaa's blunder were, so to speak, useless tears added on top of the overflowing milk. The opportunity is that the better it is, the farther away it is centrifugally when it leaves. And in many cases, it never comes back. "The train disappeared over the town with the criminal on board," he said well. The crimes continued to occur intermittently and frequently without being obsessed with the turmoil during this turmoil, but the shadow of the criminal itself has disappeared since it disappeared at that time.
The predominant theory was that the purpose of the first astonishing crime was to collect the uterus. It does not originate from superstitions or religious paranoia, but it is not just a phenomenon of a special collector mania. It is said that it is a calm corporate act for the purpose of good profit. Take the uterus and sell it. The uterus sells. It is surprising, but true, that the liver, uterus, and brain sac have commercial value in some areas. However, the youkai who wear this "long black cloak" and live in the darkness "Ankoku" use their prostitutes as prostitutes on the street like their wishes "Shingan". It was limited to women. It wasn't limited to prostitutes to rob the uterus, because ordinary women should have a healthier, cleaner uterus and be more suitable for commercial purposes. It must be said that this uterine prostitution theory does not apply in the case of "slashing Jack". However, because this kind of woman is the fastest way to approach an unknown woman, kill it, and rob her of her womb, she naturally gave the impression that she chose a prostitute. Speaking of which, it's not unexplained, but Jack wasn't satisfied with just killing the other whore, as if he was in retaliation. As if it wouldn't be irritating without it, even the lump of meat after the death of life is left as it is, with the lust of "Omomu" [# Ruby's "Omomu" is "Omo" in the bottom line] He is secretly doing pleasure with all his joy. In particular, the death of one Kelly Watts who was murdered at his home in Miraa Kouto, the above-mentioned Dolset Street, is different from all other crimes committed outdoors, such as the corpse of the victim. Because the bedroom was the scene, the monster stayed calmly for a long time and enjoyed the metamorphosis habit without regret, probably because he had enough time and four walls to enjoy the "blood feast". The chest and abdomen did not retain the prototype of the human body, and the room looked like a slaughterhouse. In fact, the incident was incandescently the worst of all the crimes, but the police officers who stepped in after receiving the notification had an unexpectedly sour nose and a sickening odor. It was said that they all gathered in one place and vomited because they faced each other. This outrageous wolf 藉, a thorough insensitivity, shouted "a perfect score of horror" in the newspaper at that time, and was stunned as "a complete overrun of humanity". ..
When this happened, people said that this was the work of the demon "Damon" who haunted freely | rampant "Let's go". In fact, it is difficult to find a kind of cruel crime that is comparable to this in the history of world crime, but above all, what you should pay attention to here is, as I said before. The criminal killed only a prostitute near Whitechapel. Isn't this an important peculiarity that implies the motive of this crime? Isn't it possible to read something like his "words" there? In fact, the criminal Jack announced one intention with this characteristic crime and spoke to the world.
His act is loudly insisting on what [# "what" is an emphasis mark]. I think that the key word "Kii Waad" that solves the mystery of all Rippaa cases is hidden in the examination of this "what". Anyway, for some reason, the person named "Jack Ze Rippaa" aims to shake the East End prostitutes and thus London as a whole, their hearts, and their societies. It must have been.
In early winter London, foggy days with soot and smoke continued.
Even after dawn or after dark, people were all over with rumors of a slasher, Rippaa.
Then, the story goes back a little, but it was the early morning after the Baanaa street incident.

4

After mobilizing all the members of the Criminal Department's investigation section and led by Mr. Forstaa on a business trip to the scene, a young woman rushed into the place where Dai Brown remained at the Metropolitan Police Department as the chief of the absence division in order to contact him.
Mr. Brown was busy accepting the ever-increasing report calls from Mr. Forstaa at the scene, but when he heard that the woman had come to say something about the Rippaa case, he immediately invited him to his private room for an interview.
Ethel Lions was one of Tsuji-kun's territory in the East End, as Brown identified with a single eye from his outfit. He was so excited that when he saw Mr Brown, he suddenly tried to hug him, "as if he had met his father for the first time in years." Mr. Brown is accustomed to dealing with a woman with such a passionate street as "Shokushogara", so he immediately goes out in the downtown style "Kakuney", which he is good at, and talks about it from the mouth of Lions. I pulled out that.
It should be noted that Puckaa's testimony that he saw the criminal the night before was already on the phone from Forstaa, who was in Baanaa, and he had been informed to Brown, but since it was early in the morning, it was still Nothing was known to the general public before it was published in the newspaper.
With this in mind, when I listened to what Lions said, it was like this.
Last night, when he heard that a slasher 《Rippaa》 had appeared in Baanaa Street, Lions took the plunge and appeared to describe his experience, but according to it, she is taking a lot of life.
A few days ago at midnight, as usual, when I was walking in the Pinchin streets of Whitechapel looking for a partner, a man who came from the other side greeted me with his hand on his hat like an acquaintance. This is a camouflage-like practice when a man summons a prostitute on the street. In Pinchin Street, there are many houses of Jewish small merchants, and many of them have entrances that look like round gates. It was still foggy in London around this time, but it was a moonlit night in the depths of the fog, so the two talked under one of the outs, avoiding the public eye.
"Why don't you take me to a quiet place you know?"
The man said this. As I said, I shook my pants pocket and rang the money. He says he has money like this.
Here, Lions testified that this man's tone probably had an American accent. This is relatively credible because it's a prostitute who deals with people from all over the world, but Lions did say that the man was "American or someone who had been in America for a long time." He asserted in front of Mr Brown that there was no difference.
And while the negotiations were in progress, the man was constantly moving his head and keeping an eye on the left and right sides of the traffic, as if he was afraid of people coming. In the Ritzpaa case, prostitutes around here are in the process of rising. Really, Lions would like to withdraw their house without exposing themselves to the danger of swelling at night, but then they came out scared because their business was up. However, while watching the situation of the other party, what could be called the sixth sense constantly issued a warning to the Lions. And, still to be careful, the man always turns to the dark side when a person passes by and remembers to be careful not to see his face. Lions, who were trapped in accelerating fear with "Jack" in mind, are wondering about making an excuse to accompany them, and fortunately there are three women in the same industry who are acquainted with each other. I passed by. The lions left the man to escape, joined the group and left.
Mr. Brown hid the physiognomy that Pakkaa saw and asked Lions what kind of man he was.
"I know a lot, but I think it's about fifty, tall, thin man? He has a beard."
In order to confirm the woman's feelings, she hung a sickle on purpose. "No. I'm a thirty-something young person. I'm normal in height and I'm not thin. I had a solid body. No, I don't have a beard."
There is something that matches the testimony of Pakkaa.
"I don't think I was wearing a cloak."
"I wore it. It was a black cloak with a strangely long hem."
Mr. Brown screamed in his heart. From that time on, the "long black cloak" was secretly the focus of the investigation, but according to Lions, this "coat" is a dialect of the United States. It's called "ki".
No matter how brutal, insensitive, or bloodthirsty a human being, unless he is a beast or a madman, the thorough violence of the Kelly aka Watts killing at Rooku in that Dolset town It is thought that it cannot be shown as long as it is covered with human skin. At this point, it was inevitable that "Jack to slash" must be a mentally ill person. That is, a madman who escaped from a hospital or a cage room at home, or a person who was allowed to be discharged under the misdiagnosis of complete recovery, or a person who was completely recovered and left the doctor, and then relapsed. It will be "Shogyo". This is an imagination that should be horrified, as if a beast was thrown into the city, but the crime of a madman who was allowed to leave the hospital early is not rare. However, this was an amateur's speculation, and at the same time as the first Rippaa incident broke out, the police focused on this point as soon as possible, sending telegrams of inquiries not only in the United Kingdom but also widely from the European continent to South America. We collected information such as the existence of a mental hospital and the subsequent movements of a violent patient who was discharged from the hospital, but after that, only one notice from Mosco, which was mentioned last time, gave us some remarkable clues. I couldn't. However, it is the world's largest slum where various human beings swirl like the mouth of a large river at high tide and compete for the flow. Since we don't even know the exact population, it's not always the case that what kind of "beast" is infiltrating. But if "Rippaa Jack" was a madman, the crime would have to be more capricious and more unorganized. That is, if you are a little mentally ill, you should be able to grab the tail someday, even if the criminal traces are cleverly abandoned. Of course, there are many types and steps of mental illness in a bite, but when you put together the facts that appeared in various cases, it seems that this Jack is not a madman but an ordinary person or more. 》 I can only think of it as something. Also, as a mentally ill person, he hides his pathological characteristics, and experts disagree on this point as to what kind and degree of patient he can be recognized academically. Finally, I didn't know the whole thing. Some authoritative criminologists must have had a kind of perverted sexual desire, a perverted paraphilia, and a seizure of epileptic rage. Insisted by, this theory was made exclusively as an explanation of the motive. Dr. Foubs Winslow, a well-known psychopathologist, told visiting newspaper reporter Guy Logan that the murderer was usually normal and calm, except in the case of individual erotic seizure frenzy. He states that he will be a strong citizen.
"He must have committed a crime, returned home, and woke up from that temporary passion in the morning, and he must not remember what he had done the night before."
Dr. Winslow said:
However, no matter how well-known experts say, it must be said that this is quite strange from the facts. Indeed, it can be affirmed that the criminal is a madman, Monomaniac, who is being driven by a certain illness, and is committing this crime, but Dr. Winslow envisions. Will a paroxysmal confusion, such as a sleepwalker, wander the night streets, hiding his weapons, for the obvious purpose of murder? Not only that, but all of Jack's actions make it clear that his crimes are a meticulous plan from the beginning. If you admit that the postcard and letter signed by "Jack the Ripper" written in human blood that came to Central News, which I mentioned last time, were written by the criminal, not by somebody's mischief. -In fact, as the incident progressed, I had to believe that this communication came from the true criminal. That's why his "declaration" written there has been steadily transferred to faithful fulfillment, and he can find the victims of the prostitutes he wants in what city. Knowing the exact "hole" (spat) that can be done, and how to approach it in reality, the "promise of business" is followed, and moreover, each crime is so brilliantly disappeared from the warning line. .. The problem here again is his "long black cloak". The Rippaa incident swept the entire city of London, centered on the East End, like a fresh-blooded typhoon. Jack sewed the open-air Yokocho from dark to dark, like a thrill kill in a magical cloak, and made the leap as he wanted. Before his departure, the Metropolitan Police Department was even seemingly helpless. When this happens, this seems to be a natural phenomenon that transcends human resources, and even the Londoners who fought in fear at the beginning and did not neglect the ball of the line, went to the day. 》 As you get used to it, it feels like someone else's affairs, and since it's an Englishman who likes humor, one day he'll be wearing a manga comic book in a newspaper magazine, a review of a yose, and a ball costume. Rippaa came to show the eccentric illusion that it was a big hit. Then again, it is very harmful to the ritual "Fukyo" to raise this human beast to such a popular focus, and first of all, there is an opposition movement due to unscrupulousness, anyway, the important criminal investigation A variety of * [# vertical bars made with "rubbing" pierce down, 4th level 2-13-28] on the side of the road, which was born from the story, but it appears in this manga. The coming "Jack", his dress on stage and masquerade, was always supposed to wear that, too famous "long black cloak". It is a cloak that is inseparable from this criminal. He took it off and put it aside in the event of a crime, and at the same time he performed "surgery" and at the same time wore this cloak over his bloody garment, hiding his blood and escaping the attention of the pilgrims. It's hard to imagine that it would have been a walk back home. Otherwise, there is no way you can do it along the way, no matter how short the distance, even at midnight, in the blood. And for this purpose, it must have been more convenient to be "black" and "long". The East End is a city that never sleeps. The night hawk looking for a man and the man looking for a man are passers-by at night. Even though it's the end of the field, it's not a lonely place. At that time, every night, a large-scale cordon such as martial law was stretched, and police officers who were tired of their investigations were tired of their investigations. .. The suspicious question was thrown without any discrimination. Those who were suspicious, even if they were trivial, were mercilessly detained. It is said that there are a large number of people just caught in the net. However, in the meantime, only the man who should have just killed a person, irritated the corpse, played with raw blood, and crawled out of the whole-body paint box leaked through the eyes of this dense net. No one was able to do anything just once. No, no matter who did it, he wasn't glared at when he was suspicious enough to pursue it. This point, and this one point, is said to be the mysterious crown of the All Rippaa case. Thousands and hundreds of people have been ordered to stop on the streets, asked frosty questions, asked for identification, and undergoing an immediate physical examination-the only person to look at. What an irony it is that it finally ended without touching the tentacles of this law!

5

"Jack of the Ripper" curses all the prostitutes in the Whitechapel area by saying something [# "something" as an emphasis mark], and kills the prostitutes regardless of the opponent. It was Jack's purpose, which is now generally believed to be a plot. He didn't know how tired he was to satisfy his revenge, burning with hatred and resentment. What is the root cause? Nowadays, only estimation is allowed there. Jack was also infected with malignant syphilis from a prostitute near here, which may have plunged his life into the mud. At the very least, he felt that way, and the wrath of his desperation-quite irrational-dried him blindly and obsessively. There is no difference in the fact that the blade of Nen was swayed and this terrible means of retaliation was adopted. One of the most terrifying East End poor prostitutes as a vehicle for the disease, physically and mentally, messed up Jack's life. In his brain, which was afflicted with evil, the unjust logic that one sin should be carried by the whole may have naturally fermented and grown.
During that time, information from overseas was constantly reaching the Metropolitan Police Department.
A little before this, in Texas, North America, from winter to early spring, there was a series of crimes that closely resembled the Rippaa case. Although not as wild as London, a similar genital anatomy was added to the corpse. The victim was, to a limited extent, a black whore peculiar to the region.
It was said that the criminal was a young Jew born in a foreign country, but of course he was not caught at all because he was uncertain about himself. When the Rippaa incident reached a storm surge in London, Texas's leading newspaper, Atlanta Kanstitution, pointed out the similarities between the two, citing the details of the black woman massacre and pointing out the similarities between the two. Ze Rippaa argued that the Texas criminal must have traveled to England and re-started his career, but anyway, shortly after the Rippaa turmoil ended in London, the following year. In early summer, a similar devilish ｜ London is now chilling the heart of Managa City.
Managa City is the capital of the Republic of Nikaraga, Central America. At the same time as the incident occurred in the city, the Metropolitan Police Department immediately referred to the city police and received a detailed report on the incident, but according to the documents, the criminal situation, genital "slashing" There are things like how to "split", the density of mystery surrounding the criminal, etc., all of which are similar to the tricks of "Rippaa Jack", and of course, Jack is after the last crime in London. The theory arose that it appeared in Central America across the Atlantic Ocean. At first glance, there is a view of the association "Fukai", but if you reconsider it, it seems very likely. Whether the criminal of Nikaraga was the slaughterer Jack of London-that is, since the criminal was not caught in Nikaraga, either affirming or denying it, there is no pure imagination. When crimes become so mysterious, there are various ridiculous "Mukei" * [# vertical bars made with "Moko" pierce down, 4th level 2-13-28]. Naturally, it seems that criminals have a strange common psychology to heroize and decorate themselves when it comes to it. Then, for the time being, the one who was sentenced to death in another case continued to officially confess that he was Jack, and bothered the authorities. At first, the public was excited, but as we were all the rage, so many self-proclaimed Jacks appeared, and no one was seriously dealing with them anymore.
However, the theory that the young Jew who was the criminal of Texas was Jack is still heavily seen by researchers in the Rippaa case. Lions also claim that the man's words that night impressed him with the American accent, and that letter and postcard to Central News, the opening word. The phrase Dear Boss is clearly an American slang word that you should never use in the UK. However, only Pakkaa in the example says that the language of the customer who sold the grapes did not seem to imply any United States, but his response was only [# "emphasis mark"]. In this respect, Puckaa's testimony is not very reliable, because it is the moment of the moment, and it is possible to disguise "Desugais" while being aware of the voice and tone.
And one more thing, which was announced later, was at the time of the 29th incident on Humberii Street. Victim Anyi Chapman may have stripped from the criminal's clothes during the fight * [# "To Hen +", 3rd level 1-84-80] "Mo", just below the corpse's body, There was a button on my back. On the back, a small trademark called H & Q was stamped. The research on this button was undertaken by the London Chamber of Commerce at the request of the Metropolitan Police Department. And it turned out that the H & Q button was a product of the Hendrix End Quentin company in Chicago, USA. Inspector Andruus jumped out of the Metropolitan Police Department on the same day, although there may have been something else, relying on this clues to grab the clouds as a vague and surface vague-almost hard to call clues. I'm just throwing it on a ship from Southampton to New York. You can see how tearful the efforts of that muscle were. However, it seems that the investigation of this button did not bring any results, and Mr. Andrus was returning to London by karate shortly after he returned.
A few years later, a British madman who had died at a mental hospital in Managa City and was a well-known surgeon confessed to being the true criminal of the Rippaa and Nikaraga cases on his deathbed. I once again made a noise in the world that I had forgotten under the name of "Jack", but of course it was just a complete bullshit. At least the authorities laughed. First of all, what a pleasant nonsense it is because it is a "confession of a madman".



Bottom book: "Bathtub Bride-World Mysterious True Story 1" Contemporary Liberal Arts Library, Social Thought Company
June 15, 1975 (Showa 50) First edition first edition issued
September 30, 1997 (Heisei 9) First edition 8th edition issued
* In determining that the notation in the bottom is a typographical error, "Complete Works of Three People 5 [#" 5 "is a Roman numeral, 1-13-25] World Mysterious True Story: Bride in the Bathtub" November 5, 1969 (Showa 44) I referred to the first edition issue.
* The mixture of "insertion" and "* [# vertical bar made by" rubbing "penetrates down, 4th level 2-13-28]" is the same as the basic.
Input: Susumu Ohno
Proofreading: Saiko Harada
Published February 13, 2002
Revised November 8, 2009
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
