Female thief
Kotaro Tanaka

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Tatebayashi << Tatebayashi >>

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Relatives | Acquaintance "Chiki"

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Numbers are JIS X 0213 area area number or Unicode, base page and number of lines)
(Example) * [# "Woman + Zhu", 3rd level 1-15-80]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

In the castle of Tatebayashi, it was rumors of a female thief, Jozoku. It was a maiden who came to the castle from nowhere. A woman with a beautiful, colorful face, when she tried to catch her, she just stuck to the fitting board on the wall next to her and disappeared as it was. The people of the land called it a maiden, without saying how many people were there.
"Last night, there was a dog screaming behind the scenes, so when I went out and looked at it, I saw a glimpse of a figure, but I don't even know if it was a board woman."
"When the owner of a certain house came home late at night, he said that he rubbed against a woman next to a certain house, but it seems to be a board woman."
"The day before yesterday, on the night of" Ototoi ", a board woman was standing in front of the garden of a certain house, so the master there chased him with a sword, but he couldn't see it as it was. It would have been attached to the fitting board. "
"In a certain town, fifty cars were stolen by a board woman last night."
"At a certain house, when I learned that a board woman was trying to escape with clothes, my wife woman" Saijo "cut with a long sword" Naginata ", and it was attached to the door plate of the wall kitchen" Oshire ". And disappeared. "
"When a certain person passes in front of a certain temple this morning, it seems to be a board woman. When I tried to do it, it stuck to the board wall of the temple and disappeared as it was. "
"Yesterday, at noon, a woman like a board girl went by in the wind of a traveler."
"It seems that the board woman is accompanied by many" many "minions."
"Some of the board women's minions use the technique of hiding themselves by sticking to the fitting board, just like the head."
"It seems that the board woman is a remnant of Kirishitan."
"The board woman is accompanied by a magnificent man like a heavenly heaven * [#" woman + vermilion ", 3rd level 1-15-80]"
"The day before yesterday, in the evening of" Ototoi ", a woman like a board woman * [#" Woman + Zhu ", 3rd level 1-15-80] goes by in front of a certain house, so when I look at it, The woman turned around and laughed with a smile. "
The rumors of a bizarre board woman gave birth to rumors, and in the castle town, I didn't sleep at night. In the meantime, there was a wedding ceremony at a wealthy house in a certain town, and I was invited to a happy seat by my relatives, Chiki, and other people in the vicinity, and it was a treat. It was an autumn night. Some of the female servants who were absent from the house, who had been sent to a wealthy house by the owner of the house, were secretly worried because they thought it would be difficult for them to come to the house even if they were absent.
"You have to pay attention to the surroundings of your house until your husband returns."
Some samurai wives and women pay attention to their friends, etc.
"Pine, tighten the back door tightly, because I don't know if the board woman is aiming for such a night."
There was also Mr. Kami, a merchant who was careful about closing the door to his wife.
"If you're going to come tonight, it's a blow," said one of me, who turned the end of his nose red in the corner of the kitchen and sipped his liquor.
There was a pale moonlight in every garden. The wind was blowing a little. The wind dropped the leaves of the deciduous trees in the garden.
"What is that?"
When the girl listened and listened worriedly, her mother made a strong and calm face.
"Nothing"
"Because there was a rustling noise."
Kosuke still looks uneasy.
Some houses were asking questions such as "That's the wind."
The night was already close to Yotsu. I heard the scream of a loud woman.
"The board woman came, the board woman came, how many people came ..."
"Itajo ... Itajo ..."
"Itame ..."
The woman's voice repeated the board woman several times. Fear became a fact and manifested. The sound of opening the shutters began to be heard here and there. Some people jumped out with a gentle sword. The owner of the family and the young samurai Wakazamurai, who lived in the room, screamed and ran under the moon.
A dozen people gathered at a certain Ashigaru house, but there was no evidence of a thief. The petite wife and woman there was standing at the front door and talking to an acquaintance.
"It's not my house, it's said that a board woman came by the back door, so I thought I was a new man next to me, so I jumped out, but there are no people. Isn't it strange? "
The story was leaked and the ones who gathered shook their heads.
"that's strange"
"How many people?"
"Is it the way?"
"Even so, it's strange that there aren't many people."
A few geese rang through the surface of the moon 《Omotenashi》. Some people looked toward the moon after the turmoil disappeared.
"Itajo ... Itajo ..., Itajo has come ..."
A woman screamed again in the distance. People sank and listened.
"Itajo ..., Itajo ..."
People started running towards that direction. There was a small ditch in front of the house. The sound of rattling the board in the groove was tremendous.
The direction of voice was west. It was an absent home where my husband was working in Edo. An old man who became the father of his husband was at the front door.
"... It's a strange thing, and a woman's voice suddenly comes out in front of the garden, so even if you go out to the garden right away, you won't see the shadow or shape of the person ..."
The light of the candlestick was glimmering on the small white mage.
"... It's a bizarre 10 million, bizarre ...", the old man still says something.
The number of people who came back from the wedding table after hearing a suspicious scream also increased.
"What's the matter? Let's do something like this to make someone ridiculous."
"It may be because of the idiot who tries to play with people by taking advantage of the rumor that the castle maiden is rumored to be a maiden."
"Even so, I think the voice is a lady."
"Shibasa"
A suspicious woman screamed again. People sank the sound.
"... Itajo, ... Itajo"
It was north of there. People started to go to him again. There was a house in the back of the field where the paulownia tree with fallen leaves stood on its bones. The suspicious voice was certainly like that house. People went to the house with an avalanche. About fifty more heads were floating in the moonlight.
A magnificent wife and woman with a long sword Naginata on her side had just come out after opening the submarine in the garden.
"How was it done?"
The wife and woman who went in first and the man who knew him were saying. The wife and woman stopped and saw her face through the moon.
"Oh, Mr. Yamagami ..., now | In the garden of the Shoin in front of me, I heard a suspicious woman screaming, so I'm out in the garden."
I heard a woman scream again.

Fujieda, a samurai of Yamo Megurashi, has returned to his own house. He chased suspicious screams in about forty-five places, but at last he couldn't see what he was, so he became ridiculous and angry, and the people who were running around with him were still the last. Despite talking in front of the house, he dragged his tired leg home alone.
Fujieda hung the gate's hangings, tightened the shoji screen at the entrance that had been left open, and went to the next room while taking off his sword. * [# "Woman + Zhu", 3rd level 1-15-80] A "beautiful" woman wears crossed legs in front of the lantern and draws a rice bowl to the side to enjoy rice. It was "ku". Fujieda was surprised and gazed * [# "eyes + 爭", 3rd level 1-88-85] "Miha".
"Who is it?"
The woman put down the bowl and looked at Fujieda's face.
"It's an outrageous guy to go up to a person's house and eat a meal without permission."
Fujieda touched the handle of the sword. The woman repaired her residence and poked her hands.
"I'm very sorry, I'm traveling for some reason, but I didn't have any money to go to Hatago, so please go to the mansion" Yashiki "and have a meal. I was going to go up, but it seemed that many people were away, so I knew it was bad, but I was hungry and couldn't walk any more. Please do not miss it. "
From the face to the words << words >>, I didn't think he was a bad guy. Fujieda decided to forgive him after deciding. The woman suddenly got up and went to the back of the cupboard behind her. Fujieda surely looked at the woman. The woman disappeared in front of the cupboard like smoke.
"Unu, Itajo, Itajo"
Fujieda pulled out his sword and shook it in front of the cupboard, but there was no answer. He cut around the area like a madman.
"Itame"
There was a bright spot in the kitchen. Fujieda went in suspiciously. The shutter on the back door that was closed in the evening was open and the moon was shining.
(The board woman is the one who escaped from the back door)
Fujieda jumped out to the back door. A figure glimmered in front of me, and it disappeared around the back door.
"The board woman ran away, the board woman ran away"
Fujieda opened the back door and went out to the open air.
"The board woman, the board woman, the board woman ran away"
A suspicious figure was seen again in front of Fujieda.
The people who gathered after hearing Fujieda's voice chased along with Fujieda toward Tonegawa ｜ Beri, but the shadow of the woman could no longer be seen. The group's legs naturally stopped. There was a cloud like a gauze on the surface of the moon.
Two travelers came from the other side. All the eyes of the line went to it. The two travelers were a tall old man and a magnificent, stubborn man. Both of them were sorting their baggage.
"Hello"
And when one of the party went out, the traveler stopped.
"Did you see a suspicious girl, Onago?"
"With a suspicious girl"
And, as if an old man turned around the magnificent man who accompanied him,
"Isn't that?"
A magnificent man
"Well, I went inside the 蘆"
The old man reviewed what came before.
"I saw a girl enter the 蘆 where I came a little from the ferry" I ", is that it?"
"What kind of girl is it?"
"I thought it was a white girl."
"Finally, that girl, I want you to tell me the place."
The traveler stood with an annoying face.

The suspicious woman laid down the 蘆 and scratched the crossed legs to calculate the money that seemed to have been stolen. While counting, I was scratching my hair, which was dripping down, with my sword, so noisy. Between the fingers, it shimmered like a snake scale.
Fujieda's party came with the traveler as a guide. The suspicious woman heard the noise and saw it through the shade of the leaves. There were many "many" figures in front of me.蘆 "Ashi" rang. The woman stood up with a furoshiki wrapped in gold as a sword.
"Don't let it go"
"Defeat"
The pulled out sword was visible through the leaves of the 蘆. The woman tried to run. Fifty-six people are already approaching behind. The woman put her hand in the furoshiki and threw it at her back. Silver and gold "Kin" hit the pursuit's face in pieces. The light of the gold came into their eyes. The woman then threw the money in the furoshiki. The followers stood up looking at the falling money. The gold and silver treasures were thrown away in the 蘆.
The woman disappeared suddenly. The party woke up from the temptation of money and searched for the lid and its surroundings.
"The thief stopped, stopped."
I heard a voice saying from somewhere. The party rushed to that person. A magnificent man who had been in contact with the party stood with a blood sword. The suspicious woman was lying on her back and fell to her feet.
"I could see the woman running, so I chased her alone," said the magnificent man, looking at the faces of the people who came by.



Bottom book: "Japan Kaidan Taizen Vol. 1 Female Kai no Yakata" Kokusho Kankokai
July 10, 1995 (Heisei 7) First edition first edition issued
Parent of the bottom book: "Complete Works of Japanese Kaidan, Volume 4" Kaizousha
1934 (Showa 9)
Input: Takashi Kawayama
Proofreading: Hiroshi Kadota
Created March 8, 2012
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
