"Guo Ziyi"
Hasegawa Shigure

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Yanagisawa Yanagisawa

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Numbers are JIS X 0213 area area number, or original page and number of lines)
(Example) * [# "廴 + 囘", 4th level 2-12-11]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

The width of "Kuwakushigi" by Yanagisawa Kiyau was at the birthplace of Kawakushi. Of course, it is not the true writing of Yanagisawa Kiyoshi. If it is a real thing, even at that time, it will be a Mantoifu-class transaction. Or, if it was something that I had in my mind, such as today's swordsman, it might have been Yahariman or a thousand or so.
It was very large, and it wasn't even in the alcove where the tea was in the alcove of my birthplace, "Uchi", whether it was the Shoin or not. Unless it was a main floor with a width of two kens, it would have been wonderful if the first length was not enough.
First of all, it's not always good because it's big, but this axis was pretty good. It's not great, but it's certainly good. Children have a strange intuition, and more than anything else, they can be seen in the true spirit of their own, and they can grasp things that adults can't think of. Thing. Whether it's good or bad, you won't be dazzled by your name or case. I wasn't distorted by the fact that my child's forensic eyes were high, so I was always laughed at when I was trapped in the absent-mindedness of my childhood. I'm in trouble. However, the lowness of the product, which is said to be a monaka, is unbelievable no matter how you think about it.
By the way, I think that neither Yanagisawa Kiyoshi nor Kien had a seal. It is said that it is Yanagisawa Yasushi, but it is a sham. However, since it belongs to a well-known person and it takes a large amount of time, it is said that it is a hoe, but even if it is a hoe, the person who transferred it is a landlord, and if it is a masterpiece, the followers of people who come and go as well It's hot, but I knew in the neighborhood that there was a congratulatory message for "Kuwakushigi" in my house.
One day, Kosou and Ifu painter-the brother of Shikō Imamura, who was a painter of the art school and left the famous "fallen leaves", while drinking alcohol with his father as usual-Kosou is a heavy drinker. , I'm different from my father's age, but because I'm sick, I've come to drink alcohol-someday the story is about the width of "Guo Ziyi", maybe it's Kaedeko. Let's do it. When he was young at the gate of Dr. Yosai, he said that he had heard that he had managed to manage Yanagisawa's "Guo Ziyi".
This is nothing wrong when you think about it today. Losing good things is a loss of the world, so it is not wrong to be asked or asked to be insulted, but the person at that time is stiff and insulted. I don't want to make a fake, insult the person, and refrain from letting my child listen to me. I also did my father. Kaedeko is Matsumoto Kaedeko, and was one of the famous oysters of the Meiji era.
Komune Imamura was a disciple of Mr. Kaedeko. Purple crimson is also savory. Komune often said this. I've become left-handed, but my brother is right-handed, and if I have a little money, I'll drink, and my brother will come and look at the torn armor. I also bought a secondhand book reference book and praised it. I was afraid that my study was wrong, but if I didn't leave it to the power of heavy sake and draw it to the master, it seems that I had reached a high place. In my hand, two large peony flowers of Kirito, which he left behind in his later years, are very drawn on the peony.
In the world around the Meiji Restoration, there were cases where it was not possible to squeeze in the sword, and it was only about 20 or 25 years after that, so the sword at that time was a problem in life. Since the things that happened come to me, even if it is Komune, there is no fear that the teachers will not be able to hear it as if they had forged the ones of their predecessors. No, I wasn't completely obsessed with it, but I was confused when I said that it happened.
Guo Ziyi's 圖 and I always forgot whether it had a title that we wanted to see. The Tang dynasty Guo Ziyi and his wife played a central role in surrounding the old man and his wife, with only boys on one side and girls on one side. The yaharagi and joy of writing, talking, playing, and flirting with each other, and the joy and joy of the descendants of Nagahisa Shigeru are full of width, so I often borrow them for marriage and son-in-law. Was done. Especially when the Nihonbashi Club arrived in Hamacho, I decided to make the Ohiroma of the Japanese room a banquet, and then I heard that and came to borrow.
Guo Ziyi of the Tang dynasty lived until the age of 85, had many descendants, and was called a king among his vassals. However, Minoru said that the two widths were less interesting than the wedding of some people-the result was less interesting, and my father was happy to lend it to others. I wondered if I was disgusted or not, and later I sweared at others. However, if you hang that axis, even though it is not that you were sad after that marriage, even after that marriage, you should be happy with "Guo Ziyi" with a sword [# "Hame" as an emphasis mark]. The width of the axle has been made unsightly, but of course the sin is not in this width, but the customs of that era should be cursed.
Why did you put the crime of unsuccessful marriage "Konin" on the width of the "Guo Ziyi" hung between the floors? In the middle of the Meiji era, the feudal heritage was probably preserved. From the beginning of the Meiji era, the process of getting married is as old as it was, while the civilization and the ill-fated Jiyoung mage were cut off. What's worse, it's an era of the rise of capitalism, and one or two, gold, gold. At the bottom, the samurai still flutter, and the face is one rank higher than the commoners, so even the townhouses are still respected. So, the old noren with gold, and today's commerce is lively, but in the downtown area, the snort is strong, and then the gold * [# "廴 + 囘", 4th level 2- 12-11] A good store. The reason why the bureaucrats weren't so fooled is that it's better to say that the people have settled down after a period of time. First and foremost, rather than marrying a person, the parents of the bride, who had the idea of the predecessor, were able to catch the fish in the house, in the name of the house, or more. I wanted. He didn't even know that it was the cause of the bankruptcy. In the midst of such incomprehension, Zhou 圍 grows up in a deep window and does not fall in the wind of the world, so she just wants to know nothing, and the daughters who are thought of by their parents and others are their own daughters. However, even after I had no awakening, the violent current flow that flowed to the bottom-a female predecessor somehow felt the luck of herself and shook herself in her soul. Because I was a soul, I couldn't just follow the sequence of "one". There may be marriages for that purpose, but among them, about two marriages that were thought to be too ignorant are left in my heart as something I will never forget.
It was the beginning of the 20's of the Meiji era. At one point, there was a store where only wholesalers of cotton and hardware came to the town of Yauna, which had been in the neighborhood for decades, with bright colors. Everything, such as moving from Nagoya, became a public relations today, and it was too bad to be a beautiful daughter and a wholesaler of colorful Western umbrellas. I gave a strong stimulus to the gloomy town.
The daughters of the town are not two or three beautiful women, even if I know them, and they are all beautiful, but they are all deep windows. So, I couldn't see it in the human eye. The wholesaler's shop owners just humbly made rumors, but the new daughter of the Western umbrella wholesaler is a woman with a dazzling purple, red, yellow, and blue color. It was not possible to catch the eyes of young people, just like the commercial style of the store, which opens, squeezes, and hangs "Umbrella". Her work was rich and consciously fascinating rather than pretty. The girl often goes out to the store. This is something that can't be seen in a house with a lot of men's shops. What's more, at dusk, their corps, with a beautiful older mother who wasn't seen in a solid family, was just a woman to Nichiren. I went to the house.
This is nothing to see as a walk, but when the owner of the store wasn't for the store, the neighborhood where it was customary to go out from the back door of the new road was terrifying. They sometimes went to the public bath again, but they walked along the street town "Chiyau" without going on the new road. What's more, it's the time when the curtains of each house are removed, so both the clerk and the young master are the time to stand in front of the store and take a breather all day, so go there. The rumor was overwhelming because it received a novel and gorgeous stimulus. Yukino Shimada's daughter, who is too big, has become a wonderful Komachi girl, who is more humane than her essence.
The daughter was married to a wealthy sugar wholesaler in Kobunachiyau. Its reputation also earned a lot of credit, but before it was the "Guo Ziyi" group of my house. I suddenly died, thinking that I was celebrated as having a pregnancy. Rumor has it that the marriage is a very solid landlord, so I'm hungry and unbearable because I'm hungry from a family that's lonely and appendicitis. I was called when I picked up some food and put it in my mouth, so I drank it in a hurry and died. Was it a terrible morning sickness, an appendix, or a thoughtful death? If it was a normal death, it would have been no longer an acute illness, but in the end it might have been due to a fierce swearing when he was at his birthplace because of the old constitution.
And, one person, in the eyes of his parents, had a sad marriage of a gentle daughter who was blindly obedient.
The daughter's parents fell in love with the structure of the corner store, at the landowner's possession, and it was wide enough to glance at people's eyes. The commercial style was also very flashy. He was the son of a stubborn man, and his old father was-a man of about eighty years old who could be with him at all. The matchmaker shook up the matchmaker, even though he was the only one of the eighty old men and his wife, who was the only one of them. I see, I don't have a mother-in-law, and if I'm eighty years old, I shouldn't have a life. The mother was more enthusiastic than her daughter-in-law. The energetic forty-girl talked about the joy of cutting the inside and outside of her daughter's married house in the landlord, and eventually she also hand-picked it. The matchmaker said that even though he had few relatives, he was comfortable with his wife.
However, the married family was dismissed as to why they had few blood ties, and it was possible to question them. It was said that this was a sad thing, and then it was slaughtered later, and that's why it was a mess, but for Mono no aware, it was only a festival after nothing happened. There were eight brothers of a son-in-law in the house, but they all died around the age. What's more, he suddenly found a bride for his youngest and youngest son, and apparently he also suffered from depression. Maybe, the 80-year-old old man was upset.
The 80-year-old old man was as strong as a demon. Perhaps he had thought that his youngest son was no good [# "no good" as an emphasis mark], and he tried to leave his grandson and leave his grandson, so he was sick and sick. I made a white arrow on my daughter. Everything was secret and secret, and it was hidden that there was an evil illness. The daughter's parents were relieved to look only for their appearance and celebrated their daughter's happiness. After making a match, my daughter's mother was sick. It's a beautiful man who is transparent, fair-skinned, well-shaped, and has no actors.
The beautiful man's mother was the wife of a strong old man, and his wife's birthplace died of tuberculosis in the house. And up to seven out of eight children were born to the woman, and when she grew up, she died, and at last the woman had just died of her illness. Now, let's say, from now on, a family who has no pessimism or thoughts about illness will join together to give birth to a frail first grandchild and let him die immediately. Shimahi, mourning it, chased after his son, and the wife of Ki's poisonous sacrifice also became intestinal tuberculosis.
Such a mischievous marriage is left unlucky, and the daughter of the house is unlucky, you are born without luck, and even though you got married to a good place, the husband's luck Hmm, I was so bad that I died, and even if my daughter killed my son-in-law, I couldn't help but think of my mother-in-law. There was no mercy on my daughter. As in the case of his son, if he wanted to get rid of the intestinal tuberculosis illness, he would look for a man who was distantly related to the countryside. Of course, it was an adopted child, and I was trying to get married to my deceased daughter-in-law, so I was disciplined by my sons, so this time it is just a sturdy set, and it is said that I do not have to praise the characters. -My daughter's brother-in-law, who was married to a sword, rebelled suddenly. I didn't need anything, I just wanted to go back. Even to the large "Ohogama" of the Kakuten, the large land and housework of the daimyo's house had a lot of debt as it was a large asset, and the house was just like the children. Tsuta. In such a troublesome family, a sick woman who can have an ignorant son-in-law must have made it, but this is also at the wedding reception, as in the case of Guo Ziyi. Because it was wide, he took a blame to the place where he was sick. However, it seems that many of the things that can be associated with old-fashioned mourning are such things. Therefore, there is nothing to say about the marriage of the side who does not encounter the misfortune. Or, peaceful happiness may have been given to the side with nothing, but when a person can be happy, happiness is not considered to be happiness, so the width and owner of "Guo Ziyi" always I was unlucky when I saw it.
[# Raise two characters from the ground] ("Toyo" June 1945)



Bottom book: "Peach" Chuokoron-sha
Issued on February 10, 1939 (Showa 14)
First appearance: "Toyo, June 1945"
June 1936 (Showa 11)
Input: Hiroshi Kadota
Proofreading: Sensui Ebisu
Created January 4, 2009
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
