Kaku-san and Atsumi
--Recent Koji Uno--
Ryunosuke Akutagawa

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Togama

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) [# Indented 3 characters from heaven] Child sickle "Togama" Birdlime Maro Uno rubs up and cuts grass to horse breeder
-------------------------------------------------- -----

Koji Uno is an intelligent person. At the same time, he is also a sensitive person. However, the original comedic spirit may deceive people. However, he is an extremely rare person who deceives himself.
Not only that, Koji Uno is a person who rarely becomes irritated like a person who has both senses and wisdom, even though he does not show a comic spirit. He is a person who does not get angry about demonstrating a comedic spirit. This may sometimes give Koji Uno a monster look. However, it is also true that there is a unique charm there-for example, a charm for the spiritual chameleon.
Koji Uno is his real name Koji (or next). The dark face of that color must be Kanjiro. In particular, Uno, who plays the shamisen, is Mr. Kaku, who is far from Mr. Hiroshi.
If I wrote a little about my face next, I always felt a little appetite every time I saw Uno's face. I like to cook that face from the cheeks to the ears like Koordo Biff. The piece of meat on the plate is slightly red with white fat. However, when I turned it over a little, the skin on my cheeks, which became a bird's skin, left a sideburns. I once had a fantasy of saying. However, when I actually put it in my mouth, it is a big question whether I can do it as expected. Perhaps no matter how much spices you put on it, the scent of cigarettes that soaked into the sideburns will come out like the scent of lamb.
[# Indented 3 characters from heaven] Child sickle "Togama" Birdlime Maro Uno rubs up and cuts grass to horse breeder



Bottom book: "Okawa no Mizu, Reminiscence, Honjo Ryogoku, Contemporary Japanese Essay" Kodansha Bungei Bunko, Kodansha
Issued the first print on January 10, 1995 (Heisei 7)
Parent of the bottom book: "Complete Works of Ryunosuke Akutagawa, Volumes 1-9, 12" Iwanami Shoten
Published in July, September-December, 1977 (Showa 52), January-April, July 1978 (Showa 53)
Input: Juri Mukai
Calibration: Kiyotaka Sandpit
Created February 12, 2007
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
