hide-and-seek
Kazuko Murayama

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) To stop

/ \: Double dance character (repeated symbol in the shape of a vertically lengthened "ku")
(Example) Don / \
-------------------------------------------------- -----

One day, Mr. Koguma and Mr. Ahiru played hide-and-seek.
Mr. Koguma lost after playing Jyanken. Koguma sneaked under the desk while the duck went to Mukafu's room.
Mr. Koguma, who was hidden under the desk, wondered how long he waited for Mr. Ahiru to come. I spent an hour as a slapstick. Even so, the duck hasn't come to look for it yet.
Mr. Koguma had a pain in his legs and hands because he was sushi in a small place. Koguma was angry and angry. Then, thinking that I should stop the duck, I tried to crawl out from under the desk, but when I found a duck, I was so patient that it was useless. I put up with it.
× × ×
By the way, what did the duck do in the next room? This duck is a very forgotten duck, so I completely forgot to play hide-and-seek with Koguma, and I did it. This is because Ahiru is a girl. First, I put on my mother's clothes, put on a hat, then put on a hat, spread out the umbrellas, went out of the room, and said to Koguma in a loud voice.
"Mr. Koguma, I'm going for a walk from now on."
Mr. Koguma heard that,
I started to say, "I want to go with you, too." But I thought it would be a problem if Ahiru-san grabbed me, so I hurriedly put a lid on my mouth. After that, Mr. Koguma blames him for how many hours he actually did there.
It's finally night.

Even so, Mr. Koguma thought that it was another dimension of patience, and another dimension of patience, so he put up with it. The reason for "why" is that I found such a good hidden place that no one knows, because Mr. Koguma is boring unless he brags to Mr. Ahiru.
Then, before long, there was a sound of the windows opening. And somebody flew through a high window and came and went out again.
While listening to the sound, Mr. Koguma forgot to say that he was playing hide-and-seek. Then, I crawl out from under the desk. And I looked on the desk.
However, there is a white napkin on the desk, so neither Koguma-san nor I, who wrote this story, can understand it.
Then, a small voice was heard from under the napkin. that is,
I heard, "I am the moon."
Mr. Koguma was very pleased to hear that.
"The moon irritating under the napkin, please shine well and make your room as bright as this."
Then, when I thought that the napkin had moved, the light shined from under the napkin, and the room became brighter.
At that time, the forgotten duck came back from the walk. Mr. Koguma jumped at Mr. Ahiru and was delighted.
And when the two of us took the napkins on the desk, the moon wasn't irritated, and there was a delicious delicious feast on a white western plate on the mountain.
The feast was so delicious that they completely forgot about hide-and-seek.



Bottom book: "Japanese Children's Literature Daikei Vol. 26" Holp Shuppan
First print issued on November 30, 1978 (Showa 53)
Parent of the bottom book: "Japanese Fairy Tale Selection Third" Maruzen
December 1928 (Showa 3)
First appearance: "Kids no Tomo" Fujin no Tomosha
June 1927 (Showa 2)
Input: Tomoko Kanno
Calibration: noriko saito
Created August 16, 2011
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
