Return to Kambara Ariake
Sakutaro Hagiwara

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Like this love "love"

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) New orthodox school [# Emphasis mark on "new orthodox school"]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

I left Tokyo at the end of last month. Tokyo is the city I long for. A big city that crawls on the roof of a blue cat even on a snowy night. Now I live in a soot town with a group of craftsmen between the factories and the open fields. Four of us, parents and children, live a sad life in a poor and fragile Nagaya lined with black soot and brick houses. I don't want to leave Tokyo even if I beg, only while I'm eating bread somehow. I want to live in this back town of Proletaria forever. To the crow.

Ariake Kambara is the only poet I worship. It is a stone's throw that you have focused on it. To tell the truth, when I published the poetry collection "Howling at the Moon", I regretted that I couldn't do my best because I begged Professor Ariake Kambara for the preface with repeated letters. Thus, I longed for Mr. Kambara's introduction because I appointed Mr. Kambara's new orthodox school [# "new orthodox school" as an emphasis mark] with my poem. The works around Ariake Poetry Concentration, Duxianqin [# "Duxianqin Lamentations" with a round emphasis mark] are really masterpieces, and I like them so much that I still cry. After all, the emotion is rich and mysterious, and it has a strong oriental scent, just like Poe's lyric poetry. The mysterious and sweet emotion of "love" is known only by me, Ariake. There is nothing mysterious like this love, which is essentially close to the emotion of music. Like my few works in "Howling at the Moon", it is exactly like this Shen Yun and makes it a profane [# "emphasis mark"].
Although I could worship Mr. Kambara, according to some people, Mr. Kambara hurts and feels bad about me. However, the reason is that I once abused Mr. Kambara's poetry. This is really surprising, and of course, I don't remember it at all, so when I looked it up, I once drastically cursed Mr. Rofu Miki and his sect in the writing world, and the poetry at that time. The so-called "symbolic poetry" was thoroughly excluded. However, when I heard it later, Rofu Miki's faction called himself "Ariake Kambara's orthodox school", and in their book "Ariake Kambara", the founder of Japanese symbolic poetry was Ariake Kambara. It is written that what has been systematically developed is Mr. Rofu and his sect. As a result, I thought that I had hit the so-called "symbolic poetry" of Mr. Rofu and others, which was indirectly misrepresented in Mr. Kambara's ears, and even Mr. Kambara, who had already retired from the poetry at that time, mistakenly referred to himself. It seems that it was biased as. According to rumors, after seeing my request for an introduction, Mr. Kambara said, "Some people are ill-mannered to take an introduction to the same person while swearing at a person's art." It's a rumor.
At first, when Mr. Kambara didn't respond to the introductory plea, I thought it was probably because of the odor that geniuses tend to have, but at a later date (recently), the above-mentioned rumor was given. When I found out, I was surprised by myself, and I was regrettable that I was completely distorted by Mr. Kambara, so I was thinking about publishing this rumor in some magazine soon. I got a hint to write from Mr. Yukihitaka's letter, so I would be grateful if you could publish the full text or outline in your magazine. Such an excuse is rather a foolish thing to "a brain with common sense", but be careful because there are many unexpected idiots in the world. That is, Mr. Ariake Kambara and Mr. Rofu Miki belong to completely different things in poetry and poetry, and there is no further correlation. In detail, Mr. Kambara's poetry is romantic and features a mysterious spirit with a rich emotion, but Mr. Rofu and his sect of so-called "symbolic poetry" are completely classical and intelligent. Moreover, it does not have any dreamy or romantic feelings, but rather has the advantage of the beauty of the solemn and intelligent style that is the opposite, so it is as if the Parnassian (symbolic poetry) in the French poetry. Like the former). On the other hand, Mr. Ariake's poetry is a sect of passionate Villereine and Bodreel who developed against this high-ranking poetry sect, that is, the symbolic poetry sect of the French poetry "Samborism" Compared to what people know). Therefore, according to foreign-style names, Kambara Ariake's poetry is a symbolic poem, but Rofu's poetry should belong to the opposite Takatoshi poetry. However, in Japanese poetry, poems such as Mr. Rofu are called symbolic poems, so my words only use this as a stool. Of course, I don't care about the poetry's name, so the point is in the content.
I'm sorry for the digression of my personal communication. Anyway, Ariake Kambara is a pioneer of today's poetry and a genius of eternal value. What I would like to say to today's empty poetry is one word, "Go back to Ariake Kambara." (Omitted below)
[# With ground] ("Rashin" 5th, April 1914)



Bottom book: "Modern Poetry Library 1013 Ariake Kambara Poetry Collection" Shichosha
October 1, 1976 (Showa 51)
Parent of the bottom book: "Hiunsho" Book Observatory
December 10, 1938 (Showa 13)
First appearance: "Rashin 5th"
April 1925 (Taisho 14)
* This work is a letter from the author to Kiyoshi Fukuhara. It was released by Fukuhara at the request of the author, and at that time, the title "Return to Kambara Ariake" was added by Fukuhara. Fukuhara's words, which indicate the process leading up to the release of this work, were attached to the bottom book, but I omitted it because I could not confirm whether it was in the copyright protection period.
Input: Hayami Hirohashi
Proofreading: Takashi Tsuchiya
Created November 1, 2006
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
