A night with a rocky hut in Karasawa
Ryokichi Oshima

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Karasawa 《Karasawa》

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) 2,500 ｜ Rice bump 《Meter》

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) Rocks [# Emphasis mark on "rocks"]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

Among our friends, we loved this rock hut "Iwakoya" from Karasawa. It seems that there aren't many other places that are so expensive and comfortable. It's a rock hole that is just a little dug under the big flat rock, and the rocks [# "emphasis marks" on the rocks] are piled up and surrounded, and it's a little bothered [#]. It's natural that there are no traces of the work done on the "emphasis mark", and it feels good to match the name of the rock hut. It's the most amazing and nice rocky mountain in Japan, and it's taller than 2,500 | meters. Few places are so expensive, free and comfortable. Best of all, it doesn't smell human. Lying on the dead leaves of the pinus pumila laid in the hole, from between the eaves of the rock, the top of Mae Hotaka and the grate and curl of the rock You can see the big snow surface. Instead, the interior is so low that you always have to crouch or lie down. Speaking of scenery, I can only see the top of the rocky mountain around Karasawa, the rock wall of Karasawa, and the valley of Karasawa falling in front of it, but I can't see the valley of Azusa River. And there isn't much here. It's really quiet. That's good. I like that. I carried rice miso and other sweets and a little drink on my back, and when I came here and set up the pot for four or five days, it seemed that I came to the place where the smell of the mountain was for the first time. I feel like.
When the weather is nice, as soon as you eat breakfast, you can hang it on your shoulder even with Zyle and go to the rock wall you like around you, or Nebengipfel who seems to have no name, or the head of the rock wall 《Atama》 It's also interesting to climb the hill and taste the Gipfelrast, or climb the small Gratzacke with Steinmann. When you get tired of it, come down to the rock hut and do a lizard [# "lizard" side point] on the big rock that is the roof of the hut. Lizards [# "Emphasis mark"] is a special term that has been used among ourselves since one of our friends came here a few years ago and said it. When the weather is nice, I put my stomach on the rock on top of it like a lizard [# "emphasis mark"] and my stomach on the rock that was warmed up by the day, and I closed my eyes and regretted it. It's the fun of falling asleep or sleeping. Instead, when the weather is bad, it's a dormouse. It won't come out until the weather gets better after entering the hole. I can't get out. It's also inconvenient to move because it's low enough to hit your head when you're crouching and carelessly [# "carelessly"]. That's why I thrust my head toward the back and just lie down. It is quite cold when the weather is bad because of the altitude. Rain also falls from the eaves of the rock, and flows down the rock. The wind also blows through the gaps in the rocks. However, there seems to be no place that feels so good. It doesn't matter if it's the weather or it's raining. They talk about what they want to say there, eat as they please, and climb freely. I also want a hut that has a name like a hut, but that's when it's winter or spring. If there's such a nice natural hut everywhere in the summer, I don't really want it if it's just for the summer. Even in the summer, if you come a little early, the rock holes may still be buried in the snow.
Anyway, it is one of the pleasures of coming to Kamikochi in the summer to come here and talk and climb and spend the day as you like. By the way, as one of them, I will write about a friend who has a summer night in the rock hut. I hope this will be a memory of one of our friends at a certain time.

At that time, we were four people. They had just come down from the top of Kita-hotaka to Karasawa Cirque. ... and it was evening twilight. Our steps unconsciously proceeded on the rocky table at the bottom of Karl, which is difficult to walk.
It was a very sunny, calm summer evening. Yugumo was still brilliantly colored on the jagged saw-toothed grate of the Byobuiwa rock in front of my eyes. And the tranquility that couldn't be heard fell below it. In this laid-back evening, the mountains stood around themselves. We were about to descend to that rock hut at the bottom of this Karasawa curl, a place for our nostalgic rest and sleep for a few more nights. At the height of their right hand, Mae Hotaka's head was still scorched by the afterglow of the sunset [# "a little while ago"], and its dark dark purple shadow was that of Senniniwa. It was even above my head. And in the far valley, there was already a shadow of a dark night. At that time, they finally returned to the rock hut. And by the time the small supper "Yuge" was finished, the night was already around me. It was another wonderful night. It was a nice starry night. A great silence embraced everything around this tall mountain.
Beside the fire, we went out of the rock hut. And everyone naturally sat down on the rock in front of it. The chilly night on the mountain hung heavily on them. In the clear jet-black night sky, the stars shimmered in various colors and lights like scales. All four were silently sitting on the rocks, thinking about something and keeping silent with all the pipes. However, it felt like a real fit around the night like this [# "emphasis mark"]. The mountains don't bottom out like rainy or windy nights, so they're not terrifying and oppressive, but they're so calm and quiet that they show a heavy silence. It was. "Mountains sometimes put pressure on their bystanders, and at the same time, bystanders often experience the mountains in harmony with his mood. There are times, "said Mammelii, but at that time their feelings were certainly like the latter. Behind and to the side of ourselves, there are rock walls and peaks in the darkness in black [# "emphasis mark"], which stands out in a big figure, but at this time for us If it didn't look scary at all, it wouldn't seem terrible, but rather the mountain surrounding more than half of this round [# "round"" was only a kind big windbreak. .. And the little rock hut in the middle couldn't be thought of as a cradle where mountain babies like ourselves sleep. It may be funny to say it, but the mountains looked so intimate. But the only thing this quietness doesn't make us sing or laugh. Certainly, the mood of the mountains and their feelings at that time were in harmony.
All four of us were silent. However, we all knew that we had this kind of feeling only because we knew each other well. And I also knew that what each person was thinking silently was an important thing for those who climbed a certain mountain. During a chat after the dinner, we lost a mountain friend in the mountains that we knew as well as our friends in the winter of that year. A little [# "a little" sideline] came out when my friends came to this rock hut with them in the summer of the previous year and spent some fun days. It was. And, as they argued, they avoided the story. Then I was silent. They went out and sat down on the rock. And even then, he was silent.
Until that time, each of us was walking on a lonely road about one thought that appeared in each << each >>'s mind like the focus of light. Suddenly, I heard a rock crashing from that fragile rock wall of Mt. Hotaka. The sound of hitting the rock wall a couple of times was heard in the silence of the night. And when it was over, it was so quiet that it couldn't be said again.
At that time, as if one person had an idea, he asked a question in front of them. -
"Hey, how do you guys think you're going to die in the mountains?"
They all had the same feelings and were thinking about the same thing, and it seemed as if someone was looking forward to hearing the beginning of the story. This word fell there. Of course, it echoed. From the very beginning, our hearts are on top of this high mountain, and in the dark, in this mountain where we are trying to lose our precious companion at any time without anyone knowing. He was telling us to build a new belief about the unfortunate Gefalen, that even ourselves might eventually die in the mountains.
One person answered it immediately and said. -
"It's destined to come across him naturally to climb a mountain."
"Yeah, yeah, that's why everyone will come across that fate someday to climb the mountain."
"That's not right. I don't have to be with everyone. I'm sorry that the lucky guy doesn't have it. And the guy who climbs the mountain doesn't have such a fate at all. There is also a guy. "
"What kind of person is that kind of person?"
"Well, I mean, it's kind of like one day after all. I went with one day's big brother when he went to Toyama when he was killed, and he said at that time. Said to me a lot [# "My brother used to tell me"], I'm sure I'll be able to do it in the mountains someday [# "I'm sure I'll be able to do it in the mountains someday" Emphasis mark], I was impressed to hear that. However, I was a little excited at that time. And at that moment I immediately remembered that word from Mammelii, you know, I don't remember it well, but It is true the great ridges sometimes demand their sacrifice, but the mountaineer would hardly forgo his worship though he knew himself. The guy who said to be the destined victim. Then, if I kept talking to H without sleeping all night, I slammed tomorrow. ………… So, if you think of something like One Day or Mammelii, you'll come across that kind of fate. In fact, they both came across. However, the ones who die in the mountains [# "emphasis mark"] are not all like this. There are some who die with no guns, and some who can go to the bullshit [# "emphasis mark"]. But that doesn't matter. Be careful, do some research, and even if you're confident, it's not that you've done it. Mammelii said the word "earlier" after discussing the dangers of mountain climbing in detail in the chapter "Penalty and danger of mountaineering." There is such a danger in mountain climbing. And it can thus be avoided and won. However, the misfortune of the climber is inevitable, and he brought the previous words after that. Even one day would be so. In "Mountains and Skis", "The other side of the mountain that I didn't even know in my dreams, which I had just started when I settled down step by step with the certainty that human power could reach, was squeezed by ourselves. Isn't it written that "it responds to my chest"? Probably that's what I did and I was still killed. If you go that far, I think it's fate to say that the rest is fate. So, for those guys [# "the guys" as an emphasis mark], you might not think that mountain climbing is a hobby or a sport. "
The one who answered enthusiastically said without getting tired.
"Sports, hobbies, of course not so. I don't think my mountain climbing is sport right now, I don't have any hobbies, I don't know, but it's more suitable for me than that. . "
In the darkness of a new person, he received the words immediately before him and made a strong statement. The silence continued for a while. Then
"Anyway, there aren't many things that human beings are doing with the idea of dying in mind, at least for the dumplings [#" the emphasis marks on "the dumplings"]. It was one of our companions who went with the dead friend at that time, saying that he had swallowed the rest of the words without saying much. He was the one who had the most extraordinary experience of his peers at that time. So, with the deepest belief about mountain disasters, they are especially compared to themselves. But they didn't tell them. They didn't dare to open their hearts to themselves. But they just said this. "Since then, the mountains have become even more difficult for me. Tateyama has always been my favorite mountain, but from that time on, I've become even more fond of it." I didn't say anything. The story was interrupted again. Each thought had to walk alone in each heart.
At that time, various things came to my mind. A dark, guilty thought plagued me, and a great deal of pressure filled my heart. And finally, the mountain was a mysterious attraction to me, and I thought that death on the mountain was probably the fate of my satisfaction and acceptance when it came. At that time, the bright smile of youth and the energetic Ravens Graube spread to my heart as my soulful unter tone. Even if you think about death and feel it strongly, the brilliance of youth still hides its darkness. For them, for them, death in the mountains is a predestina zion with no regrets that they should never wish for, but not the desired result, and be satisfied and accepted when it comes. And then the night was becoming more and more clear above their heads. Kazukazu's stars were strong and shining brightly, as if to suggest their own great eternity. The idea of one human being and the existence of one human being seemed to contrast with each other. Then it was then. Suddenly, a meteor suddenly flashed in the night sky [# "emphasis mark"] with a strong and momentary sparkle, and disappeared as if it had given a revelation. The reason for the destruction of all things. Suddenly, the voice of a friend broke the weight of silence and was released loosely. They said to their smiley faces, praising the color of joy that overflowed.
"Hey, we'll die someday, but the mountains will disappear someday."

[# Indent from here]
It must be refused that this one epic did not express the fact that it was as it was. But both about the experience on the mountain that was laid in it, and the part of the conversational body that was woven into it, they were all real. It's just that they were at different times and places. Therefore, for convenience of description, it was treated here as if it had happened at the same time and place.
Our friends always talked about "mountains" every time they gathered. It included many things. At the same time that he talked about the practicing of mountain climbing, he also talked a lot about the metaphysique of mountain climbing at one time. We are young, so at that time, we were absorbed in talking about various things. Therefore, there may be something that can be called the innocence of adolescents. Certainly, he may have had a straight-line Leiden shaft by the time he was childish for one event at that time. Or, after this, when I looked back after a long time [# "emphasis mark"], there was a terrifyingly serious, energetic, seriousness. And I may have to admit that there was a bit of humorous air. But that doesn't matter to me. I think humans are always walking. Yesterday may not be the same as today. So no matter what deep squeeze [# "emphasis mark"] is between that time and the present, no matter how far there is, it's nothing. We wondered if it could be a "memory" of a certain period of time, and we pulled out this kind of thing "as is" without any decoration and without any cosmetics. So there may be some of our stupid thoughts. However, my sentence is not intended by its contents. It would have been a stupid and false idea. But I dare to say. The power that made me make this sentence is a fragment of what I could grasp in my palm by the power that made me head toward the true path of climbing the mountain in my youth. It existed in that it was thrown into. It's boring, but I dared to add it.
[# End of indentation here]



Bottom book: "Mountain Trip Taisho / Showa Hen" Iwanami Bunko, Iwanami Shoten
Issued the first print on November 14, 2003
Issued the 5th printing on August 6, 2007 (Heisei 19)
Parent of the original: "Fifth year of climbing"
December 1924 (Taisho 13)
First appearance: "Fifth year of climbing"
December 1924 (Taisho 13)
Input: Takashi Kawayama
Proofreading: Hiroshi Kadota
Created June 21, 2009
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
