His motorcycle, her island
Yoshio Kataoka
-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]
"":ruby
(Example) Mt. Asama << Asamayama >>
｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Nozawa | Keiko "Keiko"
[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Numbers are JIS X 0213 area area number or Unicode, base page and number of lines)
(Example) * [# Roman numeral 2, 1-13-22]
-------------------------------------------------- -----
[# Indent 3 characters from here]
I really want you, really
I need you, baby, you can ask God
You can't be real
Oh what should i do
Thanks to you you can be real
Thanks to you you can feel like a lover
You can throw away the wrong miserable feelings thanks to you
Lover, you free me
Thanks to you you can be real
Only you have that kind of power
So I feel like I'm slipping into your sea
Lover, free me.
[# Indent 15 characters from here]
Doors "You Make Me Real"
[# End of indentation here]
[# Breaking]
[# 7 indentation] 1 [# "1" is the middle heading]
I was eating rice balls on a Kawasaki motorcycle.
The side stand was squeezing weeds into the soil.
The seat of the motorcycle was stiff, the left foot with heavy boots touched the ground, and the right foot was lightly placed on the step.
The cool breeze of the plateau blew through from various directions.
Cumulonimbus clouds began to rise far behind Mt. Asama. The sky is deep blue.
I could see Sugadaira on the left side of Asama.
At that time, I was on the plateau of Bessho Onsen, on the other side of the Chikuma River.
Immediately after leaving the inn with the open-air bath "Rotenburo" this morning, I bought it at a gas station vending machine.
Summer Sakari Shinano 《Shinano》. It's lunch while straddling Kawasaki under fine weather and watching the cumulonimbus clouds in Asama.
The rice ball itself was not delicious. However, the situation is wonderful.
When I thought it would be a luxury to have tea with this, I heard footsteps behind me.
I pushed the rest of the nigiri-meshi that I had in my hand into my mouth, and I looked back.
It was a young woman.
As soon as I looked back, my eyes met. She smiled with a very shy look.
I can't change my smile. Both cheeks are bulging with rice balls.
Because the tongue was taken in the rice and umeboshi, it cannot be said to be un or sun. One nod, I desperately bit the rice ball in my mouth.
She walked towards me. He had a smooth body and a light footstep. Moderate length of hair, no make-up, tan face.
A short-sleeved 《Hansode》 dress made of cotton that looks like an off-body with a subdued color, and sandals with straps. I hung a large half-moon shaped basket on my shoulder, and in one hand I folded the map and held it.
Yesterday, the town of Matsumoto that I came to was full of girls on a summer trip like her.
"Oho"
Yo, I tried to say. However, there was still a lot of rice balls in my mouth, so this happened.
She stopped right next to me. And he raised his chin only once and responded to my word "Oho".
The chin is cute. In the wind, her hair fluttered lightly.
She squinted and looked towards the Chikuma River.
"It's a cumulonimbus"
It's a beautiful voice. It's taut and light. The voice is reminiscent of a bright smile and somehow round, stiff and muscular thighs.
"Okay, that's Mt. Asama."
Looking at the map, she said.
I nodded. At the same time as nodding, drink the rice balls,
"Yoo"
I said again.
For some reason she looked at me very brightly. Her eyes are shining and she has a lot of sex appeal around her eyes.
"First time"
"It's my first time. Very nice"
She saw my motorcycle.
"What is this?"
All the female girls are like this.
The fuel tank contained KAWASAKI and the emblem.
"motorcycle"
"beautiful"
It is based on dark blue 《Navy Blue》, and red and white are used only for the fuel tank.
"Where are you from?"
"Tokyo"
"with this?"
Then, I gently touched the handle with one hand.
"so"
She closed her eyes.
I breathed in the air of the plateau to my chest, stopped for a while, opened my eyes, and spit it out like screaming with words.
"Wow, I envy you!"
There was one rice ball on the vinyl bamboo skin.
"Do you want to eat?"
She shook her head.
"I did it early. More than that--"
I removed the knitting basket from my shoulder.
"tea"
"Really"
She offered me a bottle of sig with a burgundy lacquer finish.
"Hojicha. I want to eat it."
It was delicious tea. There was a lot in the bottle, so I drank it without hesitation.
"I like tea, so I carry it with me."
She laughed.
I ate the remaining rice balls.
She was doing something behind me
"Mr. Kawasaki"
I called it.
I slowly looked back.
She was holding a Kodak pocket camera. There was a sound of the shutter falling.
"Everyone can take a picture of every motorcycle."
"I hope it's out of focus"
"why?"
"A rice ball in one hand and a water bottle in one hand"
"It's nice"
She rolled up the film and took a picture of Mt. Asama.
"Let's take a picture"
I had a rice ball, I rubbed my hands well with my blue jeans thighs and received Kodak.
With Sugadaira in the background, I put the top of her breasts in the frame while straddling Kawasaki, and released the shutter.
My helmet on the mirror on the right should have moved together.
"I'll send you a photo"
"OK"
"Because"
"It's okay, apart from that"
"I'm moving with a motorcycle"
"Really"
"I'll send you"
"That's right"
She had already put out a notebook. I taught the street address of my apartment in Tokyo.
"How did you come from Tokyo?"
"Otsuki" at the Chuo Expressway, 20 [# "20" is tate-chu-yoko], Kofu "Kofu", Suwa "Suwa", Shiojiri "Shiojiri". From Shiojiri, take Route 19 [# "19" is tate-chu-yoko]. Yesterday, I passed Matsumoto. "
"Where are you going from now on?"
"Let's go to Ueda. Go around Asama and go down the pass on the way back."
"Pass?"
"Old road of Usui Pass"
"With this Kawasaki?"
"so"
She looked at Kawasaki with an enviable face. It is unusual for a girl to look like this on a motorcycle.
I wondered if it was a woman who changed.
I returned the sig bottle to her.
"Thank you. It was delicious."
We talked about the octagonal triple tower at Anrakuji in Bessho. Both I and she had just seen the triple tower.
"It's a national treasure"
"That's right. I wonder why it's a triple tower even though it's quadruple."
"It's always triple, so it's enough."
We laughed.
I remembered the cicadas crying in the cedar grove around the tower. Anrakuji is said to be the oldest Zen temple in Shinshu.
"What are you going to do now?"
"Ueda"
"No"
She shook her head.
"Today, now, from now on"
"Looking for the wind, taking a nap"
"wind?"
"Yup"
I searched for a path through the wind.
There are several small mountains under the blue sky. The sun is high and shining brightly. However, the breeze is smooth and pleasant.
From the gentle undulations, find a slope that looks good. Then, look for a way to look down on the slope from above.
At 650 on this mountain road, I was desperate. However, I managed to do the mountain road without falling, thinking that it was a practice to balance.
And finally, I found it.
Yellow flowers and purple flowers are in full bloom in the green grass that covers the slopes. The slope can be seen in full view.
While making a gentle and light sound, the first grass and flowers undulate at the bottom of the slope. Then, like a wave of the sea, it becomes a single almost straight line and spreads sideways, and the wave rises toward the top of the slope. The flowers blown by the wind hang down and sway to the right and to the left. It becomes a wave and crawls up the slope.
The movement of the wind can be seen there.
The waves came up to the top of the slope and suddenly disappeared. The flowers become quiet as if nothing had happened.
The wind is grazing my face.
This is the path of the wind.
When looking at the slope, the same thing was repeated many times from various directions.
The waves sometimes became a band with a width of a few meters and went up the slope. This happens when the wind is a little strong.
Countless small leaves and flowers touch each other, and a pretty sound spreads in the smooth air.
After getting off the motorcycle, I looked at it for a while.
Beyond Asama, the cumulonimbus is extremely large. Can you see that cumulonimbus even from the Chikuma River?
I took Kawasaki to the other side of the road and hung the center, and I got off the slope.
I lay down as if throwing myself into the grass.
The body was stretched and the sky was blown up.
"Ohhh," he says.
The grass is cool and comfortable.
The sun shines down with Sansan. It's a midsummer blue sky. When I open my eyes, it's dazzling. Close ~ eyes. The eyelids are burning orange.
If you put a lot of effort into your eyelids, the orange color will turn deep purple.
The air is wonderful and delicious. It enters the blood of blood vessels from the air bubbles in the lungs.
Reach out both hands and stroke the grass.
It feels great.
I would like to say that there is no trouble, but I couldn't say that to perfection.
I had a little, that is, a very carefree trouble, and because of that trouble, I went touring alone from Tokyo to Shinshu.
[# 7 indentation] 2 [# "2" is the middle heading]
After a luxurious nap, I went down the mountain road. For me, who always runs on the roads of Tokyo, it is a little enduro to go on the mountain road with 650RS / W3.
Even if the sun is still high, the temperature will start to drop suddenly after 4 o'clock on the mountain road. By then, I wanted to be on National Highway 18 [# "18" is tate-chu-yoko].
While going down the mountain road, I noticed that the temperature did not drop at all.
I heard thunder in the distance toward Joshinetsu Kogen.
Looking at the sky, dark gray clouds that seemed to be terrible were spreading rapidly. It's Yudachi.
It will be dropped.
If you think about it, you can already put it in the fuel tank! There was a noise, and one raindrop broke and scattered.
I also hit my cheeks.
When I went out on the national highway, it was raining in earnest. Lightning flashes, thunder roars, and rain falls straight from the sky.
For some reason, the convectional rain always falls straight from overhead, aiming only at the brain.
Should I take shelter from the rain?
However, it's already wet. I thought it was wet. Even if it gets wet, it's okay if you dodge it. Get wet.
I don't like to ride a motorcycle on a rainy day, but I can forgive the Yudachi I met on touring. Besides, it's not bad to get really soaked in the rain once a summer.
From Koshoku to Ueda, along the Shinetsu main line, National Highway 18 [# "18" is tate-chu-yoko]. It was left falling.
It was the worst around Tokura and Ueyamada.
When approaching Ueda, it was really soaked without complaint. It was raining on my pants. Water had accumulated in the triangular area of ​​the crotch.
If you sit down on the seat with a slight waist and slowly put your weight on it, the water that has soaked into your jeans and pants will be squeezed out.
With such a downpour, it doesn't matter if it gets soaked. There is even an exhilarating "sokai".
However, when the rainy feet become weaker, the wet whole body becomes uncomfortable.
Fall more.
While thinking so, I ran. Before eating the rice balls for lunch, I applied anti-fog to the shield. Thanks to that, all the raindrops run down cleanly.
After the downpour, the rain foot 《Amaashi》 became stable with a little weakness. The thunder is far away.
The scent of the evening rain in Shinshu in the summer is wonderful.
Fall more. Raindrops, hit me violently from various directions.
I gave up the shield. I got a raindrop on my face.
A building was visible on the left side of the road. This area should already be in the city of Ueda.
It is a square, old-fashioned building with a heavy black roof tile. Thick pillars were used, and the upper half of the wall was a yellow clay wall, and the lower half was a plank painted black.
As I approached the front of the building, I stopped Kawasaki.
A small signboard was attached to the top of the pillar, and it could be read as a public bath in a faint letter.
It is a bath that locals use for free.
Slowly soaked in hot water, by the time it came out, the evening sun would have risen. It's fashionable to rain in the bath.
I wanted to take off my soaked clothes as soon as possible.
I put a motorcycle under the eaves, I went to the back of the side wall and added a small thing in the grass.
Returning, I removed the luggage from the back sheet, opened a heavy glass door with many wooden crosspieces, which is familiar to mystery, and went inside.
On the other hand, there was a bangasa on the wall. By the way, I took off one geta.
The wide board was divided into two by a board wall like a standing stand in the middle. And on both sides of the central board wall, there were several shelves.
I took off my boots and I went up between the boards.
The soaked jeans were taken off from both legs, and the dungaree long-sleeved shirt was peeled off from the upper body.
There was a scent of hot water.
I became naked, I squeezed my wet clothes into a lump and pushed it into the corner of the shelf with my luggage, opened a heavy wooden door, and went inside.
There was a large washing area, and beyond that was a bathtub. It is a bathtub made of dark stone. The feeling of high ceilings and the atmosphere of everything was that of a well-used old building in the countryside.
Steam is rising.
By the bathtub, I drew hot water to wash the wood. There is no faucet for the water supply, and a thick bamboo is broken into a waterway that enters the washing area through a hole in the wall, and clean water is flowing down into the washing area.
The cold water was filled with hot water, the body was washed roughly, and it went into the hot water.
The other side of the steam is a large window. It was the first glass, and only this window was an aluminum sash.
For a while, I was soaking in hot water up to my chin. I was hit by the rain and my body was colder than I expected.
After feeling good, I sat diagonally on the inner step of the bathtub and looked out from the window.
It's still raining outside. The back is a slope, and the bottom seems to be a river. There are a lot of tall summer grasses.
The other side of the river is a forest. The tree is thick. It was dim with a dark green smoldering, probably because it was wet with rain and the dusk was near.
I vaguely looked at such a forest.
Until just a while ago, it seems like a lie that I was running on a national road on a motorcycle while being hit in the evening. I feel good. You can get this feeling for free.
Eventually, while sitting down to my shoulders in the hot water, I walked along the window to the other side of the horizontally long bathtub, trying to squeeze the hot water with both hands. When I approached the edge and suddenly raised my face, there was a person there.
"Ah!"
Involuntarily, I spoke out.
The person was a woman.
A young woman. I could see almost the whole body.
With one hand on the edge of the bathtub, he was in the middle. I could see the thighs, the waist, and the well-shaped breasts.
Although I was happy that this was not good, I was in a hurry. I submerged it in hot water all the way to my neck, and peeled off the opposite.
And only the face towards the woman,
"sorry"
I said.
I have entered the women's bath. Because I thought. Or now it's time for women to enter.
"Huh?"
She said.
I looked at her face, trying to apologize again.
"Oh, oh, oh!"
Isn't that girl? In the daytime, when I was eating rice balls on the pass near Bessho Onsen, I came from behind and gave me cold roasted green tea. That girl.
Because I was stroking my washed hair behind me, I didn't know at once. But it's her.
"Oh my goodness"
She also said.
I'm not surprised at all. I don't even try to scratch my chest. I'm smiling and laughing.
"After taking a nap, is it a bath?"
It is imposing.
 exactly. After taking a nap, only take a bath. If there is a convectional rain in between.
"Yoo"
To calm myself down, I said so with a feeling of familiarity.
Without answering, she turned her hands around her nape. I could see everything from the belly to the chest.
The two breasts moved to lift up slightly with the movement of both hands, and the two tips were slightly peeled out.
With the chin on the chest and somehow with both hands around the nape, with a clean upper eye
"What about Kawasaki?"
She asked.
"Outside"
"You got wet, right?"
"Zubuzubu"
She laughed at a glance.
I don't know what to do with my shoulders submerged in hot water. I tried to go outside to get a towel and a stone ken.
When she lowered her hands from her nape, she changed her pose. I covered my chest with one arm, and put my other hand lightly on my thigh, which is my mid-waist. Look down and drop your shoulders a little.
In the eyes of a man, it was a pose that made me completely conscious of my nakedness for the first time. it's beautiful.
When I saw it in the daytime, I had the impression that it was a girlish woman with a slender body.
But now it's totally different. It's a woman. Moreover, it is a good serving.
Every part of the body has a gentle curve. The part that sticks out is surprisingly thick. Chest or waist. And the thighs.
After I noticed it clearly, I was in a little trouble.
Oh, stop. Yose. If it's no good! It's not the time now. Come on, here. Isn't it okay? Oh, I don't know. Hey!
And, I desperately scold myself in my heart. However, it has no effect.
There was something wrong with my body. Suddenly, unnecessarily powerful.
What should I say? If I had a son, Musuko, who was twenty-four years old, he was just a son, and he was alone. In the hot water of Shinshu.
The more rushed and hurried it was, the more it became easier. I can't help it anymore.
Shizure. Know the time and place. Isn't it wrong? What would you do if you were exposed? Nanmu Myōhō Renkakyo 《Nammyohorengekyo》 The effect is zero. Kahn stands out. If you move your body a little, you can feel it by touching the hot water. Sweat floating on the forehead runs down the side of the eyes. You can see that clearly.
"Tomorrow"
She said.
"Ride the Koumi Line"
"Hah"
"From Komoro to Kobuchisawa, everything"
"After that, it's the Chuo Main Line."
"That's right. It's 80 kilometers."
I desperately drew a map of Shinshu in my head. The hot water makes my head dull.
The national highway is divided into two from Komoro. It is Route 141 that goes around Hachiga | Take on the Koumi Line.
"Chikuma River Zoda"
I took a step back so that it wouldn't stand out. Both arms are crossed over hot water and float unnaturally.
"There is the highest station among the stations of the Japanese National Railways in Japan."
"There must be many"
"Have you ever rode?"
"Absent"
One step further, I gently went down. Hot water is entwined with him who became independent. He is fine.
Ah, it was weak. It's been rising.
Perhaps because she was far from me, she put her hips on the edge of the bathtub. The curve from the back to the buttocks and the side of the left thigh "thigh" can be seen perfectly.
It's no good anymore.
About the plateau train, she talked happily. I don't remember at all what kind of response I received.
Surprisingly, she straddled the edge of the bathtub and entered the hot water. I walk towards me. For some reason, only the hot water and the navel of the navel can be seen clearly.
She slipped right next to me and went to the window of the aluminum sash.
Stand in front of the window and look back at me.
"What is that?"
Point to the outside of the window.
It's no good, it's impossible.
To look out the window, you have to stand alongside her. I can't do that.
She is waiting while looking back at me.
I walked quietly with my shoulders submerged in hot water. I went to her, and I was afraid to get angry. And I found a good thing.
Bend the hips into a dogleg shape with the hips sticking out behind, and attach it to the thighs. Then he, with a shaved head, gets caught between his thighs and disappears.
With both hands on both knees, I looked out the window.
"that"
She points.
There was a small building in the forest. A small square building between the trees. It will not be as large as half a tatami mat. You can tell just by looking at it that it is old-fashioned and solid.
"I wonder what"
"Something"
"Is it a shrine?"
"Is it so small?"
"Yup"
Her waist is right next to my face, which has become a middle waist. My face is screaming.
In the end, I didn't know what it was.
After me, she sank in the hot water up to her shoulders and turned over.
"I'm going up"
I said, and left the bathtub. It disappeared outside the door.
When I was relieved, I suddenly got sick.
While staggering, I went to the edge of the bathtub, crawled up, and went to the bamboo where the water was flowing. I sprinkled cold water on my face, drank very much, sprinkled it on my chest, and put it on my head.
I slipped into the washing place and I repeated a big breath. Suddenly, he was self-reliant until a while ago, and he was already experiencing the setbacks of his youth. In other words, it was hanging.
After bathing in water many times and staying still for a while, I became able to move. I didn't wash my body fragilely, and I took a bath.
At the boarding dressing room, she could hear her humming from behind the partition wall. Just a small piece at the end of the song. It's a Beatles song.
I stepped on my feet, dried my hair well, took out my dry clothes from my luggage, and put them on.
When I went outside, she stood in front of Kawasaki with her umbrella. It is a yukata. It looked terribly attractive.
The rain had stopped.
"What are you going to do now?"
The wording is a little different. The tone of the voice is also moist. Sukehei I think it's because of my feelings.
I stuck my luggage and wet clothes to the seat.
"Yup"
Yeah, I can only answer.
"I'm close to the inn."
"Yup"
"Where are you staying?"
"Komoro. Maybe I'll go to Saku."
"tomorrow?"
"Asama. I want to spend time in Asama."
We started walking.
It is not easy to push W3 with your staggering feet in hot water. Since ancient times, I have been vulnerable to hot water. I finally realized that the hot water in the bath was extremely hot.
After a while, she stopped. Relieved, I also stopped.
"I'm fine alone"
She says.
"In case it's late, please go ahead. It's far from Komoro."
"Immediately"
While answering, I straddled Kawasaki.
It's much easier to run than to push and walk.
"I'll send you a photo"
"Yup"
I wish I could answer something more nifty. Still, I could even reach out to her with her right hand.
She held my hand back. Only a few seconds.
I put out the kick pedal and started Kawasaki.
I looked back on her. I'm smiling. With a smile on my face, I started running.
The dusk air is comfortable on the face soaked in hot water. I opened the accelerator a little. The wind that hits the face becomes stronger.
The wind hits the face while riding a motorcycle.
Three years ago, in the summer of the year I got this 650, I remembered running alone on the outskirts of Tokyo in the middle of the night.
When people and cars were stopped at the red light at the intersection, I was crying when I heard the idling of this motorcycle.
There is an engine under the crotch. In the two cylinders, the combustion of the air-fuel mixture is repeated.
The sound and rhythm were exactly the same as the heartbeat of my heart at that time.
The engine of the upright 2-cylinder engine that I love from the bottom of my heart is now alive and running.
I am alive, staring at the red light across.
Two hearts are beating.
The heartbeat was connected wonderfully.
The sound and vibration of the engine are transmitted over the seat from a solid frame with heavy weight and strong habit, to my legs and hips.
The sound and vibration eventually entered my body.
It is transmitted to the heart.
The heartbeat was exactly the same.
The red light over the intersection suddenly bleeds.
Because tears suddenly came to my eyes.
This is always alive. I am also alive. I and this guy are now, indescribably, one.
I felt that with my whole body and with my heart, I cried without love.
The red light of the red light bleeds more and more.
It changed to blue.
I was the only one at the intersection. Tears run down my cheeks.
The straddling W3 was terribly delicious, and when I turned my eyes down, a moderately plump gasoline tank was still under me.
I hugged the gasoline tank.
Under the wet cheeks, the tank guy was cool and smooth. Moist and cold.
I hugged with one hand and tapped the tank with one hand many times.
Tears are falling down.
The idling sound of W3 and the sound of my heart are directly connected. I'm happy. I was very happy.
Just before the signal turned red again, I was starting the straddling W3.
Late at night, a road without cars.
I drove up to the 4th speed of the top gear at once, and ran straight with a rotation that exceeded 4000.
Tears transmitted to the cheeks flow sideways from just below the lower eyelids due to wind pressure. Tears go to both ears. Even if I had my hair regent, the sideburns were stretched for a long time, so the tears shed by the wind pressure went into the sideburns.
[# 7 indentation] 3 [# "3" is the middle heading]
Three days later. Sunday. It's a hot day.
The second day after returning from Shinshu Solo Touring for four nights. After 10 o'clock in the evening, I was running Kawasaki in Nishiki-cho, Kanda, Tokyo. I had just left the company after finishing my part-time job.
I am a large news agency, and I am a transporter of manuscripts and articles by motorcycle.
If the working hours are not less than 9 hours in a row, it will be recognized as one day's work. Overtime always sticks to the end for an hour, so I work ten hours a day.
Shift work starts at 8 o'clock in the morning. From 8:00 to 6:00 pm, this is the first shift, hereafter, from 9:00 to 7:00, from 10:00 to 8:00, from 11:00 to 9:00, from 12:00 to 10:00, with the start shifting by one hour. I will shift.
There is a stay once a week. When staying overnight, start from 1 pm and work for two working hours until 8:00 the next morning.
A company called All Japan Express hires a manuscript transporter and sends it to the news agency in the form of a subcontractor. Even though I'm a part-time job, I'm a regular employee of the company. I'm enrolled in a music college, so I'm just spoiled and call it a part-time job.
From Takebashi, we entered a wide one-way street that runs beside the Kyoritsu Auditorium. If you go straight, you will pass through the guard of the national train near Kanda station.
There was a car on the right side of my Kawasaki from the 9th dan.
It is a white 2-door on the current skyline. I wonder if it's 2000GT. Riding is a young student-like man wearing light-colored sunglasses and a woman with him.
It sticks to me as it wraps around Takebashi.
At this time on Sunday night, there was no traffic and cars were sparse.
The white skyline followed me at the same speed while staying close to my right.
The skyline has been further narrowed since passing Takebashi and approaching the Kyoritsu Auditorium. The car body seems to touch Kawasaki.
I pulled it for a long time and honked the horn.
The man driving is a strange face.
When crossing the intersection, the skyline showed a movement like turning left and approached me.
I ran away a little to the left.
The skyline entered the created space and crossed the intersection as it was.
This face of the woman in the passenger seat was glimpsed. While saying something, he grins.
I honked the horn again and slowed down.
The skyline also slows down. Then, it moves further to the left.
I was caught between the guardrail on the left and the skyline.
"This bastard"
I said quietly in my heart.
The young man on the skyline is pretending to be inaudible. It's childish harassment.
When running in Tokyo on a motorcycle, this often happens. There are many cases of private cars, such as pulling the width without meaning, suddenly overtaking from the right in front of the two-way junction, and turning left. The motorcycle touches and falls, and the rider breaks this bone out of the blue.
At the intersection of Nishiki-cho, I tilted to the left and opened the accelerator. Looking to the left, I drew a mysterious arc and came out in front of the skyline.
Crossing the intersection while closing the distance to the skyline as much as possible. Behind the skyline is honking.
I slow down. If you get hit, you'll fall.
I pulled out the gear and made a furious 《Moretsu》 emptying.
A high-pitched roar was struck on the road surface and bounced off.
I was staring at the mirror.
I was surprised at the roaring sound and probably stepped on the brakes unintentionally. The skyline squeezes with Gakun.
I stopped Kawasaki with a little distance without losing the timing. At the same time as I jumped off, I took out the side stand, took off my helmet in a hurry, and hung it on the mirror. I ran around in front of Kawasaki, near the center of the road.
The skyline stopped when Kawasaki was about to touch the bumper.
I ran up and kicked the driver's door. This is the best way to pull a man driving a private car out.
Sure enough, the young man in sunglasses is pulling the side brake, changing his blood phase. I opened the door vigorously and tried to come out.
I slammed into the door. The man had his left arm pinched by the door frame and turned over so that it would collapse into the seat.
Opened the door, grabbed the man's left arm and dragged it out. The man's body is strangely soft. I grabbed my sunglasses from my crying face, took them off, and slid them onto the seat.
I twisted the left arm I grabbed and gave the woman in the passenger seat a great taste.
"If you love this Mickey Mouse, stay still."
I pulled out the skyline key and dropped it in my US military surplus field jacket pocket.
I skipped the kick and closed the door, and with the man's left arm screwed up, I let him walk behind the skyline.
The good news is that there are no cars.
The man resists. I pushed it out by force. I kicked the staggered part with the tip of the harness boots.
I hit my side. Guhe! The man gave a strange voice. If you get kicked with these boots, you'll answer. He lifted the man who crouched down, supporting his armpits from behind, and leaned against the guardrail.
Both legs were raised and he was raised on the sidewalk beyond the guardrail. I jumped over the rail and kicked the man's waist again.
I put my feet on the place where I was about to stand up. Interestingly, I rolled with Ston.
Using both feet, I put on the man's face a little and stir-fry it. The man started crying.
"Because I do cheeky things"
I also have a slight disorder in my breathing.
When he was separated and quiet, the man tried to stand up with his hand. I turned to the side, swung my left foot a lot, and kicked it up. The boots sank into the middle of my stomach.
Wow! Hold your breath, fold your body in two like a shrimp, and slowly roll on the sidewalk.
Two empty taxis continued to fly off the green light.
Rolling to the front of the iron shutter in front of the building, the man vomited.
Because I couldn't see the vomiting, I approached the man.
"stand up"
The man stands up.
"Put it in the passenger seat of the car. It's with a woman."
Staggering to the guardrail, the man straddled it and got off the road.
I moved Kawasaki from the front of the skyline. I put it up on the sidewalk, hung a side stand, and returned to the skyline.
As ordered, the man was in the passenger seat with her. The driver's door was locked.
I took out the key from the pocket of the field jacket, opened the lock, and went inside. I've sweated completely.
I closed the door. The girl was crying.
"please forgive me"
I turned around her and yelled at her.
"Urusei!"
The man wore sunglasses and stayed still. Reaching out, I snatched the sunglasses. I held the vine and hit the shift knob. The other side of the lens broke and scattered. I put my sunglasses on the man's feet.
"What are you doing?"
Weak, the man said.
"What did you do?"
At the same time as yelling, I slammed into the man's face with the power of my right hand. His nose was so responsive that he might have been snarled.
The man screamed like crying, covered his face with both hands, and shook the seat. I thrust my leg and twisted myself.
I took out the key from my pocket and started the engine. I ran the skyline slowly and straight.
Beyond another intersection, I kicked the man's right knee with his left foot. It must have hurt again. He lifted his hand from his nose and was holding his knees.
Turn left into a small back alley, and turned back in the direction in which it was running. There are no shadows of people on the back streets of the small buildings.
Beyond Meidaido, turn left into the wholesale district and exit to the main street.
I stopped the car and turned to a man.
"Ayame"
The man saw me.
"Because--"
The man tried to say no.
I struck the right fist on the man's face. I've been blocked. Immediately, I used the bottom of my left palm to poke the man's cheeks.
I put in gear and put out the skyline on the main street. I made a big turn to the left, speeded up, and plunged into the guardrail on the other side of the road.
There was a heavy noise, and with a shock, the skyline stopped. The headlamp shattered and shattered into one eye.
The man next door was thrown out on the dashboard and hit his head with the windshield. Behind that, a woman screamed and fell to the floor.
I pulled out the key and put it in my pocket, and I got off the skyline. I crossed the sidewalk on the other side and ran for a short run to the point where I stopped Kawasaki. As I ran, I threw the skyline key into the planting in front of the building.
[# 7 indentation] 4 [# "4" is the middle heading]
I put Kawasaki in the parking lot of the apartment and put a sheet on it neatly.
Holding a helmet, I went up the stairs on the iron plate of the apartment. I walked down the aisle surrounded by thin iron railings and vinyl tin ceilings, and came to the end. Room 204. It's my room. It is called the second Yutakaso. On the ceiling of vinyl galvanized iron, a fluorescent lamp that was about to break was flickering.
I opened the door and went inside. The stagnant air was stuffy.
No newspapers came. I can't come. My business card is pinned to the door. It's turned up. Takumi Hashimoto. It's my name. Takumi is read as Koo.
Put a helmet on the hook of the pillar,
"I'm back"
There is no reply.
There is no reason. I live alone.
I took off my boots and went up to the room. hot. I took off my field jacket. The hubcaps of the car are replaced by ashtrays, and there are lots of suckers.
I sat on the bed and held my head with both hands. Feelings are very down. After fighting with the four wheels, it's always like this.
However, it wasn't just the fight with that white skyline that made me feel down.
Besides, there is one really carefree trouble. The worries that I had alone up to Shinshu.
I looked up at the room.
A bed on this wall. On the wall over there, there is a bookshelf "Hondana" and a study desk. Simple audio on a handmade low platform. There are several LPs on the amplifier. I have only this LP. All of them are LPs given to people.
A guitar in a black case. Gibson's Hummingbird. Along with Kawasaki, it is the most expensive item in my possession.
I stood up.
It can't be helped even if you hold your head in the room. I put one of my favorite double-cut cigarettes in my jeans butt pocket, put on my boots, and left the room.
These boots are wherever you go. It cost me 40,000 yen. But it's worth it. It's deep just below your knees, it's really solid, and it feels good to have your feet solid when riding a motorcycle.
I walked through the residential area on Sunday night. After 15 minutes after crossing the bus street, you will reach the shopping street in front of the private railway station.
There is a snack called "Michikusa" on the outskirts of the shopping street. The sign says, "A store with a lot of fun, with customers."
It was made about half a year ago. Recently, I've been trying not to spend money, so I've never entered.
I also do it on Sundays. Until 2 am. "Today's appearance. 1. Nozawa | Keiko" 2. Michikusa band ", a small black board written with colorful chalk is hanging on the door.
As soon as you enter, there is a box seat on the right, and on the left is a small stage with an electone, an amplifier, a microphone, etc. Before that, the counter on the right side is full up to the back wall. On the other side, along the wall, a low table is sandwiched between vinyl sheets.
There is one middle-aged woman at the counter. And outside, there is one young woman. It has long hair hanging on its back, a purple tank top and a long skirt with florets.
In the back seat, there are four or five men like high school students.
I sat at the counter. I ordered beer.
A young woman at the counter walked to the stage as if it was a signal. I turned on the amp, put the microphone in front of the chair, and watched. I sat in a chair, picked up the guitar while I was in the microphone, hugged him, and changed the position of the capo tasto.
Immediately after the Mijikai prelude, she began to sing. After all it is A Mike.
A ballpoint pen was rolling on the counter. With it, I wrote down the chord progression of the song she was singing on the back of the white coaster that was laid under the glass of beer.
In most cases, the song will save you the feeling of being down.
It was a cute song with a smooth chord progression. It must be a song she wrote and added lyrics to. It's a good melody, but it's not well sharpened, so I can hear it without any slack. In other words, it's a little obscene.
While writing down the chord progression, I was arranging the head in my head as to where to fix it.
The men in the back seats applauded her screaming. They seem to be familiar with their faces.
She crossed her legs under her skirt and sang another song. It was a hit soft fork.
After finishing the stage with only two songs, she came back to the counter. I showed my tongue out to a middle-aged woman at the counter and sat down on one of my seats.
I smiled at her.
"Are you Keiko Nozawa?"
She shook her head.
"Yeah, I'm Nami Matsuoka."
"Nami?"
"Yes, in katakana, Nami"
It is a black round face with a sun-baked 《Hiya》.
The other person I met for the first time felt the cheerfulness and goodness of being able to throw out what I was. Under a long skirt, both legs are wide open, the upper body is twisted toward me, and the counter has cheeks on the counter with one arm.
"The current song is interesting"
"Oh, thank you. I sang a little while Keiko wasn't there. There aren't many customers."
"good at"
"Well, I'm surprised"
"Tell me the lyrics"
Standing at the cash register, Nami tore off a piece of note paper.
I wrote down the lyrics that Nami said when I sat down in the original seat and regained my cheeks.
"What is the title?"
Nami put out her tongue again.
"Not yet"
"Can I sing?"
I showed the stage.
"here you go"
Nami applauded, apparently saying so.
"Thank you, welcome"
At the counter, a middle-aged woman said.
I went to the stage and I sat in a chair.
Correct the position of the microphone.
The young men in the back seat applauded.
"Applause can be done after listening to the song."
I said. Apparently, I'm feeling down now.
I held a guitar and sang. This is the first song Nami sang. I've reworked some of the key points in the melody to make it stand out, change the chords a bit, and characterize the guitar strokes. After singing, the high school students applauded again.
I put down the guitar and I turned it over to the counter. I put the coaster and note paper on the counter and sat down.
"Great, great!"
Nami said, and I sat down with my skirt spread out in the seat next to me.
"Are you a musician?"
I grabbed my arm.
"Professional?"
I shook my head.
"It was Nami-chan's song. It was cleaner than Nami-chan sang by herself. It's okay."
At the counter, the aunt was smiling.
"Hey, hey, hey"
Nami shakes my shoulder.
"Did you hear my song for the first time and arrange it?"
"so"
"Wow, very much"
She embraced my shoulder.
"I and you must be friends by all means."
I looked into my face.
"I refuse"
I said.
"Because the woman is already stiff."
Nami pierced my side with a fist as soon as possible. It was painful. It's up to you.
"You changed the code too."
And looking into the coaster.
"Hey. I'll bring you the staff, so tell me where you fixed it."
I laughed. I don't feel a little good.
"tell me"
"OK"
"What are you doing?"
"Students. I rarely go to school."
"Music school?"
"Composer"
"Are you sure?"
"The future is Beethoven"
I was tightly hugged by Nami.
[# 7 indentation] 5 [# "5" is the middle heading]
Today is a bad day.
Hidemasa Sawada, a senior at the same workplace as the part-time job who had taken a week's summer vacation, is coming to work from today. So it's a bad day.
I came to work in the afternoon.
I went to the office by Kawasaki, put it in the car storage, and went to the room on the first basement floor, which is the storage of my colleagues.
Because it was just after lunch, there were a lot of faces in the room.
"Yeah, Beethoven"
"British gentleman is here!"
Some people call out to me.
The British gentleman is because I am riding an OHV vertical twin. It's a mission separate from the classic British motorcycle engine. There is no such motorcycle in England anymore.
It's a square, murky room. The ceiling is dark green, and the walls of the iron plate are painted cream, but they are soaked in messy yellow.
There are steel lockers all over the two walls. On the open wall, the phone numbers that I often go to for work and the home numbers of my colleagues are written in large letters.
A large poster of a pornographic magazine that a news agency reporter brought back from New York is taped next to it. For the first time, everyone is surprised to see this.
Everyone was sitting around the big square table.
Empty cork cans, lunch boxes, sports newspapers, manga, etc. are scattered around.
The story of road racing was centered around a few men who belonged to the motorcycle road racing club.
After a while, I caught Hidemasa Sawada, who came to the office, at the beginning of my field of vision.
Sawada, who sat in the corner of the table, looked at me and stood up. He walks around the table slowly. I pretended not to notice.
On the other hand, there is a huge poster of Honda GL1000 LTD Gold Wing on the other side. I removed all the small pinups that had been pasted up to that point, and pasted only the Gold Wing poster.
The yellow color of the fuel tank, side cover, and radiator cover is very similar to the color of the wall of this room.
After looking at the poster for a while, I slowly turned around. Sawada stood out near the entrance of the room.
Sawada's sharp gaze caught my eyes.
 Come! With the meaning, Sawada sucked my chin. Then, I went out through the half-open door. When I got out of my seat, I followed after that.
Sawada's big body walks quietly in the dim corridor. Turn the corner.
A number of corridors cross each other and extend in various directions. There are many turns.
We went out to the corridor leading to the nap room that our motorcycle manuscript transporters used when they stayed temporarily. Sawada stopped. I shook my shoulders, fluffed my thick legs, and looked back.
A few steps away from Sawada, I stopped.
"Because it's good, I'm more here"
It's a low-pitched voice.
Two more steps, I was closer to Sawada.
Sawada is about the same height as me. However, because the body is extremely rugged, it feels much bigger than I am and is intimidating.
A large round squid head. Thick, potato-like face. The nose is brilliantly crouched and overhangs on both invincible cheeks. The mouth is large sideways, and the chin seems to be a vise. There is a little whiskers under the nose. The neck is like a log.
I always wear Ray-Ban sunglasses. Today, I have a gray round-necked sweatshirt, camouflage combat trousers that I bought next to Ameya, and motocross boots. The arms protruding from the short sleeves are like oversized sausages.
That cute Fuyumi had such a stubborn brother.
"Hey. Hashimoto's idiot"
"Okay"
"What's yes. Don't be silly. Did you go to Asama?"
"went"
"when"
"Four days ago, kana"
"Did you think?"
"Thought"
"What about that"
"After all, I will break up with Fuyumi."
"Don't call me casually"
"Fuyumi-san"
"If you say goodbye, you shouldn't say goodbye."
"I know"
"What do you know?"
I was silent. There is no choice but to shut up.
"Isn't it just a good idea?"
There is no answer to this either.
Sawada blamed me for this two months.
"What did you think about in Asama?"
"It ’s Fuyumi-san."
"What are you going to do?"
"So, in the end, I have no choice but to break up."
"What's that? Don't speak cheeky."
"Okay"
"What is it?"
Sawada doesn't seem to like everything about me.
"What should I do"
I don't know how many times I spoke to Sawada about this word.
"What are you going to do?"
"This is what happened with me and Fuyumi."
"Hey, because you had a quarrel. A virgin wouldn't get on a mess unless a man quarreled."
I was silent again.
"How is it?"
I can't answer anything. Speaking of being cornered, it certainly can be said.
Sawada was one step closer to me.
Sawada took out a piece of paper from the pocket of the black-skinned motorcycle jumper that was held in one hand.
Attached to my nose,
"Read carefully"
I said.
"It's a duel. The date, time and place are written. If you run away, I'll kill you."
I saw the paper. It's a recopy. There are some letters on the map.
Sawada's right arm made a flash.
When I noticed, it was too late. Sawada's ridiculously large fist, I sank straight into the tip of my chin.
I turned over on my back, as if the corridor suddenly flew away from under both feet. It's embarrassing.
It was struck from the back into the corridor. There is no air in the lungs. My mouth is crisp, but I can't breathe. I have numbness running all over my body and I can't say anything. The inside of my head is rumbling. The sharp pain in the front of the chin becomes dull pain and is scattered all over the brain.
Sawada walked away, leaving me there. I couldn't stand for a while.
Finally got up and sat down against the wall. When the nausea-like mood subsided, I picked up the falling pieces of paper and stood up. Then I returned to the room.
Sawada was no longer in the room.
It was said that he went out after chasing. Chasing means going to the scene of a sudden big accident and urgently taking home the manuscript and photographic film written by the reporter on a motorcycle.
It is a job that is sent to a veteran who knows the road well. Sawada is a veteran who has been doing this work for seven years.
The water tank "Suiso" on the 7th floor of the terminal building in Haneda was cracked and water was flooded, and the terminal radar information processing system was flooded. The airport function is completely paralyzed and there is a great deal of confusion.
I dropped my body into the folding chair in one corner, and I reviewed the piece of paper that Sawada sent me.
A rough map of Koto-ku, Ariake, and Ariake was drawn. There is a road that goes straight through Ariake created by landfill. There is a large cross mark on the edge, and it is written as "meeting point" in a very sloppy character.
I don't know what kind of duel it is, but Sawada intends to duel against me here. For about a month, Sawada has been calling it a duel.
I saw the date and time. Three days later.
"Come by motorcycle!"
It is written under a piece of paper.
"Witnesses, all members of the Eikou Road Race Club AJE Branch".
AJE is All Japan Express. In Japanese, all-Japan express.
The transporters are all much more motorcycle crazy than I am. There are a number of men who belong to the Eikou Road Race Club and take part in the race on circuit machines during the holidays.
Now, two of the men are chatting in this room while drinking tea.
I implicitly saw the faces of the two. I folded a piece of paper in four, put it in my jeans butt pocket, and stood up.
From my locker, I took out a black leather, padded coverall and went to the changing room next door.
I changed into a coverall and I sat in a folding chair.
Another chair was pulled up, both legs were placed on it, the hips were shifted, the chin was crouched on the chest, and both arms were folded. And one deep sigh.
From the beginning, I remembered Fuyumi Sawada, a lovely 18-year-old girl who was cute.
"Please! Behind the big bike, put it on! 』\
Fuyumi's letter to the editor was on the page of the letter to the editor from a woman.
The address and name were included in this mysterious phrase. The address is Nerima Ward, Tokyo. The name is Fuyumi Sawada.
I forgot why, but it was a motorcycle magazine that I bought with my own money. It's been over a year ago.
At a coffee shop, I was messing around with the thick magazine. There was a readers' page, and there was also a letter to the editor section.
There were various letters to the editor. At the end, there was a column called "Letter from a woman". Fuyumi's letter to the editor was at the very beginning.
The name Fuyumi was very fresh,
"Please! Behind the big bike, put it on! 』\
From the phrase, this feeling of a woman named Fuyumi was fully conveyed.
At that time, I already had the current Kawasaki. I haven't done a part-time job to transport manuscripts yet. I didn't go to the same school as I do now, so I was free.
I was curious about the letter to the editor from a woman named Fuyumi. What kind of woman is this?
Good. I thought, I bought a postcard.
[# Indent from here]
"A woman named Fuyumi.
I saw the letter to the editor.
If you like, I'll give it to you. The bike is Kawasaki's 650. "
[# End of indentation here]
I wrote it on a postcard and thought that the place to meet was in front of the main gate of the school, so I drew a rough map and posted it.
It was immediately after I dropped the postcard on the post that I realized that I didn't write the day to meet.
After a day, I went to school every day.
From noon to evening, I stopped Kawasaki in front of the main gate, rolled on the lawn near me, and read a book.
5th day. I stopped Kawasaki beside the main gate and I was investigating the part where the rust appeared. Since the plating is shallow, rust will appear in various places immediately.
"Are you Mr. Hashimoto?"
There was a cool voice overhead.
Furi Aogu, a cute girl stood beside her.
"Yup"
Answer, oh, I think it's Fuyumi,
"It's Fuyumi"
It was beautiful and at the same time as she said.
"It's been a long time hit"
I stood up.
"I've been waiting for you"
Fuyumi turned her eyes down. And I saw Kawasaki. After that, I turned to me and smiled gently.
"Thank you for the postcard"
"Yup"
Fuyumi was behind me and went to a nearby coffee shop.
"Why do you want to ride a motorcycle?"
Fuyumi was silent for a while. I was staring at Snoopy's handkerchief in my hand.
"Because I want to ride."
"Is it okay to be big?"
"so"
"I'll put it on"
"I'm happy. I was very happy with the postcard."
"No, I don't have a helmet today. And I prefer jeans instead of skirts."
"What's this Saturday?"
"OK"
"Nice"
It is a gentle type of woman who grew up obediently without any trouble.
Ivy is neatly organized and really cute. The appearance is also good. I couldn't say anything about my innocent lips and eyes.
"My brother"
Fuyumi says.
"My brother is riding a motorcycle."
"Why don't you put it on?"
"It's ridiculous. You can't touch it. It's a CB Nanahan."
"How many"
"My brother's age? Twenty-seven. I work on a motorcycle."
This was actually Hidemasa Sawada.
"Why don't you ride it yourself?"
"16 Damon"
"The bike is from 16"
"I can't do it at all. I just have to put it behind me."
Fuyumi smiled as she shook her head over her cheeks.
Next Saturday. As promised, I put Fuyumi on Kawasaki.
I went to Lake Sagami, saw the Meiji forest, and went to Yokohama.
I was very tired probably because it was a tandem after a long time. That's why I asked Fuyumi to return from Yokohama by train. When I sent it to the ticket gate, I stopped and looked at my eyes,
"It's not because I didn't like Fuyumi."
I had tears in my eyes.
Then, I put Fuyumi on Kawasaki many times. We have a little bit of age, but we have become good friends.
A friend of the school is Keiichi Ogawa, a friend who loves motorcycles. I'm on the Honda CB400 Fore. A man who gets his favorite motorcycle right away.
It was the beginning of last summer that I went touring to Asama with Fuyumi with that Ogawa's girlfriend.
Ogawa secured an inn in the villa of a friend's parent in Karuizawa. For some reason, it was a one-night touring.
At dusk, I went out to Shiraito Falls, and after late at night, I blew off the Oni Oshi Highway.
The stream that was running earlier stopped the CB400 on the side of the road. When I drive in and go to Toro Toro, I'm chasing after him at a tremendous speed.
When I honked the horn and saw it run through with cheers, both Ogawa and the girlfriend on the back seat were naked.
"Cha, naked!"
"That bastard, you did it. Oshi."
Fuyumi took off her jeans and T-shirt without hesitation. But beyond that, he said he didn't like it.
I became naked. Fuyumi's underwear was a strawberry-patterned top and bottom. I pushed the clothes I took off into the side bag and chased the stream.
It was a fun summer.
Autumn came, Fuyumi wanted to see me almost every day.
Call the apartment in the morning and make a date appointment in the afternoon.
Fuyumi is a cute girl, so it's a lot of fun to take her with her. I like her and she told me that she could like me too.
It was fun to be together, but there was a glimpse of the feeling that the topic had disappeared.
Behind Kawasaki, I didn't want to ride much. I have come to think that it is better not to ride in tandem because it is difficult to cause an accident.
I tried to teach how to ride a motorcycle with a small displacement, but I couldn't continue.
"You just have to be together"
When I was told by a very cute girl who had just turned seventeen, I always felt strangely sad in my twenties.
And one autumn day. We went for a drive together.
Celica borrowed from a woman in the same composition department went around the Fuji Five Lakes 《Fujigoko》.
While having fun, the sun was setting.
I may have had a motive. It is not possible to make an excuse for the fact that the Celica was borrowed instead of Kawasaki. Yes, I had a motive.
On the way back, I entered a motel in the woods. Motel "Bird of Love". "Love" is red neon. "No" is purple. And the "bird" was blue.
During the winter, it continued for a long time. I often visited my apartment room, Heya, Room 204 of Yutakaso No. 2.
The story goes back and forth, but at the same time as autumn began, I became an associate employee of All Japan Express and started riding a motorcycle at the news agency I am currently working at. Fuyumi taught me about the All Japan Express.
Fuyumi also cooked food in my room.
On a cold winter day, when I came back from a hard job riding a motorcycle, I was happy to see Fuyumi in my room. I feel relieved when I see a cute face.
However, when spring came and Fuyumi graduated from high school, the topic began to disappear again. I didn't realize it myself, but I was getting away from Fuyumi.
Fuyumi tried to keep me away. On Saturday, I always came to my room and made up.
Fuyumi was a gentle woman. Very submissive and compliant. It feels like it's okay if you stay by my side. I can't believe I made such a nice letter to the editor in a motorcycle magazine.
I began to argue with such a gentle Fuyumi. I was obviously annoyed. I'm not interested in a doll-like woman who doesn't actively work on her side.
It was May that I couldn't help.
Since a certain time, Fuyumi disappeared suddenly, and after the rainy season, Hidemasa Sawada, a senior at work, called me outside.
Suddenly outside the car pool
"Hey, Hashimoto. Take responsibility for my sister."
It was packed.
I was astonished to find out that Sawada was Fuyumi's older brother.
I even thought it was all Fuyumi's strategy. But it was different. Fuyumi was just silent about having her brother in the same workplace as me.
With another sigh, he stood up on the folding chair and shook the ceiling of the room.
I want to take responsibility for myself. But I can't do it. I think it can't be helped to get married.
Fuyumi told her terrifying older brother that I was getting away. I also thought about quitting my part-time job and disappearing.
However, it's a good workplace and I like the work itself. I don't want to quit.
This two months, Sawada
"What are you going to do?"
I kept telling me. Today is not the first time I have been beaten down.
In order to reconsider Fuyumi, I went touring again to Asama who ran naked with Fuyumi on it.
I thought hard about Fuyumi on the demon push highway at night. Her cute face just disappeared.
And finally, a duel. I think the duel is really childish.
[# 7 indentation] 6 [# "6" is the middle heading]
 Tooth hurts. A few of the lower jaws on the left are floating. It was because he was beaten by Sawada. It hurts from that tomorrow.
It was past 11 o'clock at night, in front of Harumi-dori and Kabuki-za theaters in Tokyo. The number of cars is running low. The rain that had been falling since the morning has now become drizzle and remains. The road surface is wet and black, and the roof of the car glows with lights here and there.
Kawasaki, I'm heading to the Katsudoki Bridge. Harnesses and boots to connect the leather. Grab and helmet with the shield down. I don't use a full-face helmet. Because the wind doesn't come to my face.
I have to go to Ariake at 11:30. This is because of the duel that Hidemasa Sawada applied for.
What kind of duel is it?
If you seriously imagine this and that, your mood will drop rapidly and you will become anxious.
Quietly, I crossed Kachidoki Bridge.
Harumi, crossing the Asashio Canal straight through Tsukishima. Public corporation apartments, warehouses, and various square buildings occupy the night space of Kirisame in a drizzle.
Turn left in the middle of Harumi. Suddenly, I smelled the tide.
Crossing the Harumi Line, you will find the Ishikawajima factory on the side and on both sides. There is an illusion of getting lost in a ridiculous place for a moment.
Crossing the cargo ship three times, you will find Shinonome Bridge. At this time, the road around here is empty. Suddenly, a small cargo ship can be seen between the factory buildings. No matter what I look at, I don't feel upset.
Turn right at Shinonome to Ariake. The designated meeting place is near the dead end of a long straight road with a golf course on the left.
There is a canal over the rough dark field, and the factory is squeezed with the feeling that it is about to collapse into the water. With so many lights, you can see everything in the factory in the darkness. When I traced the chimney to the tip in the darkness, it exhaled black smoke thicker than the night sky.
There was a light van on the left side near the end of the road. Behind that, there are two motorcycles. One of them is Sawada's CB750. A few men stood around it. I could see it floating in the streetlight.
Slow down, approached the sidewalk, got a little away, and stopped.
One of the men was signaling to be closer. I followed the signal.
The man asked me to stop Kawasaki on one foot on the sidewalk.
"Hashimoto?"
It's a face I've never seen.
"Okay"
"Get off, come here"
I walked to the side of the light van.
In the car stereo, a childish hard rock was ringing at a suppressed volume. The music blended well into the night of the landfill and the drizzle that fell there.
Sawada came out from the driver's seat of the light van. I went around in front of the car and came up to the sidewalk. Even at night, those dark sunglasses.
Except for Sawada, everyone has a strange face.
"It's a little early, but I'll start right away."
Said one of the strangers.
"There will be a center line on this road. Hashimoto is over there, Sawada is over here. We will face each other 300 meters away and ring the horn, so we will start with that as a signal. I ran just past the center line, and when I passed by, I hit the opponent with a wooden sword, and knocked it down. Good. You know the point. "
In the explanation, Sawada and I nodded at the same time.
"The one who is beaten down loses. No matter what happens, I won't complain at all. Is that okay?"
Also, nod.
"OK. Declare. The witness is this me."
"If you fall, you lose. No matter what happens, I won't complain."
Sawada said.
I repeated the same phrase.
"Good work"
Another man brought out a wooden sword with a lid from the light van. It's in a bag.
"Please follow the position. I will bring the wooden sword later."
"Then, let's just say, you shouldn't poke the whole motorcycle. To the end, when you pass each other, you'll hit the opponent with a wooden sword. Turn off the headlamps."
Sawada straddled the CB750. I started immediately and ran slowly toward the end of the road.
"You are over there"
As I was told, I straddled Kawasaki, made a U-turn to the full width of the road, and ran about 300 meters. I stopped and looked back. The men are signaling to go further.
I ran another 50 meters. I made a U-turn again and put Kawasaki right next to the center line.
A man runs toward Sawada with a wooden sword.
I also ran. I silently handed the wooden sword to me and ran back without saying anything.
A man who came out on the road from the front of the light van raised his arms greatly. I saw Sawada and I alternately.
Holding the wooden sword and accelerator grip together with my right hand, I waited for the signal. When I arrived in Ariake, it happened in a blink of an eye, so I don't know what to do.
Without knowing, both arms of the man were swung down. The light van horn rang.
Beyond the road, the exhaust noise of the CB750 was roaring.
I was absorbed in myself and opened the accelerator that I held with the wooden sword. I regained my stagger, accelerated, and raised to 3rd gear.
From the other side, just past the center line, a wooden sword was swung over the left hand, and Sawada flew away.
The right hand was released from the accelerator, the wooden sword "I" was held, and the right arm was extended to the left.
I couldn't do anything else,
"Ah!"
I passed by Sawada with a screaming shout.
There was a shock in my chest. But not enough to fall off a motorcycle. The front wheels just shook slightly from side to side.
The wooden sword I was holding and holding was shocked by Khan. I hit Sawada's helmet. My right arm fluttered behind the wooden sword. The exhaust sound of the CB750 goes away.
The wooden sword was sandwiched under the chin, and I returned the accelerator. After calming down, I made a U-turn using the full width of the road.
Sawada has already finished his turn, has both feet on his feet, and has been repeatedly blowing in the air.
The man in front of the light van raised his arms again.
I laid the wooden sword on my thigh. I repositioned it on the seat and blew it in the air.
The man's arms were quickly lowered. The light van horn rang for a long time.
Sawada quickly connects the gear and jumps out. A little later, I put a wooden sword horizontally under my chin, and I also came out.
Rapid acceleration up to 2nd speed, holding the wooden sword in the left hand, pressing it on the right wrist, and holding it so that the tip 《Kissaki》 protruded diagonally forward from the center line. It's very unstable.
The gear was still in 2nd gear, I opened the accelerator. With the sound of the explosion, Kawasaki jumps out into the drizzle. Countless small raindrops hit the shield.
CB750 becomes a black lump and jumps at me. It's just near the center line. Head-on collision! Desperately suppressing the fear, I opened the accelerator further while keeping the line. The car body jumps out heavily forward. Since I'm holding on to the steering wheel with only one hand, my body shifts diagonally behind the seat and I'm about to leave it.
A wooden sword was pressed against the right wrist. With the tip of the wooden sword sticking out into Sawada's lane, I rushed in a straight line.
The CB750 dragged a tremendous exhaust noise and squeezed in front of me.
On the verge of passing each other, I leaned my upper body forward because of fear. It's like bending over into a gasoline tank.
CB750 slipped past my left side. I felt the wind pressure for a moment. Khan and Sawada's wooden sword hit the helmet.
My wooden sword had a heavier response. He struck somewhere in Sawada's body, surely, straight. A heavy feeling ran through the wooden sword "I" and slipped out of my left shoulder.
I leaned to the left. The entire field of view squeezes to the left.
"Wow!"
Involuntarily screamed, pulled out the wooden sword, and returned his hand to the handle.
The waist is about to fall from the seat to the left. Fall down! There is a light van in front of Kawasaki, which has turned to the right. I hit a light van.
With all his strength in both hands, he put his hips back in the middle of the seat, opened the accelerator, applied torque, and dropped it from his left shoulder.
The opening of the accelerator was too large. The rear wheel slipped without being able to grip the wet road surface. The back of the car body is swept to the right. The road surface on the left side suddenly lifted up high, and I squeezed it.
Fall down!
When the rear part of Kawasaki collided with the light van in a second or two, Tire re-captured the road surface. The total weight of Kawasaki on both hands and knees has become lighter like a lie.
When I grabbed the light van and went out to the center of the road while standing, I heard a heavy falling noise behind me. The CB750 was slammed on the road surface.
I recovered in the middle of the road and ran to the other side as it was. I stopped at the sidewalk and looked back over my shoulder.
The CB750 turned over miserably and was blowing white smoke from the exhaust pipe to the road surface. A little away, Sawada stretched out his limbs and fell sideways.
One man gathered wooden swords, and the other approached Sawada.
I hung up the stand and ran to Sawada crazy.
A man kneels on the road and looks into Sawada's face.
"Sawada!"
Sawada nods many times.
"are you okay"
Also, nod. The nod is solid.
The two men scooped Sawada's body off the road and carried it to a light van.
A man who changed a wooden sword into a light van dexterously raised the CB750 by himself. I walked up.
"are you okay"
In response to my words, the man inspected the CB.
Obviously, the handle is bent. The step on the left is also a strange angle. The man pushed the CB and went to the light van. At my feet left behind, there was an orange cover of a warning lamp lying around.
The light van carrying Sawada made a U-turn, passed in front of me, and ran away while speeding up toward Shinonome. A motorcycle man followed.
Only Sawada's CB750 and the man who was inspecting it remained. Straddling, the man started the engine. It started.
While blowing, the man who was kicking around the mission many times with a pinch, walked up and started running, leaving me behind.
I stopped and saw off the CB. The motorcycle slowly disappeared towards Shinonome.
By Kawasaki, I was sitting on the edge of the sidewalk for a long time.
The upper arm was placed on both knees, and the hand was hung between the crotch << again >>, and he was drowning. I couldn't think of anything.
In my very unpleasant, depressed mood, Sawada's face, Fuyumi's face, Asama's demon push highway, the neon of the motel "Ai no Tori", the apron behind Fuyumi, and I'm in Shinshu. The wet Yudachi appeared one after another in a disorderly manner and disappeared.
Drizzle << Kirisame >> is getting stronger.
From a distance, I heard the freighter's fog whistle. An unpleasant-smelling air, probably due to the smoke exhaled from the factory chimney, passed by, stroking my face with a fog whistle.
[# 7 indentation] 7 [# "7" is the middle heading]
 so sad. At the same time as sad, I feel like I've scratched my head from the bottomless tiredness.
A heavy and hot afternoon on a cloudy day.
The sky in Tokyo is covered with clouds, and under the clouds, a layer of smog is thickly embedded. There is no wind. It's hot and humid.
With a heavy gray bottom, Tokyo Zentai is groaning and trying to hit a tormented sleep. However, I can't lie down.
I'm at the Edobashi interchange on the high-speed loop line. It straddles Kawasaki with the engine turned off, and stays outside the driving lane that goes from the ramp of Edobashi to the ramp of Hakozakicho. He leaned against a low concrete wall to stop Kawasaki, put one foot on it, and stayed still.
It is the apex of a gentle curve that turns clockwise. Trucks and various cars roar and fly away from behind. I got stuck outside the curve, overtook me, and ran away.
The sounds of each car are combined into one, and it continues forever. The sound pushes my whole body and presses it. It sounds like an ominous ground noise.
It fits my mood right now.
The flow of cars in the oncoming lane is tremendous. A car that runs straight toward Kandabashi. Then, at the interchange, the car makes a big curve and goes out in the direction of Takaracho.
The tremor is transmitted to my body through Kawasaki's body.
A huge truck roaring and passing through my left side hits my body with wind pressure. The power of the truck hits me straight in the air, and my upper body involuntarily squeezes forward.
The exhaust gas mass remains stagnant at the bottom of the interchange and does not move. No matter where you look, it's messy black and soothing concrete. An ominous row of large concrete square pillars that support the highway. Rough road surface. The densely built buildings around the highway, large and small, appear to continue to grow eerily in the exhaust and noise.
The sound of truck tires trampling on the road surface is approaching from behind. Like an invisible monster, the sound suddenly grows louder and stronger, resting on my back and disciplining my head.
A white light van screams at the horn and slips through the inside of the truck, which goes through the curve all the way to the outside, at a tremendous speed. It's just like my Kawasaki.
As if the light van responded to the sound of the horn that kept ringing while going through the curve, monsters named cars full of bizarre energy rang the horn from here and there. It echoed on the walls of countless buildings, on the back and pillars of this highway, and eventually disappeared into the smog sky trapped in the clouds.
The lane that came from Gofukubashi, which drew a large curve of more than 45 degrees and turned into the ramp of Takaramachi, was over my head. The lane that goes over Showa-dori from Ueno to the same Takaramachi makes the same curve, which follows it.
As for the lanes coming from Hakozaki, the lanes on both the left and right ends rise up, leaving the main lane in the middle, and then wind up to the left and extend to the ramp of Takaramachi. This lane is also above me.
It's the bottom of a little hell.
Exhaust gas squeezed into the lungs and settled heavily on the bottom of the chest. The tire noise, vibration, and wind pressure of other cars paralyze the sensation of the whole body.
Why am I in such a place?
Sawada, who fell in a duel with me, was hospitalized. Dislocation of the left shoulder. Fracture of the ribs. And it seems that the hip bone was cracked. Men from the Glory Road Race Club at the same workplace said so.
Since that day, Sawada has been on leave.
I wanted to see Sawada who was hospitalized, so I asked the men of the Road Race Club to be hospitalized, but he didn't tell me. No matter how much you ask, it's no good.
"Because I've been told not to tell you."
Said the most responsible person of the road race club.
I went to the bank and withdrew all my savings. Aiming for a bright tomorrow, I've saved up a little bit. It was 510,000 yen.
I put it in the bag given at the counter, went to the company, overwrote it with "Hidemasa Sawada", and handed it to the man who is in charge of the glorious road race club.
"To Mr. Sawada"
"Oh"
Received by saying
"What is it, it's thick. Is it a 500-yen bill?"
He was laughing.
Tomorrow, he gave me a receipt with Sawada's signature.
"Look, a receipt. Sawada said he didn't need it, but I recommended it."
He said so and handed me a receipt.
"Look at the back"
He said.
There was one phone number scribbled on the back of the receipt.
"I met Sawada's sister at the hospital. If you're so cute, you'll want to argue with anyone who is a man. Call that number."
I didn't remember the phone number. It's not Fuyumi's home number.
"I got a job"
"That's right. I was told to tell you to call me."
Today, about an hour ago, I called that number.
It was some kind of company. A fast-talking young woman on the exchange table
"Do you know which section is Sawada?"
I changed my mind.
"I'm a woman who joined the company this spring. Fuyumi Sawada."
"Please wait"
 after a while,
"Hello"
And the voice of Fuyumi.
For some reason, I was thrilled. I can't make a good voice, and the way I speak is strange.
"Are you Fuyumi? I am Hashimoto."
"Okay"
Fuyumi said normally and kept silent.
I was at a loss while looking at the flow of cars at the telephone booth on Showa-dori.
"sorry"
For the time being, I said so.
"It's okay"
"I thought I could meet again"
"Yes, but--"
"What about your brother?"
"Don't say my brother"
A man with an attache case stood outside the telephone booth. I saw my face through the glass with an annoyed face.
"I'm calling from nearby"
I didn't know what to say, so I left it to him. I was desperate.
"job?"
"Yup"
The exchange was immediately interrupted again.
"I often come to this place."
Also, leave it to me.
"Is that so?"
"What if I meet up nearby?"
"Yeah--"
I think. It's Fuyumi's habit.
"Hello, can you tell me about it?"
"I say, but it's a motorcycle, right?"
"You just have to wave your hand"
"Yeah"
"What if it was night?"
"About what time?"
"For example, eleven o'clock. What do you say?"
"Good night, I'll tell you."
Quietly, Fuyumi hung up the phone.
A businessman with an attache case is waiting while walking around outside the box.
While going outside, I was strangely relieved. Fuyumi is far more humorous than I am.
After this call, I came up to the high-speed loop line from the Gofukubashi ramp on Sotobori-dori for no reason. And I feel like I'm sad and tired of staying here at this Edobashi interchange.
The flow of cars is uninterrupted in any lane.
The sound of the sharply spreading horn of a long-distance transport truck drives a passenger car coming out from the left in front of you as it approaches a curve. The truck ran away, basking me in a whirlpool of exhaust gas and wind pressure, along with the sound of the earth.
I turned on the switch and put my left foot back on the road, and I put out the kick pedal with my right foot.
When the kick gear was adjusted, the starter lever was operated, the weight was put on and the vehicle was stepped on, the engine started with the second shot as usual.
Looking at the flow of the following car, I started running.
Get off at Hamacho and go up to Highway No. 1 Ueno Line from Showa-dori. I passed Kawasaki until just a while ago and entered the high-speed loop line.
Dispel all the thoughts and concentrate on running, Higashi-Ginza "Higashi-Ginza", Shimbashi "Shinbashi", Shiba "Shiba", Iikura "Iikura", Kasumi "Kasumi" , Daikancho, Kandabashi, and so on.
I ran the same course twice more and got off at Kandabashi. I have to go to the office in less than an hour.
When I found a coffee shop, I raised Kawasaki on the sidewalk and locked the steering wheel. I took my helmet and went into the coffee shop.
After being drowsy for a while at the seat of Katasumi in one corner, I took out the letter from the pocket of the field jacket.
Includes a letter written on two letter papers and two square color photographs. Today, when I left the apartment, I found a letter in the mailbox No. 204, which was put together under the stairs on the iron plate.
I looked at the photo.
One is me, straddling Kawasaki and looking at the camera. The green of the grass and the blue of the sky are beautiful. My face is shining in the sun. Kawasaki is surprisingly dull. I'm laughing happily in the picture.
When I stared at it, I remembered the blue sky and the bright and strong sun that had spread in Shinshu that day in mid-July.
I wonder if there really was such a wonderful day. I feel like it was a long time ago. It hasn't been ten days yet.
The other photo is that woman's.
I saw the sender's name on the back of the envelope. Miyoko Shiraishi. The address is an apartment in Nishinomiya, Hyogo Prefecture.
Is this woman's name Miyoko Shiraishi?
For the first time, I noticed that our naked bodies were just touching each other in the public baths, but we didn't even hear their names.
I looked at her photo. This is a picture I took. I'm wondering if she was such a beautiful woman.
The upper body is clearly visible against the blue sky. Her skin is slightly sunburnt, her black hair is lightly on her forehead, and her mouth and eyes are smiling.
The feature is that the chin is slightly sharp. The round eyes are double eyelids, and the small nose is not high or low, and is clearly pulled out.
There is a slight shadow on the cheeks. The smile on her eyes and lips does not extend to her cheeks. That made her look more like her. A decent beauty with a pretty deep carving. My helmet on Kawasaki's mirror is distorted in the corner.
I read the letter. Various things are written. She was interested in what I was doing and why I liked riding motorcycles.
"The moment I saw it, I realized that I really like motorcycles. I was very envious. There's something I like so much. Why ride a motorcycle? 』\
Such a sentence is written horizontally in a beautiful ballpoint pen character.
I bought a set of three letter papers and envelopes at a stationery store that I passed by.
I wrote a reply while drinking cold coffee.
It's hard to write. I listed my date of birth, birthplace, height, university name, etc., and answered only the question of why I ride a motorcycle as follows.
"It must be boring. If you're bored, no matter what you do, you can cheat in whatever way you like. That's true of music. However, only motorcycles cannot be cheated properly. If you cheat, you will always get a slapstick. It's tough. That's why I ride. It ’s the best tension. ”
When I finished writing it, I became sad again. No matter how much I look at the blue sky of Shinshu in the photo, the sunlight of that day does not come back and my feelings do not stand out.
Miyoko Shiraishi. It's a beautiful woman in the photo, but it's far like the cumulonimbus that I saw in the Asama area that day.
The small metal cup with milk was submerged in the remaining coffee for no reason and left the store.
[# 7 indentation] 8 [# "8" is the middle heading]
The second letter arrived immediately from Miyoko Shiraishi of Nishinomiya.
"I'm bored too"
It was a written letter.
"I felt it somehow, but when I read the letter, it seemed clear. It's boring. Everyday life is very good, and if you do it properly, that's fine, but instead, it seems that you can see far from where you are. what should I do? 』\
It was written on three letter papers in this way.
The company was closed for three days in a row, so I came to school for the first time in a while.
Although it was a summer vacation, there are summer classes for those who have continued to lose their language credits throughout July, and many fourth graders are out to school to compose their graduation submissions. I'm a fourth grader.
At a folk art-like coffee shop near the school, I was trying to write a reply to Miyoko Shiraishi.
I can't write well. "I'm bored too. what should I do? What kind of reply should I write in a letter like "?"
I looked out the window. A good weather. hot. It looks like summer, with the sun shining on it.
The hot sunlight is wonderful. Most things can be forgotten when you are in the sun. Or most things can be forgiven. The quality of the space surrounding me will be different.
When the sun stopped shining, the details of everyday reality became clear and meaningful one by one, and each began to insist on its weight.
While the strong, bright sun was shining, that was not the case.
"I'm not good at letters"
With a blue felt-tip pen, I wrote on the stationery.
"If you feel uncomfortable, call me. It's better to talk on the phone. "
I added the phone number of my apartment room << Heya >>, and the reply was completed.
I put it in an envelope with a stamp already attached and sealed it. I wrote the address. I suddenly thought that Miyoko Shiraishi was the first to receive a letter from the same woman twice in a row.
At the company, you can take a summer vacation for a week. However, most transporters have to take a break in two weeks because of the need to rotate the transporters 24 hours a day. I am, too. The three days from today are the first part of the summer vacation.
Although it was a precious holiday, I was even more drowsy, thinking that it would be a waste to be drowsy like this at a coffee shop. Perhaps one of my friends will appear.
When I was looking at the manga that had many books in the store, all three men from the same department of composition appeared. A man named Kuriki, Momota, and Ogaki.
I found me, came with a slapstick, and sat down on a small chair with a cushion.
After chatting for a while, one woman came in before long. I have many staff notes. Nakahara | Mari is a woman named Mari. She is also a composer. I always ride a white Celica GT. That Celica I had borrowed for a drive with Fuyumi Sawada.
The other three did not notice her. Mari also took a slightly distant seat without looking at us. I told the waitress to order, took out a cigarette, pulled out a cigarette, and set it on fire.
She noticed us as she looked around the store while exhaling smoke.
Raised his hand and smiled, with a cigarette in his lips, he held a staff note and came to our seat. Bring a chair from the seat next to you and sit down
"Come on in Shinjuku"
Where to say
"What happened in Shinjuku? Did you have three eyes?"
And, Kuriki turns into tea. In response to that, Momota adds as follows.
"Three will finally make you look like a person."
Mari's eyes are thin. It's just a little bit, though.
The slender, pale face was separated from the center and curled, and the hair was surrounded from both sides. The body is also slender. I don't know at all whether my chest has a bulge or not. A cheerful, unbeatablely refreshing woman.
"I was waiting, Mari"
And this time it's Ogaki.
"What about me?"
"Even you can be waited for by a man."
"Are you a man?"
"What are you?"
"Is it still a woman?"
"It's Kanna"
"Canna?"
"Yes. Carpenter's tool canna"
"why?"
"Shaving a man's body"
Mari added a gesture.
"I often say"
The three men all laughed.
"With that thin waist"
"Hey Sukehira"
"But now, it's this kind of woman who's the one who slaughtered a man. Hey, Hashimoto."
"I don't know this guy, because he's just straddling a motorcycle."
Weightless brought what Mari ordered. It's Ice Winna. Iced coffee is put in a wide-mouthed chunky glass, and cream forms a thick white layer on top of the coffee.
"Oh, I wanted to drink this"
Holding a glass, Mari put her mouth on.
"You can have a white beard."
When you open the glass, iced coffee comes into your mouth from under the cream. If you try to drink without spilling, the cream will stick under your nose like a white eight-shaped beard.
Everyone laughed at it. It's like a kindergarten.
Mari lightly kicked the heel of my boots with the tip of the sandals.
"What are you doing, Koo, these days?"
"I'm not doing it"
"I was listening to Pablo Casals in the library. While playing, hmm, how many times do I get it? Impressive."
After a while, everyone left the store. The slip was paid by Mari.
A white Celica GT was parked in a small parking lot. Five of us got in. The three behind are shoes. Mari drove.
"When five people ride, the feeling of the steering wheel is completely different."
Soon the cooler came.
There was no destination, I ran toward the city center. While walking along the highway, I found a mailbox, asked Celica to stop, and posted a reply to Miyoko Shiraishi.
While running, various chats flew between the four people. I was generally silent.
I was wondering what the other friends were doing, and every time I found a red phone, I called those who were sure to be in Tokyo even during the summer vacation.
For the third time, Ogaki got off Celica and called the house of a man named Wada.
Ogaki, who was talking on the phone with some momentum at the bakery shop where the sun hits, turned over to Celica for a short run and straddled the guardrail.
"The sea, the sea! Let's go to the sea from now on!"
And, I screwed my body into the back seat.
"Where is the sea? In southern France, I went last year, so I don't like this year."
"What are you pretending to be? It's Sotobo."
"Kujukuri?"
"Yeah. I don't know, but his brother bought a prefabricated villa in Kujukuri. It's been a week and he's about to go. I'm going to go soon. Let's go. "
"I told you to go--"
To Mari, who is embarrassed
"Kujukuri, close, close"
"Let's go. Should go."
"I'm going through Tokyo for the time being, Keiyo Road. I know the shortcut from Chiba city to Kujukuri."
"You, by the way, my parents' house was Chiba."
"lets go"
"Some other girls are coming too."
"Especially, you should go. It's an orgy at night."
"Youth, this is surely"
"Mari, you're scared, orgy"
"If you're the other person, you won't be in fellowship. It's only when the woman is satisfied and in a state of dementia."
"You seem to understand a little."
In the end, I decided to go to Kujukuri as it is today. I also decided to go.
I decided to have him drop in at the apartment. Only I go by motorcycle. The seat behind Celica is too small.
It was fine only on the day we arrived at the sea.
The next day will be a completely cloudy sky from morning till evening. I was expecting bright and strong sunlight.
I was on the beach casually and spent the whole day. The next day, it was sunny from noon.
I would like to stay for as long as it is sunny, but from tomorrow I will be working part-time again. I have to go home.
There are as many as 10 people in a small villa with 4 rooms. Four girls, including Mari, cooked only dinner.
After dinner on the third day, I went to Tokyo by Kawasaki before 7 o'clock.
Ogaki is from Sawara City, Chiba Prefecture. He told me that if you take a little detour, you can see a summer festival in a small town in Katori-gun.
The prefabricated villa we were staying at was in Nakashinda. It is the northern end of the Kujukuri Toll Road.
I was planning to go straight west, pass through Togane, and drive on the back road of Route 126 to Chiba City.
"Summer festival?"
"It's good"
"It's just lined up with night shops."
"Well, that's right. Look at the seeds of the composition."
"I don't like composition"
"What do you like?"
"motorcycle"
I hit the fuel tank of my beloved Kawasaki.
"If so, show your motorcycle the summer festival."
"Hmm"
Ogaki finally laughed.
"Hmm, that's your habit."
"I try not to say much these days."
I bought a map while I put gas in the stand. When it comes to detours, I'm not confident.
The directions were easy. From Togane, take Route 126 to the north along the Sobu main line. Turn west just before Yokaichiba and head west on Route 296.
There is a small town just off the national highway, almost halfway between Yokaichiba and the airport of Narita. Once, I had been terribly lost in Chiba, but this should be fine.
July 25th, the night from Sotobo to the inland, fine weather. Unlike Tokyo, many stars are shining in silver in the sky. I ran slowly, enjoying the night.
By relying on the sign, I was able to reach the summer festival town without getting lost.
The road passing through the town was closed due to the festival. People are walking a lot. Beyond the houses on both sides of the road, I saw a two-story float with many lanterns hanging from the roof.
"This road can't be stopped, so go back the road."
Following the instructions of the policeman, I entered the back alley at the three-way junction "Sansaro" where the gas station is located.
There was a parking lot that was just a flat cut of the field. Only one lighting "Shomeito" stood. Several passenger cars were parked.
Kawasaki was stopped in one corner 《Katasumi》 and the handle was locked. With the fuel cock turned off and my helmet on, I went out to the street.
A float 《Dashi》 is coming to this place. Standing in front of the candy store, I watched over it.
Young men dressed in festival costumes are pulling two long ropes extending from the floats. Some people are dancing.
The float is a tall two-story building. An old-fashioned, elaborate roof is supported by four pillars, and in a high space surrounded by handrails, a young man dances to the music of a record. The musician "Hayakata" sits behind the geisha.
In the space below it, a big drum was set in, and there were many local people riding alongside the miki (miki). Here, too, there are handrails on all sides.
A lot of lanterns hang from the roof on the second floor, and white paper with the name and amount of the person who donated for the festival is stuck on it.
The wheels of the floats are large wooden ones. There are children around. The geisha dance is over. The floats began to move slowly.
The floats stopped at the three-forked road.
I walked towards the town. It's a moderately hot summer night. Suitable for a festival.
In the building lined with miscellaneous things, there was an old farmhouse with straw on the road. You can see the inside from the blinded doorway. An old man with only Steteco is drinking under the fluorescent light on the ceiling.
After a while, the night shops were lined up.
The smell of cotton candy, grilled buckwheat, okonomiyaki, etc. struck my nose.
I walked from store to store while chilling. Summer festival night in a strange town. For some reason, I am alone in it.
It appeared in the four Tsuji Tsuji. A float comes from the street over there. I bought a big frankfurter sausage at the corner shop.
Turn left. This road is also lined with night shops on both sides. After a while, I bumped into a float coming out of a place like a parking lot.
As soon as I came out on the road, the floats stopped in front of a big store. The geisha began to dance. Young people also dance around the rope. It was similar to the Awa Odori dance in Shikoku.
At the kimono shop, I watched the dance while biting the sausage.
I spent an hour like that.
I went back to where I stopped Kawasaki and reviewed the map. After thinking about the directions, I headed for the Tomisato interchange on the Shin-Kuko Expressway.
I wish I had been with someone, I thought while running on a dark road. Who would be nice Of course, I like women.
[# 7 indentation] 9 [# "9" is the middle heading]
There must be another big, proper drawing room.
This room, where I am waiting for the manuscript by myself, is a short-form drawing room.
There is a color TV so that you can relax, and there is also a bookshelf full of weekly magazines and manga. A gentle helper aunt in kimono will bring something to you all the time.
At first, it was tea. Then the fruit comes out, then the tea and cookies. Next is orange juice. And coffee and blueberry tart.
I just came back and
"Do you have a beer?"
He asked me.
When I got the manuscript, I had to go back to the office immediately by motorcycle. Beer is no good.
For the last two hours, I was sitting in this informal drawing room.
This is the home of a famous period novel writer.
It is a well-built, Japanese-style mansion. It's quiet and very quiet. Maybe it's because of midnight, but I can't hear any noise.
Suddenly, there was a knocking sound on the door. I was drowsy and was surprised.
"here you go"
When I answered, the door opened. It's a maid. Thank you deeply
"The teacher has been writing for a long time. The teacher asked me to ask, but will you be able to do kendo?"
"No, I can not"
"Goodbye"
Thank you again and took a step back.
"Then, please go here."
The wide corridor outside the door, which was well polished, is shown by hand.
"Please, here."
I walked after the maid. Socks slip on the slippery board, making it difficult to walk. The slippers have just been taken off.
I turned the corridor many times, passed through the place where the glass doors continued facing the garden, and came out in front of a room like a detached room connected by a crossing corridor.
There is a wide board space, and beyond that there is an entrance with shoji screens. Armor is placed on both sides of the shoji.
"Come on"
Said the maid in front of the shoji.
"Enter"
A cheerful voice was heard from the other side of the shoji.
The maid opened the shoji.
She tells me with her eyes. I went inside. The air conditioner is working.
It is a calm room with a large tatami mat. There is a large sitting desk in the center, and the teacher is dressed in a kimono and is behind the desk. Old-fashioned books, which may be materials, are scattered on beautiful tatami mats.
The maid has a shoji screen. I stood up because I didn't know what to do.
The teacher raised his face and stared at me.
"Hmm. 24 years old, raised near Tokyo, Kanagawa or Shizuoka?"
"It's Kanagawa"
The teacher nods.
"What year?"
"Correct"
"OK"
All back mixed with white things. The tip of the nose is red. It seems that the relationship with sake is long. Stubble. The eyes of the double eyelids are surprisingly easy in the back of the silver eyeglasses. A smile is on her thick lips.
"Actually, I have a request."
"Okay"
"Please take off your socks"
"Ha"
"I want you to go out to the garden. With me."
The teacher stood up. The height is about the same as me. It's a dull-colored, wrinkled kimono.
I went to a place like an alcove and grabbed two Japanese swords that were leaning against me.
"It's this way"
When you open the shoji with glass, you will find a corridor. Outside the glass door in the corridor was the courtyard. A silver lamp is shining light on the beautiful lawn. Stepping stones are disappearing beyond Tsukiyama in a curved line. You can see the pond and the planting.
I paid for both scabbards of Japanese swords. When it receives light, it glows cold and silver. Is it serious? It's just an eerie light.
"It's a white blade. People can be cut."
Said the teacher.
I will give you one from my walk.
"Try to hold it"
It is heavy in both hands.
"Hold your leg firmly so that you don't cut it."
There is a strange intonation in the way of speaking, which is amiable.
"To this place"
And, I took me out to the middle of the lawn.
Keep a little distance from me,
"Let's hold me with the intention of slashing me."
Said the teacher.
I held a heavy seriousness like a sword fight.
The teacher stared at me with the white blade gently lowered to the right. Keeping an eye on the back of my glasses, the teacher kept looking at me for a while.
"All right. Shoot it."
"What?"
"You can slash me. Slash me."
"What do I have to do"
"This is it"
The teacher's feet kicked the grass. The white blade flashed in the middle of the night. There was a clicking sound, and the teacher was in front of me. The teacher's swords are rubbing against each other seriously. Just before I split my head in two, the teacher stopped the sword.
"This is it"
A quick jump, the teacher went down to the previous position. It's a surprisingly light body.
"Come on, come on."
The teacher lowered the right arm holding the white blade again.
I repositioned. It's heavy, so my arms come down quickly. I stepped on my feet and stepped forward, as the teacher did.
The teacher pulled behind me.
"Come more violently!"
Without knowing what it was, I was absorbed in it,
"Yeah!"
Screaming, swinging seriously from right to left like a bat, and went forward. The weight drags my body.
The teacher's body sank,
"Oh!"
With a tremendous amount of energy, I slipped through my side and flew away.
"Come on, like now."
I repositioned, this time, I pierced like a spear.
The teacher slashed diagonally, jumping to the left. There was a buzzing sound of the wind. It's very close to my face.
"Come again. It's the way it is now."
I suddenly became scared.
However, the word that says I'm scared doesn't come out in a voice.
I could only hold my hands seriously with both hands, step on my feet and stay standing on the grass.
"come"
The voice struck me, and I stepped forward to run.
The teacher also flew toward me. He twists his upper body all the way to the right and turns the seriousness he holds with both hands behind his back.
The teacher's seriousness shines cold in the light of the full moon. The teacher's body, which flew away like a crush, sank. Let the rotating spring of the waist work,
"That's it!"
And, while turning the white blade, I slipped through my right side.
I was already numb in my upper arm due to the weight of the sword. Breathing is about to be disturbed. One of the two seriouss must touch my body and the flesh must be torn to the bone. I thought so. My legs were frozen and I couldn't move.
"Come on, again!"
The time continued as if I had a bad dream.
If this was really a dream, I would wake up as soon as I was slashed by the opponent's sword, but since it was a real event, it would last forever.
"Come on!"
As you remember, the teacher repeats.
I would have made me shoot many times.
Because of the heavy fear, my arms were even more numb and my legs were tangled. My chest is painful due to the disordered breathing.
When I tried to throw my sword out on the grass saying it was no good anymore
"All right. Until then."
Said the teacher.
What is "until then". I thought I was this bastard, but I was relieved to have both knees on the lawn. He lay seriously on the grass, crawls on all fours and hangs behind him. Sweat burst from my face and chest.
"Thank you for your hard work. I'm sorry. It was absolutely necessary to write the manuscript."
The teacher picked up the sword and put both of them in a scabbard. The teacher's breathing is not disturbed at all. I can't even see sweat.
I stood up.
"What is your name?"
"I'm Hashimoto."
"name is?"
"Koo"
"What is the character?"
"Takumi, meaning"
"Yeah. The pun is good. It's a good name."
The teacher went up in the corridor. After that, I entered the teacher's room.
Press the bell button to call the helper and look back at me.
"You say yes when you reply. I know etiquette. Do you have enough food and clothing?"
What should I answer?
"What is your monthly salary?"
"It's about 160,000."
"Umu"
Nodding.
"Are you calling?"
There was a maid's voice outside the shoji screen.
"Please guide this person to the bathroom"
And it is suitable for me,
"The manuscript will be finished in an hour. Sweat and wait. I'm sorry."
In the wooden bathroom that was guided, I used hot water as I was told. I carefully examined whether there was any slashed part of my body. When I was waiting in the reception room, the manuscript was completed in just one hour. It is a manuscript of a newspaper serialization era novel.
The maid gave me a big envelope,
"Then this is from the teacher."
He gave me a small envelope. It is written in the character of a master fountain pen as "Takumi Hashimoto".
"Ha"
I received it without thinking about it, and I left. The last-minute manuscript has been delayed for another three hours.
From Denenchofu, I went back to the office on the road in the middle of the night, turning the Kawasaki engine around. He was badly scolded by his desk for being late. Even if I explain the situation, he doesn't listen.
The small envelope given by the writer's teacher contained six 10,000-yen bills.
After work, I came back to my apartment.
When the door was unlocked, the phone started ringing in the room.
I went up to the room with my boots and picked up the receiver.
"Oh, were you there?"
A young woman's voice said so over the phone.
"Issa"
"It's the second Yutakaso, isn't it?"
"so"
"My place is a violet apartment"
Sumire apartment. That's it. This is Miyoko Shiraishi from Nishinomiya.
"Yo"
"I tried calling to see if it really took."
"It would have taken"
"It took me"
Miyoko is laughing.
"How do you read your name? Isao?"
"Koo"
"so"
"It's not fashionable."
"I'm Miyo"
"Miyo"
"Because it's Miyoko.
"So that's it"
I sat down on the bed and took off my boots.
The handset was sandwiched between the chin and shoulders, and while responding, the T-shirt was taken off. And jeans. Next is pants and socks. It's too hot. Only naked.
"What are you doing?"
"Nude"
"It's hot, isn't it?"
"hot"
It's a strange phone.
"But autumn is early this year."
"Hey"
"No"
"why"
"Because summer is the best"
The hobby matches me.
"I am too"
I saw the wall on the far side.
There is one pillar in the middle of the wall. At the height of my eyes on the pillar, two photos are pinned. This is the photo she sent me.
"From here you can see Mt. Asama"
"e?"
"Mt. Asama in summer. How many days will it be?"
It seems like a long time ago.
"What are you talking about?"
"Miyo is a beautiful woman"
"What, that"
"You can see Mt. Asama"
"all right!"
"I don't want you to understand it so easily."
"You're looking at a photo, right?"
"Yes. It's pinned to the pillar."
"Do you watch every day?"
"Yes, Kawasaki."
"Chie"
"I'm also looking at the blue sky"
"Are you in Tokyo?"
"Photograph"
"It was a really nice sky."
"Somehow, I feel like it was a long time ago."
"Yeah, me too."
"Why"
"Year"
"How many are you?"
"I've just become twenty-four."
"It's the same as me"
"Because today is my birthday"
"Hey Hey"
"Time seems to fly"
"Let's give something as a present"
"Yeah"
"But nothing"
Miyoko laughed hahaha.
"Did you go to Asama on your way home?"
"Turn around"
"Do you run well on motorcycles?"
"It's work"
"Transporting manuscripts"
"Yup"
"Do you carry a lot?"
"It's a little. Because it's a motorcycle."
"When it comes to transportation, there seem to be many."
I talked about tonight's experience when I went to a period novel writer to get a manuscript.
It seems that the situation is not swallowed well, Miyoko says, yeah.
"Is it all that summer?"
"What is that?"
"Isn't there anywhere other than Shinshu? I went to the sea."
"Where?"
The voice suddenly bounced.
"Kujukuri"
"Chiba Prefecture"
"Three days. The sun shined only on the last day."
"I like the sea"
"Why don't you go?"
"I'm going home, rather than going. Because my parents' home is an island in the Seto Inland Sea."
"The Seto Inland Sea has never been."
"Why don't you run on a motorcycle?"
"I've only been to Hokkaido, Tohoku, Kita-Kantou, and Sanin."
"How are you going from Tokyo to Kujukuri? There is a map of Japan on the wall in front of the desk. I'm talking while looking at it."
"Poke through the area near the base of the Boso Peninsula."
"Around Inba-numa?"
"A little more south"
"Is it a good sea? It's the Pacific Ocean, right?"
"It was lovely. I saw a summer festival on my way home."
"Wow. Alone?"
"Alone"
"I wish I were with who"
"I thought so too."
"Why don't you come to the Seto Inland Sea?"
"want to go"
"In August, it's a Bon festival dance from the 14th to the 16th. I'm going to take a break this year and go home."
"What city?"
She told me the name of the island.
"What prefecture is it?"
"Okayama"
"wait a moment"
I put the handset on the bed and took out the drive map from the bookshelf. I opened the page of the Seto Inland Sea between Okayama Prefecture and Shikoku.
"where?"
"Kasaoka is right. It's the sea. From Fukuyama's, a little Kurashiki."
"there were"
"From there, the ferry. About 40 minutes."
When I followed the ferry route, I found the small island.
"found"
"It's small, isn't it?"
"I want to go"
"In midsummer, it's a very nice place. The sun is bright and strong."
"When is it in August?"
"14th to 16th"
Along with that, it may be possible to take the second half of the summer vacation.
"come?"
"Make a plan"
"Yeah. One ferry a day."
"What time?"
"Early in the morning.
"Can you call me?"
"Do"
Miyoko was silent for a while.
"happy Birthday"
I said.
"Uhyahya"
She is laughing.
"Let's sing a song"
"Oh, sing"
"What should we get?"
"what ever"
"I'll make you feel nostalgic"
"What do you miss?"
I saw two pictures that were pinned to the pillar.
"Chikuma River"
"Wow"
"I'll put out the guitar, so wait a minute."
The handset was placed on the bed again and the hummingbird was taken out of the case.
After tuning, I picked up the receiver.
"It's different now. It's tuning."
"Yup"
The phone on the tatami mat was placed on the desk. The cord of the handset was entwined around the Z lamp support and hung like a microphone. I adjusted the height of the Z lamp so that the mouthpiece was in the same position as my mouth.
The songbook of popular songs was pulled out from the bookshelf. One day, I found something I had forgotten on the train.
I opened the place of "Chikuma River". Once you hear such a simple song, you will remember it. However, I am not confident in the lyrics.
The lyrics were printed up to the third. I have now noticed that the range of each song is organized so that it is easy for ordinary people to sing.
I hung the guitar strap on my shoulder and started singing. The person in the next room, Heya, is a hostess. The return is always late. Even if I sing a song, I don't get any complaints.
Effectively accompaniment, especially emotionally, I sang.
Singing up to number 3, I put the handset on my ear. You can hear the sound of clapping your hands.
"Thank you. It was wonderful."
"happy Birthday"
"really really"
I removed the handset from the Z lamp support.
"Come to the island. With that Kawasaki."
"make a plan"
"Yup"
"Call me"
"I will"
"At night, I'm here"
"OK"
[# 7 indentation] [# middle heading] 10 [# "10" is tate-chu-yoko] [# middle heading end]
A ferry called No. 5 Kikumaru is heading from Sasaoka to the island where Miyoko is waiting. I'm on the ferry with Kawasaki.
It's sunny.
I'm happy. The sun is strong. very hot. In the sun, my upper body was naked, and I stood up. I looked at the sea and the sky.
The sky above is deep blue. As I went to the surrounding area, it was whitish and blurry for some reason.
The shining sun burns my skin. It feels good. You should get more and more sunburned. This is a commemorative photo taken by the sun on my skin.
Sweat runs down. It feels good.
It seems that the smog and exhaust gas that had been sucked into the body in Tokyo became sweat and was washed out of the body.
The sea is solid. There are few waves. I can't feel the wind. The ferry speed is very slow. The vibration of the engine is transmitted from the hull to both legs.
Everything you see is in the bright and strong sunlight. I feel happy. Convinced that there was no more happiness, I was staring at the sea of ​​ferry riders.
The beginning of August. The sea of ​​Seto, which has just entered the summer, is now heading for a small island.
After all, I couldn't take a day off in the middle of August.
Senior transporters take a day off before and after the Obon festival. In terms of age, I'm older than mid-career, but even so, there are some seniors like Sawada who are older and have a long career, and they decide on a day off earlier. Only at the beginning of August, I could take my vacation.
If you tell Miyoko who called you, then I will suit you too. You don't have to go back to Bon Odori. Miyoko said so.
I made a plan for the Seto Inland Sea by calling and getting calls several times.
She returned from Nishinomiya to the island one day earlier, and the next afternoon, I crossed from Kasaoka by ferry. Miyoko will take care of it. It became such a setup.
The ferry was early in the afternoon.
I took a ferry from a small port in Kasaoka, just off National Highway No. 2. I don't have a car, and my only big motorcycle is my Kawasaki. Besides, there was an uncle of Honda Benly, who was probably an islander. The ferry seemed to be full, with aunts, high school girls, and people going to the beach to swim overnight.
It is a small ferry painted white.
There is a bridge in the center of the hull, and the wheelhouse << Sodashitsu >> is on it. Behind the bridge is a parking space covered with a dark green canopy. And from there there are stairs that take you to a small cabin. The parking space was full of corks instead of no cars.
Various ships go under the midsummer sky. I passed by a white medical boat. The high-speed boat pulls out. A tanker full of red rust, like an abandoned ship, crosses the ferry line at an unexpected speed.
There are many fishing boats off the coast. A speedboat flies while bouncing over the sea.
The scent of the tide is good. With the light of the sun, I tried to capture it in my body as much as possible.
There are many islands on the line. Connected to one, it looks like land.
The sun-burnt, salt-and-pepper deck member told me which island I was going to visit.
Leaning on the hot burnt iron plate of the bridge, I stared at the island.
When I went touring from Tokyo by motorcycle, when I approached my destination, I was always excited by my expectations. It's still such a crushing time.
The chest was more exciting than usual. It's summer, and the hot sun is shining on the sea. Besides, Miyoko is waiting for me on the island.
Even if you look at the pictures in the apartment or remember the time when you met on the mountain pass in Shinshu, Miyoko's face and atmosphere "Fuiki" did not come back to life.
What kind of woman was it?
While running on National Highway No. 2 with Kawasaki, I wanted to meet Miyoko.
I'm heading to her island now. For the next four days, I will spend time with her in the sun.
The ferry slowly approaches the island. The mountains are dark green. Only that can be understood from a distance.
Eventually, the house-like building along the sea began to be clearly visible. It is lined with old-fashioned square houses on the black side. The sun is shining on the black side.
You can see the coast. It shines beige. People are less than I expected. Red and blue paint on the seaside house. There are two supple colors of beach umbrellas. It looks like a very simple beach. A green mountain squeezes just behind the coast. Mountains, beaches and homes lie quietly over the sea, as if taken away from the passage of time, bathed in the full summer sun.
The ferry was turning around.
A little offshore from the coast, there is a rocky mountain that looks like a pile of rocks. I proceeded toward the rocky mountain and changed my course to the left.
The coast disappeared beyond the rocky mountains.
By mistake, I saw the port. A white high-speed boat came out from the other side of the breakwater. By the time I passed the ferry, the white waves kicking up with a bow were thrown up to the left and right, and the throttle was full.
The cape 《Misaki》 was on the left side. A short tree grows on the top of a small mountain at the cape, and there are countless rocks that come into contact with the sea. There was a dent on the cape, and I could see several houses around the pretty sandy beach.
The harbor looks like a round cove. Breakwaters extend from both sides of the entrance. At the tip of one of the breakwaters stands a small dream-like lighthouse made of dark-colored bricks.
Straight, the ferry went between the two breakwaters. I honked the whistle once.
The mountain can be seen in the back of the harbor. Old-fashioned private houses sparsely surround the harbor. I don't see people. Everything receives the sun and stays still. In my eyes, which had begun to become a little dull in the heat, the appearance of the harbor seemed to bring back the sight of an old, distant dream that I had completely forgotten. I've definitely seen this kind of scenery once somewhere. I never really believed it, but I believed so.
The breakwater is just around the corner.
There is someone on the concrete pedestal of the lighthouse. It's a young woman. I'm watching the ferry.
Jogging shorts, thin shoulder straps, purple tank top, brushed hair with one hand, and waving the other hand toward the ferry. He smiles with a sunburned face. The legs are dazzling.
She swings her hands over her head.
"Koo!"
I heard a screaming voice.
Miyoko, I said in my chest.
Slowly, I walked to the bow of the ferry.
"Koo!"
Also called.
Certainly Miyoko.
I was so happy that I waved my hand.
A ferry approached the breakwater with the lighthouse.
It seems that you can reach it if you reach out. The ferry clears the tip of the breakwater.
With the lighthouse on her back, Miyoko puts her hands on her hips and smiles.
The ferry is lower in position. Standing on the bow, I looked up at Miyoko and couldn't say anything.
I'm happy with everything that surrounds me now, and I can't make a voice.
Miyoko extends one hand. A healthy body shines in the sun.
I also extended my right hand. It does not arrive. However, I remembered in my right hand the same feeling that she and her hands touched each other.
The ferry turned off the engine when it went around the tip of the breakwater. I turned around using inertia and headed from the bow to the ferry landing just inside the breakwater.
Miyoko runs on the breakwater to the harbor. The body is light and bouncing.
The ferry entered the port at high tide.
There is a concrete slope from the road passing in front of the harbor into the sea. There are many narrow grooves on the side.
The bow of the ferry quietly berthed on the slope. The bow can be lowered with a wire rope onto a concrete slope, like one of an open / close bridges.
When the position was decided, the winch began to growl. The rope moved, and the boarding / alighting ramp, which stood diagonally on the bow, slowly and heavily descended onto the concrete slope.
When the winch stopped, the berthing was completed and people went ashore. I also went up to the harbor.
"The weather is much better"
Miyoko, who had been waiting for her, showed her white teeth and said so.
It feels different from when I met in Shinshu. The atmosphere is different from the photos. The most wonderful thing that stands in front of me right now is. For the first time, I realized that I was about the same height as me.
"Good place"
I looked around.
"Because the sun is shining in midsummer"
The cicada's cry is amazing.
The small, laid-back garden with no people is full of cicadas. Along with the heat and brightness of the sun, the voice of the cicada seems to permeate into the body. The scent of the pine tree was full.
Before I knew it, we were the only ones in the harbor in the sun. A blue canopy "Tengai" overhangs in front of the harbor office, and there is a bench in the shade. An old man was sitting on the bench looking at us.
No one can be seen anywhere on the floating pier where high-speed boats arrive and depart, on the breakwater. An old man in a white shirt bends down and walks along a grassy road with a fire lookout tower over the harbor.
"You really came in Kawasaki."
"that's right"
"There is no way to run on the island."
"Goodness"
Somehow, I couldn't speak well.
I didn't think Miyoko was such a nice woman, so I was confused.
It was burnt in the sun, looked healthy, and had round eyes. The bulge of the chest of the tank top is good, and the legs extending from the jogging shorts are smooth and powerful.
In return for the ferry, I started the Kawasaki engine. From the ferry, I went up the slope for going up and down to the harbor.
"Wow sound"
"It's the sound of love"
"What is Rokuhan?"
"Yup"
I went ashore, turned off the engine, put on the side stand, and I wore a T-shirt.
"I want to jump into the sea"
"Would you like to go to my house?"
"Is it close?"
"soon"
There was a small square beyond the port office. After passing through it, I entered the asphalt road where private houses touched the eaves and connected to both sides. The narrow road bends strangely and continues.
It is quiet. There are many well-built, large houses. Each one of the appearances is very rare for me. It feels like I've jumped over a long time and came to a long time ago.
"Good place"
"favorite?"
"very much"
"I'm glad. I haven't changed in a long time. But I haven't changed at all."
From the middle, I climbed a gentle slope toward the gentle mountain that was right there.
At the end of the slope, there was Miyoko's house with the mountain behind. It stands solidly inside a wall of stones. It's a big two-story building. On the other hand, the wall board is also painted black.
When you enter the gate, it is a beautiful courtyard. There is a field in the back of the garden, and beyond that, there are many trees and branches are spreading. You can see many small green round fruits.
"It's a great house"
I said as I wanted.
"Just a country house"
"Discover Japan"
"Indeed"
A small billboard is struck on the edge of the black board wall. "Zutsuu Haita Nautica" is baked with red paint on a white background.
"I've been there since I was a junior high school student."
"Is junior high school here?"
Miyoko nodded.
"I'll show you that junior high school later. I like motorcycles over there."
Contrary to the main building, there is a large barn. Inside is a deep shade.
There was one Honda practical motorcycle, Benly's CD125. Behind that, I put Kawasaki and hung the center stand.
Luggage was packed in a large saddle bag. Luggage is not a big deal except for tools.
"Go home"
"Yup"
This is also a semi-squat that makes me sad because of the clear air.
Half of the wet edge was covered with three blinds burned in the sun. When you open the shoji, it's a tatami room.
"My younger brother is Osaka. My parents are the only ones. I'll be back in the evening."
It was a dreamy day. It's only three days, though.
Wake up early in the morning.
Because the night before, my whole body was comfortably tired and I was breathing in the sun, so I fell asleep before 10 o'clock.
When I stood on the wet edge without getting up, the sky in Setouchi in the summer was blue, and the clear sunshine was pouring down. And semi-shigure.
Eat breakfast prepared by Miyo with her parents.
Incidentally, in the last three days, I have come to call Miyoko Miyo. For me, she can no longer be anything but Miyo.
After breakfast, it was the sea. I was on the sea in the summer.
Stay in the sea until after noon. You can swim, lie down on the beach and bake in the sun, or swim to the rocky mountains off the coast at high tide and watch the boats constantly coming and going in the Seto Inland Sea.
After noon, I returned to Miyo's home. She prepares lunch for me. Eat with my mother. His father has gone to work with a lunch box at a quarry on the other side of the island. Her parents are Okayama dialect's quiet elderly people.
Miyo resembled her mother.
"Now, I'm crumpled, but I used to be called Shiraishi Komachi."
The father said that about his wife.
From noon to evening, the sea again.
When the sun was big, it was a walk.
There are not many places to walk. Walk in a quiet house, climb a mountain path and watch the sunset. Seen from this island, the sun is not beyond the horizon, but rather as a modestly sized red ball that sets over the shadows of the island.
Returning home, Miyo cooks dinner. The mother helps it. His father watched TV and had an evening drink. Speaking of me, I feel like an adopted child who is very cherished when I turn over to a wet edge and see the darkening sky.
Always, a nice "nice" Miyo was with me.
I was tanned black, and Miyo was the same, tanned.
On the evening of the first day when I came to the island, Miyo took me to a junior high school.
When I was about to leave the house, Miyo stopped and stared at my face.
"That's right. I have a request."
"What is it?"
"Put it on Kawasaki"
"Isn't it running?"
"Schoolyard"
"Can't you happen?"
"OK"
I took a slow-moving Kawasaki in tandem and went to junior high school. It takes less than five minutes from Miyo's home.
The large square schoolyard is surrounded by a nostalgic wooden school building. It is said that kindergarten and elementary school are the same.
I overlooked the school building and the schoolyard.
"I'll go around"
And, I stepped on the neutral gear in the first speed.
"It's different. I'm alone."
"No, no."
"I have a driver's license up to 125. And also a regular driver's license."
"When did you take it?"
"Small motorcycles are about to reach sixteen. Put them on."
"It's impossible in that style."
I pointed to Miyo in jogging shorts on the tank top.
"Jeans, come in"
"Yeah. I'll give you my boots. Yes, bring me a helmet."
While fluttering the rubber sandals, Miyo ran out of the schoolyard.
And I came back soon.
Blue jeans on my boots. A long-sleeved dungaree shirt. He is holding a helmet in his hand with leather gloves.
While biting the helmet, Miyo straddled Kawasaki.
"The shift is different from Benly"
A glance, Miyo saw my face. The face looks different, probably because of the helmet. The expression is very serious.
"I know"
"The bottom is low. Scoop up and neutral. From there to 4th gear, up."
"It's like a poem"
In addition to that, I gave some basic notes.
"Slowly, big, around the schoolyard"
"Yup"
Miyo put in the low, released the clutch lever by sliding the belly of the four fingers of the left hand from the index finger to the little finger, and started to slide gently with a half-clutch.
"OK"
I said.
I was surprised to see Miyo running over the schoolyard.
It's good.
I'm used to it. The body is neatly integrated with the motorcycle, there is no strangely powerful part, it is natural and soft. The knee grip is fluttering.
When I was looking at my left foot, I quickly and accurately shifted up to 3rd gear and put it in 4th gear. Draw a big circle in the schoolyard and come back to me.
I applauded.
Don't stop, go around again. Open the accelerator a little more. Exhaust sound changes. The sound of my Kawasaki exhaust was heard in the schoolyard on the evening of summer vacation, when there were no other people.
The slalom slipped between the columns of the high horizontal bar. The timing of the accelerator work and the defeat was beautifully matched. It came off cleanly.
It was turned around again, and I signaled.
Slalom was done with an iron bar in the same way, and I came back to my front and stopped.
"It's the first time for 650. I'm thrilled. The sound is good."
"Because there is sand, I can slip."
I wanted to better express the surprise of her good riding, but only these words came out.
"It's very different from Benly."
"good"
Miyo's eyes shined brightly.
"so?"
"I'm not scared. That's the best."
"But I'm scared. I'm not used to it."
"Run more. You can open the accelerator a little more."
Miyo ran in the schoolyard five more times.
"Tell me something because it's a big deal."
Miyo says.
I tried to brake straight ahead.
This is also good. The front and rear are in harmony. Shift down is also appropriate.
"good"
"Is it so good?"
"As far as I can see here"
While responding, I noticed that Miyo's all-out atmosphere "Fuiki" fits well with a big motorcycle.
For women, this is rarely the case. Wearing boots, a helmet, and gloves makes Miyo feel completely different.
Normally, when a woman gets entangled in a big motorcycle, her body becomes jerky, weak, and even pitiful. The overall feeling of discomfort in the details, such as how to grip the grip, how to stretch the arms, how to close the knees, and how to stand the neck, creates such an impression.
But Miyo was different.
The size and weight of Kawasaki and the hidden power of her are all familiar with her flexibly and comfortably.
While watching the schoolyard run around many times, I felt very strange for some reason.
The dusk of the third day has come.
Even when I took a hot bath, my sun-baked skin on my whole body finally didn't hurt, but I have to go back to Tokyo tomorrow.
After dinner, we went for a walk.
As I walked toward the port, Miyo's father overtook me by bicycle from behind.
The tide was beginning to fill. The stars are shining in the sky. It's night. There is no light other than the streetlights that are popping up. The moon is stuck in a low position.
We walked to the tip of the breakwater with the lighthouse Todai.
A yacht was unloading an anchor outside the breakwater over there. The ship name can be read as "Kuroshio Maru * [# Roman numeral 2, 1-13-22] world".
"A beautiful yacht"
"Yup"
"It's concrete"
"e?"
"The hull is made of concrete. It has become very popular. Don't you know?"
"I did not know"
There are mosquitoes. If you stay still a little, it doesn't matter where you are.
Night on a small island. It's quiet. The voice of the cicada has stopped. Tomorrow, as the sun rises, a semi-squeak that can hold your body down will begin.
The night breeze is full of the scent of the sea. The waves were gently hitting the breakwater.
Because I was in the sun all day long, the heat stayed inside my body, and it became a pleasant heat and came out on my skin.
Miyo was looking at the stars, leaning against the brick wall of the lighthouse.
"Koo"
Miyo whispered in a low voice, audible or inaudible. Gently extend one hand and touch my arm.
When I leaned over, Miyo lifted her body from the lighthouse. I hugged each other, and my lips became bulky. Just a kiss. However, during that time, the passage of time surely stopped.
"This is perfect."
Away, Miyo said.
For these three days, in the evening, Miyo always wanted to ride Kawasaki. Pushing to the junior high school playground, Miyo rode a Kawasaki in my boots and helmet.
There is only one road on this island that can be driven by motorcycle. It is a road that extends from the edge of the harbor square to the coast. The road curves from the harbor to a gentle uphill slope. After going through the curve, it's a downhill. After going down the hill, the coast is on the right. If you go straight, you will pass in front of the inn and you will find a dead end where there is a crane that loads the cut stones on the ship.
After noon on the second day, I ran this road with Kawasaki only once. Miyo ran without a hitch.
I went around a small harbor at night and went out to the breakwater on the far side. There are many fishing boats inside, which is fast. It seems that some people live on the ship. A net is dried on the breakwater. A number of black and orange round plastic floats are rolling.
"Koo. You really like that Kawasaki motorcycle."
"I love you"
"I was envious. When I first saw it in Shinshu."
"I would have come out on my face."
Miyo laughed at my words.
"I was out all over my body"
"I'm a lover"
"I?"
Miyo said in a loud voice.
"It's nice"
"that's all?"
"I love you"
"Oh!"
"Don't be jealous. The opponent is 53 [#" 53 "is tate-chu-yoko] horsepower. I don't know
"I want to be able to ride"
"You said you have a 125 license."
"so"
"Then, next is the medium size."
"350"
"400. Next is the release of the limitation"
"I wonder"
"What?"
"Can I get it?"
"I think I can do it. I'm sure there is a quality."
"I wonder if it was good to be on the 125."
"It's a quality"
Eventually, we went home.
When you take a bath, you will feel a healthy drowsiness all over your body. It really makes me sleepy.
"I'm going to sleep, I'm going to sleep"
I dried the towel in the corridor facing the backyard. Beyond the corridor is Miyo.
"good night"
She says.
"Let's sleep together"
Her voice in response to my words was surprisingly transparent. I felt inside that voice something like courage that I rarely felt about a woman's child.
"Hahaha"
Miyo laughed.
The ferry left the island port at 7 o'clock on the morning of the 4th day. Miyo came to see me off. She is said to be on this island for another two days.
It was fine today as well. The sun is strong from the morning.
In the sunlight, leaving Miyo waving at the side of the lighthouse 《Todai》, the ferry slowly went out to the sea.
[# 7 indentation] [# middle heading] 11 [# "11" is tate-chu-yoko] [# middle heading end]
If autumn was somewhere in the sky and it was coming down a little as soon as summer passed, this autumn was like being cut off.
Suddenly it was autumn.
There was no residual heat anywhere.
At the end of summer, chilly rainy days continued for three or four days. Even sports newspapers wrote that it was unprecedentedly cool.
When the rainy days were over, it was autumn in every angle, apparently to anyone's eyes.
The sun was far and small.
The scent of the wind was not summer. The refreshing feeling on the skin was completely autumnal.
The space became transparent and transparent, and for some reason, it was lonely.
The newspaper wrote in the news of the cold weather that there would be no residual heat this year.
The residual heat is very important to me. In the strong sunlight, the sweaty skin prepares little by little toward autumn in the residual heat. But this year was suddenly autumn. I have no time to prepare.
One day, when I woke up in my apartment, the room of No. 2 Yutakaso, it was autumn. It sounds awkward, but it was suddenly autumn.
This is very troublesome. First and foremost, I wasn't ready. Time goes by day by day, so summer is about to end, and when summer is over, autumn is about to come. There is no problem, no problem. However, I am in trouble.
Because I wanted to squeeze more things and experiences into the days of the strong sun, summer.
Now, from now on, in the summer, I had already gone somewhere without leaving the scent in the blue sky. The summer that has passed is already so far away that I miss it.
Summer, summer, and like an idiot, I'm thinking only about summer.
Summer is gone and it's hard. I'm lonely.
I seriously thought about chasing the sun to the southern tip of Kyushu, straddling Kawasaki.
I don't have time. However, I decided to chase after the sun, even if I couldn't get enough time.
While I was thinking about it, time went on and on. Autumn is deepening without mercy.
Izu Peninsula 《Izuhanto》 is also in autumn.
Autumn Sunday. Amagi Kogen, in bright sunlight. We are now having lunch and taking a break on the open-air cafe terrace with a view of a large restaurant that stands a little off the road.
Gravel 《Jari》 is laid on the top of the cafe / terrace. A white-painted iron rococo-style round table with glass and chairs. The sun is licking and hitting cleanly.
I'm looking at T-shirts and young women in cut-off jeans.
When I found the residual scent of summer in their appearance, I was comforting myself by myself.
Family-friendly uncles and aunts are already in tune in the fall, which has already begun, and are wearing sweaters and cardigans. After three or four hours, when the sun shines a little, it suddenly becomes chilly on the plateau.
It's no longer hot because I'm wearing a leather coverall.
Today, early in the morning, we went touring. It's a monthly touring tournament of the Eikou Road Race Club, which is organized by some of the company's colleagues and seniors. I don't belong to that road race club. There is an unwritten rule that even if you do not belong, you must participate if you are invited. And that unwritten law is firmly protected.
I've been running since the morning.
Road race club day trip touring is famous for skipping.
Two years ago, he died alone in Hakone. Last year, at Fuji Five Lakes, who was seriously injured for four months, and on the way back, he was entangled with a truck and was smashed by a double tire on the rear wheel. Over the past year, I've been told a lot about who the blood flew to their boots.
I participated in the monthly touring for the first time today. At last, the person in charge of the road race club invited me with a single word, "Come on."
I didn't expect to fly this much.
On the straight, a big fight against wind pressure. At the corners, it is required to squeeze out Kawasaki's performance and my skill.
On the Izu Peninsula on Sunday, which was covered with the early autumn breeze and light, there was a car called my car that went out for a vacation.
When I arrived at this restaurant, when I asked my friends why I was touring on such a Sunday,
"Because it's worth skipping"
The answer is back.
"And this isn't touring. It's a motorcycle obstacle race. If you think it's touring, you'll die."
Really, with the thought of dying, I skipped it all morning.
I don't think the Kawasaki RS650 is originally a machine with acceleration and curves. But I can't say that.
It was as much as I could to keep up with the people behind the top. If I take my head and fly it, I'll be seen by all the manuscript transporters in the company, but it's impossible to be the top. But I didn't give up.
At 5 o'clock in the evening, it will be automatically disbanded no matter where you are running. By five o'clock, I should be able to take the top position for a while.
The 900 yen "Kogen Bento" has settled down to the bottom of my stomach and is getting used to it. Two cups of coffee are soaking into the "Kogen Bento" that is getting better.
At first, I felt nauseous and couldn't eat. It's a mild nausea as a result of flying too long and being physically and psychologically tense.
Besides, the vibration of Kawasaki. When it exceeds 4000 rotations, it becomes tremendous.
Normally, this vibration is also one of the great attractions of Kawasaki, which I love, but in murder touring like today, it can be answered. Both feet stepping on the step slide out of the step because of the vibration. Even if you step on it with all your strength, both feet will be removed. It's already more than enough fighting just to get in the right position and get on the machine.
As the nutrients in the "Kogen Bento" began to rotate in my stomach, my body was somewhat rejuvenated.
Three young women are sitting on the table behind my name. I am happy to talk about traveling.
From the story that Izu must have early autumn colors this year, there are talks with Okutone, Nikko, Fuji Lake Line, and Arashiyama in Kyoto. Fly and spread.
One of the executives of the Eikou Road Race Club AJE branch came to my table.
"You're still alive"
Saying so with a thick voice, he lifted the chair and turned it half a turn, straddling it in front of the backrest. The body wrapped in the black skin is so strong that it is incomparable to me who is thin.
In a large oval 《Daenkei》 glass container, the onion slices were piled up enough to be eaten by a horse and placed on the table.
"Don't eat"
He pulled out the disposable chopsticks from the bag.
"I'm motivated."
"Originally, I'm motivated."
"That's right, though."
Crush the raw egg that had been dropped on the slice, mix it with the sauce, sprinkle it well on the onion slice, then bite it into disposable chopsticks, and he cheeked.
"I'm motivated, but I thought you were dead."
"No way"
"No, the real story"
"This is fine."
The man laughed while sprinkling more eggs on the onion.
"No matter how much you're okay, try being caught in a truck and a sightseeing bus, that's what you see as a raw egg."
"Be careful"
"I thought you were dead."
"when"
"Don't you remember?"
With a frightened face, he says. I carefully picked up the slices that hung down from my mouth with my fingers and put them back in my mouth.
He explained the location. This is the point where I passed around 11 o'clock. The curve was continuous. Certainly, there was a lot of traffic.
"It's a left-handed curve, blind, but you're chasing the truck."
"I won't do that."
"Well, eat onions. If you only have lunch or coffee, you will lean on your stomach. Your arms and legs will be dull."
I received the disposable chopsticks that offered me.
"I could see it well from behind. You were behind the truck. When I thought I was going to keep up with the truck, I went into the blinds of the curve, then tilted it to the right with Enyacola and broke the center line as it was. Then, I drove the truck. Immediately, from the other side of the curve, it was a sightseeing bus. Oh, I did it! I thought. In case of an accident, I've seen it many times. I had the same feeling as I had when I saw the accident. A sightseeing bus came out from the other side of the curve and disappeared behind the truck. I thought it was. "
He cut the word.
I picked up the onion slices.
"Eat more. You can order as much as you want."
I put the onion in my mouth. good. The stimulating taste is transmitted to the inside of the head.
"You don't remember that you were dying."
He saw my face.
When it comes to motorcycles, this man is far superior to me in terms of experience and skill. It can't be helped to tell a lie. I honestly answered.
"I don't remember"
"This idiot"
He said so, as if to vomit toward the face.
The onion slice was cheeked, and I had a mysterious shinmyo.
"I had no choice but to keep up with the guys who were going ahead. Where was the thin hammer that chased the blind curve and broke the center line?"
The lemon on the slice is sour.
"Think about your condition"
"Okay"
"Meme"
I raised my face. Yes, he misunderstood that he had been teased after responding politely.
"think"
I was drowning. I don't remember the blind curve he pointed out at all.
"I was crazy. The idiot is crazy."
He said.
That's right.
The only thing that separates the two lanes is the center line drawn in the center of the road. Moreover, on the curve, the cars in the inner lane are caught in the oncoming lane, so the width for passing through is even narrower.
I was safe only because I was lucky.
"Because it's funny if anyone dies. I'm one of them."
Catch the waitress in his uniform and he ordered a replacement for the onion slice.
"In the afternoon, die one flashy Hade and make everyone entertained."
I can't die.
But lately, I've been falling.
There is a Tokyo He Report building in Tatsumi, a reclaimed land next to Yumenoshima in Koto Ward.
In order to get the manuscript from the helicopter arriving here, I passed through Fukagawa Kiba << Fukawakiba >> at Kawasaki in the afternoon and ran on Mitsume-dori.
Cross the Shiohama Bridge and Shioeda Bridge in good condition, then make a mistake and turn left toward Akatsuki Bridge. I went. When you cross Akatsukibashi, you will see Shiomi, not Tatsumi.
Turned back toward the third street and climbed the slope to the three-way junction 《Sansaro》 in front of Shioeda Bridge.
The car body was tilted to the left on the curve that entered the three-way junction, and torque was applied to exit it, approaching the top of the climbing slope. It was also the top of the curve.
As soon as I passed the point of the curve, the road suddenly went downhill at an angle. Suddenly, it's a downhill with a step.
There was no other car, so I was speeding up. It wasn't impossible for the curve, but it was quite fast.
As soon as I passed through the top of the curve, because of the downhill that was bent, Kawasaki that I got on jumped with the car body banked to the left. Both the front and rear wheels were lifted off the road and into the air.
I was leaning to the left, including the car body. Kawasaki and I licked and flew in the air, oh! When I thought, it was too late.
While banking, landed with a weight of 215 kg.
The tank was sandwiched between both knees, and the grip was firmly held. However, with the tremendous impact of the landing, both feet came off the step easily, jumped over the Kawasaki lying on its side, and was thrown forward.
I made a full turn sideways in the air and was struck by the road surface from my left leg.
At the same time as the impact came to the hip bone, the left arm slammed! And hit the road surface. Numb to the shoulders with Jean.
While rotating around the waist, I rubbed my body against the road surface and slipped, bouncing the helmet three times with Gon, Gon, Gone, and stopped.
The left half of the body hurts terribly. The air in the lungs all came out when it was struck by the road surface. I want to breathe in the air, but it feels like it has fallen into the water.
One passenger car came up the climb.
I was about to catch my Kawasaki, I avoided it with a sudden steering wheel, honked the horn many times, and for some reason accelerated and ran away. From a low position, with my face on the road, I was curled up and still, without any pain.
When the truck came, Kawasaki was crushed.
While thinking so, I was lying down. Even if I get up, I can't have the freedom of both legs. Severe pain runs around the left half of the body.
Curiously, no car came after that.
Kawasaki is overturned over the road surface. Beyond that is the top of the climbing slope. The heavy gray sky of Tokyo covered with smog covers it. It was a fresh angle that I rarely experience.
I finally got up, dragged one leg 《Kataashi》 to Kawasaki, got up and brought it to the side of the road. Apparently, there seems to be no damage to Kawasaki.
I took off my helmet, put on my hips, held my head with both hands, and stayed still for a while.
Eventually, the pain subsided.
A dull pain 《Dontsu》 remained on the left side of the waist. However, it seemed that the bones had not been destroyed.
I straddled Kawasaki and headed for the heliport. The step on the left was a little bent.
Three days later, I fell again. It's more like a fall than a fall.
I went to the Kasumi-ga | Seki office to deliver the documents at night. There is a course where you go around government offices several times a day to deliver and receive manuscripts and articles.
At this time, it was the latest course at night.
The gate is already closed at the entrance that is open during the day. So, as always, I went to the back door. The flow of cars was running out around the government office district. The lights of the building were almost gone.
I crossed the sidewalk from the road and entered the back door. Around the back of the parking lot, there is a station with a guard, and before that, there is a document reception desk.
As soon as I entered the dark parking space, I remembered a heavy impact on my arms, which were held by the steering wheel, slightly below my shoulders. The impact came to both arms at the same time.
"Ah!"
Before I made a voice, my butt was raised from Kawasaki's sheet.
Both feet came off the step and the handle was torn off from the hand.
My body floated in the air with a heavy impact on both arms.
My Kawasaki with headlamps runs straight without me. The concrete-lined parking lot is illuminated by the ring of light from the lamp. Some are black and have puddles.
The time I was in the air seemed to be very long.
While watching Kawasaki running alone, I fell while still straddling the motorcycle.
Both feet hit the concrete, and the shock caused the body to lie down to the right. I hit my right hip and fell into a puddle from my right arm.
Kawasaki is still running.
The light of the head lamp shook to the left. The car body collapsed rapidly while drawing a curve toward the left. There was a heavy noise.
While getting wet from the upper body to the waist with the water in the puddle, I watched Kawasaki fall. Even at this time, it was a rare sight from an angle that was rarely seen.
When I got up, I looked it up. The cause of my shock to both arms and the emergence from Kawasaki was found.
A rope was stretched over the back door. Large concrete, heavy pedestal iron poles on either side of the back door, with thick linen ropes.
The rope should have appeared in the light of the headlamp, but I slammed it without noticing it.
I ran to the fallen Kawasaki.
After work, when I returned to my apartment and took off my clothes, there was a thick red-black bruise where I hit the ropes on both arms.
There is nothing wrong with it.
It was because of autumn that came too early.
On days when she didn't fall, she would use a Dutch boy for masturbation instead.
It was a day when it was better to call it a winter day rather than a chilly day.
The first course in the afternoon has five courses, from A course to E course.
Five transporters will go around the course assigned to each by motorcycle.
On that day, I was on the E course.
After most of the course, I went to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs empty-handed and received something like a sturdy brown document in a large envelope. It is tightly sealed. As usual.
Deliver this to the office in a room of a building in Yonbancho, Chiyoda-ku, and the E course will end. I know the procedure well because every course from A to E goes around many times.
The envelope received by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs was put in a saddle bag, and while riding the flow of other cars, I got the timing well and went out first and headed for Yonbancho.
A thin building in the middle of a gray slope, which was built with a mess. It is sandwiched between a newly built large, glass-filled building and an old but still large building.
Kawasaki was raised on the sidewalk, brought to the guardrail, and the envelope was taken out of the saddle bag.
I pushed the glass door and went inside. Go straight down the narrow corridor and you will see the stairs on your left. It's a five-story building, but it doesn't have an elevator. I went up the steep stairs. The building is always quiet.
Each landing has corridors on three sides. Facing the corridor, there are several rooms on every floor.
I go to the top, the 5th floor.
By the time I went up to the 5th floor, or until I went down from the 5th floor, I had never passed by a person on the stairs. I haven't even heard the footsteps.
On the wall of the narrow passage on the first floor, the names of the companies and offices occupying this building are pasted on a dark blue plastic plate in white plastic letters.
Even today, I didn't pass by anyone up to the 5th floor.
There is only one corridor on the 5th floor.
I always knock on the door at the end. By the time you reach the end, there are one door on the right and two on the left. There is always a light inside, but the company name is not mentioned.
In response to my knock,
"Please. COME IN"
There was a reply in both Japanese and English.
I opened the door and went inside while
"All Japan Express"
I said as usual.
There was Miss Asia behind some steel desks.
The company guys call her Miss Asia. That's exactly the image.
Height will be about 163 cm. It's not that expensive, but the proportions are good.
The calf was smooth, the knees were small, and the thighs were strongly stretched.
The waist is big. The protruding butt is rising high. The torso is beautifully constricted, and the bulge of the chest is shocking.
It's a beautiful woman. It's mixed race. The color of the skin, the shape of the eyes, the way the eyes are distributed, the facial expressions, etc. are really Miss Asia. I put a wave on my black hair and stretch it over my shoulder.
Although she was a beautiful woman, she had a tight face. Makeup that emphasizes its tightness. Whenever I see it, I don't smile. Send it to your big round eyes. The white part of the eyeball shines brightly. It is a self-formed eyeball.
"Oh, you"
She looked at me and said.
A glance at the electric clock on the wall,
"All Japan Express. All Ways on Time"
While saying in smooth English with his neck bent, he walked toward me.
Receive the envelope you presented and
"wait"
With my other hand, I lightly pressed my shoulder and smiled and laughed. It's a lot of sex appeal.
I walked to the other side of the long room, opened the door, and disappeared inside.
I came out immediately, closed the door behind me, and turned back to my place.
I stood in front of me and looked around my body.
"Today, the boss is out. I won't be back until five o'clock."
She said.
"Until then, I am alone"
Lightly, I nodded.
"here"
She leaned against me and pushed my back with one hand.
Along with her, I walked to the back of the office.
Although there are many steel desks and filing cabinets, there is always only her in this office. The boss is in the back room. He says he is away today. I have no idea what kind of company it is.
"here"
I stood on an empty wall with my back. Then, I pressed it slowly so that I could cover my body.
With both hands, stroke my body.
Today, I am a black leather coverall for motorcycles. Gently stroke my body in the coveralls here and there.
Miss Asia's breathing is getting rough.
Press the chest tightly and send it. The perfume scent slips through my nose. After that, her body odor remains.
This time, the lower abdomen is pressed. I'm pushing it and spinning it around. What is this going to be?
"What is it?"
My voice is shaking a little.
"be quiet"
Miss Asia gasps.
My body is pressed against my body exactly.
A change has begun to occur in my body from a while ago.
Her lower abdomen, like a living thing, sought out the incident, was not too strong and not too soft, and pushed it with an exquisite 《Zetsumyo》 touch.
"What is it?"
I said again.
"Nothing. Stay still."
She said in a command tone.
And then
"Oh--"
And, I took a breath from my lips, which were painted red.
It does not mean that he is holding me. I put my back and hips on the wall and let me stand, and I'm pushing my body against it. The bulge of the chest pushes my chest, and the lower abdomen continues to rotate independently.
She squeezes. Two well-shaped nostrils can be seen in front of me. The nose expands and closes with rough breathing. The teeth are white. The tip of the tongue comes out and licks the lips.
"Yose"
"I don't like it"
"Stop"
"Wait a little"
"People come"
"Until five o'clock, there is no one"
She put her hands on my shoulders.
The neck was bent, the lips were squeezed, the eyes were sensual, and my shoulders were gently pressed against the wall.
"Be a good boy. Do it right away."
It bends like a bow from the torso to the buttocks, and keeps moving the lower abdomen pressed against me, saying so.
With one hand, she untied the clothes she was wearing.
It is a gown-like outfit with a flower pattern and a thin, fluttering fabric that can be worn in the hot water. It's very easy to do. Put the left and right sides together in front, and leave the string around the torso as a butterfly.
When the bow was unwound, it split into left and right, revealing her body.
I'm not wearing anything. It's bare and naked.
The skin with the sunburn marks on the swimsuit was smooth with finely textured oil.
The bulge of the chest is white and swelling from just below the shoulders. The torso is constricted and the waist is tight. Release the lower abdomen pressed against me. The dark hair swirls up to the navel. Every time I put my strength on my hips, I get dimples on my buttocks.
She smiled with a lot of confidence, making a shin.
The bare body with the front open was pressed again against me wearing the leather coveralls. After turning her hips and gasping for a while, she lifted her body.
"Do this"
I made a fist with my right hand.
"What?"
"Genkotsu. Make it. Right hand."
As I was told, I held my right hand in my fist.
"OK. And do this"
She put her fist on the hair part.
"What's that?"
"This is my hobby.
I applied my fist to the crotch of the skin joint.
"good!"
She said so to moan with satisfaction, she opened her legs and put the bases of her legs firmly on my fist.
"Hmm"
While breathing in, I pressed my chest from my belly exactly.
"Fields Great! Good feeling"
A sticky and soft thing is touching the most prominent joint of my fist. And on the back of the hand, the sweet potato has a realistic feel to the hair.
She put her hands on my shoulders
"Hold your ass!"
I ordered it.
From the top of my clothes, I put my open hand over her hips.
"NO! Directly"
Directly. Good, I'll do it.
Her ass was a living thing.
I was pressed by my palm and moved.
Miss Asia has begun to work on her "hobby" in earnest.
I was pressed against the wall with tremendous force and was about to be crushed. Gasping, screaming in English, the creature she was holding in her relatives danced desperately against my fist, even making a small noise.
As the orgasm fluttered, I was crazy about it and ordered various things to me.
Wow! With a voice like that, all of her body stretched and gave me the full weight.
Because I had no choice but to hug him, he soon settled down, collapsed into a small chair, and sank to the desk.
This is the first time. I don't know how to speak.
It seems that he was lucky to wear a leather coverall. Also, the boss is away.
She puts her forehead on her upper arm thrown to the desk. The bulge of the chest is shaking.
"Yoo"
I said that it tasted great.
There is a lot of time before 5 o'clock.
"What do you do with me?"
Quietly, she raised her face.
Stand up, put the front of the clothes together, and tie the string. Put your hands around your nape, stroke your hair,
"cam"
I took my hand.
I walked to the office door and gently pushed me out while smiling at me with a lustrous smile.
"what is it"
Along with my voice, the door closed quickly and there was a locking sound.
"This bastard"
I kicked the door. In the quiet corridor, there is a bang and a sound.
Another kick. There is no reaction. Even if I knock, I don't say anything.
I stood up on the spot with a stunned 《Bozen》 and I realized. I'm losing. I was completely entertained by Miss Asia.
Peninsula pass road, two round-trip lanes. It's a zigzag to the right and to the left.
The sun is falling to the west. The clouds that have begun to flutter are a sad golden color in the sun.
The wind stopped in the faint afterglow that made me sad.
Along with the fragrant scent of dusk, the smell of exhaust gas scattered all day long was still. The distant plateau began to fade white in the evening haze.
Honda's yellow CB400fore * [# Roman numeral 2, 1-13-22] goes in front of me running on Kawasaki. Before that, Yamaha's GX750.
Yamaha GX750 is the top. So I'm the third.
To the right and left, grab the rhythm of the curve and bank it, get out of the way, grab the in, and go through the curve.
Approaching a tight curve. It's counterclockwise.
The two large displacement exhausts that went ahead overlapped, making a sharne-like sound and fluttering behind.
The top Yamaha GX750 knocked down the car body in a dynamic manner. Rub the side stand against the road surface. From the silvery exhaust pipe to the rear wheels, bright red sparks were scattered in the light gray air at dusk, finely and vividly. Beautiful.
Yamaha GX750 shows the brain of the helmet while being greatly bent, and disappears beyond the curve.
Honda's CB400 Fore * [# Roman numeral 2, 1-13-22] follows.
Fold down the car body in exactly the same way. At the same point in the curve, scrape the road surface with a stand. Sparks in the evening haze. It seems that a red flower bloomed for a moment in front of the black rear wheel. It disappears and sparks again. The peaks on both shoulders and the top of the helmet are shown to me behind, and the Honda CB400 Fore * [# Roman numeral 2, 1-13-22] also jumps over the curve, feeling parallel to the road surface. I will go.
It's my turn. Apply torque and drop the left shoulder as much as you want. Lay Kawasaki on both legs and hips. I'll cut the road surface.
A heavy impact is transmitted. The stand is touching the road surface. It's a spark. Is the sparks scattered neatly underneath, just like the two cars ahead?
While fully tilting the car body and going through the curve while scraping the stand, I turned my face to the lower left. As soon as I raised my right shoulder and lowered my head to the left, looking into the underside, I lost my balance and turned over.
Along with the weight of the car body, I was hit on the left shoulder. It's a momentary event. there is nothing to do. The acceleration that was following also becomes the weight of the car body, and I force myself to drag it to the ground.
The left handle grip collapsed so that it would hit the road surface. The whole body suddenly bounced up and threw me up to a few meters ago.
It fell into the grass from both shoulders, rolled, hit the left elbow against a rock, and the right leg 《Migiashi》 twisted under the body.
The sound of Kawasaki falling can be heard from a ridiculous direction. I can't hear any other sounds.
The ribs and flanks were struck with rocks, and breathing was blocked. As I roll, tears spurt out of my eyes.
I stopped on my back, bent my body in a bow, clenched my teeth, and moaned without a voice.
The monocular goggle was removed from the chin, the helmet's chin strap was removed, and the helmet was taken off. I laid my body on my side and pressed my face against the grass. The scent of grass spreads throughout your face.
It hurts. Tears dripping from the cheeks into the grass.
After a while, I finally started to moan aloud. When I opened my eyes, I saw Jizo, who was settled in a small wooden palm, right in front of me. Jizo gently puts his hands together, without being obsessed with the withered flowers and the faded red bib-like cloth. It is a memorial service for fatal accidents.
In the pain, I remembered summer.
It was a bad thing that autumn suddenly came.
Miyoko Shiraishi of Nishinomiya 《Nishimiya》, who is not accustomed to the fall that came too early and is supporting me who is stumbling with Kawasaki, calls each other about every other day.
On the phone last night, Miyo said:
"I'm going over there"
[# 7 indentation] [# middle heading] 12 [# "12" is tate-chu-yoko] [# middle heading end]
A day near the end of September. 7:00 pm. It's a delicate eye at dusk and night.
It's already dark. It's autumn. Completely autumn. But it's okay. It doesn't matter if it's autumn or winter.
Nishi-Shinjuku, Tokyo. There are many skyscrapers. One of them, the road in front of the Mitsui Building. It crosses the road connecting the Koshu Highway and the Ome Highway in a T-shape, and extends to the underground concourse at the west exit of Shinjuku Station. Three lanes on each side. A mercury lamp illuminates the road.
On that road, on the far right of the lane toward Shinjuku station, with a right foot on the median strip with a plant, I was straddling Kawasaki. Keep the left turn signal on.
One after another, many taxis and passenger cars run through my left side toward Shinjuku station with a tire sound. There are also those who are grazing. For a moment, I feel the wind pressure on the left side of my body from behind the lick.
The helmet is hung on the right mirror and the leather grab is held in the right hand. Black leather motorcycle jumper, 14 [# "14" is tate-chu-yoko] ounce denim bush pants. The boots are the usual harness boots.
Facing the approaching car, a large sign with the words "Turn on in the tunnel" stands in the median strip. I'm halfway between the sign and the entrance to the tunnel.
The promised time is 7:15.
Some time ago, I came here. Today, the work after 6 o'clock was finished at just 6 o'clock. Ever since I came here, I've been waiting with my right foot on. The skyscrapers have a number of windows, which are irregularly yellow and shining.
There are many people. People who come to the building, people who go to the station. The way such a large number of people walked in the night that had just begun was tedious.
I read the letters that I could see many times. At the high-rise hotel on the right side of the lane, the English letters of SEIKO are white on a blue background. In addition, there is a sign "Observation room entrance" in the planting.
On the overpass of the liner, you can read "New city center lower road" and "Keshita 4.2m". Beside the stairs to the Mitsui Building, there are "55 [#" 55 "is vertical, medium and horizontal] open space," "shopping street," and "housing center." In the leftmost lane, there is a large white letter, "Taxi platform". There is a sign at the end of the sidewalk, and the sign also says "Taxi platform". A taxi continued to enter the platform. The roof signs are "International", "Imperial Capital", "Yamato", "Individual", and "New Japan". Another "New Japan" runs toward the station.
The new city center lower road draws a gentle curve and extends to the station. A number of cream-colored concrete pillars are sewn together and are exposed to the light of a fluorescent lamp. A number of red tail lamps on the car continue.
I saw the wristwatch on my left wrist. 7:12. Even with exhaust gas, the air on autumn nights is strangely light and refreshing.
While watching the car coming from behind with the mirror on the left, I vaguely looked at the buildings and people.
Which side will she come from? My gaze, moving with that in mind, caught a woman coming down the stairs in the square in front of the building. From among many young women, I caught it instantly. It's magic. I'm not demonstrating magic, it's magic.
My chest was throbbing. I want to shout her name. However, suppress, suppress.
Going down the stairs, she looks to the left and right as if looking for someone around her. Beige culottes skirt and brown boots. I put something like a jacket on a white blouse. Such clothes are in harmony with the air tonight. It's a skirt that you can't tell if it's a culottes unless you spread your legs wide. I'll try Miyo like this for the first time tonight.
 not bad. Far from being bad, it's very fashionable. it's fantastic. A beautiful woman in the eyes of anyone.
She leaned lightly against the small wall of the red brick, and suddenly she turned around. I should be in my sight. But I don't notice.
She tries to look towards the station.
I rang the Kawasaki horn.
I don't notice. once again. No. Two, three, four times in a row. People on the road look at me. The fifth horn. Miyo looked back and looked at me.
I waved my hand.
Miyo, who was able to break off the wall with a clean movement, came to the end of the sidewalk with a light sprint.
The neck was slightly bent to the left, and Miyo looked at me with a glare. I'm saying something. I can't hear it because it's drowned out by a taxi running through.
Catch the break in the car, she got off the road and ran to me.
"How are you? Somehow, there are a lot of people."
"I'm fine"
"Kawasaki too?"
"Good condition"
Miyo touched the handle.
A vulgar American car with a spoiler on its hips makes a roaring sound and flies away. Miyo's culottes flutter in the wind pressure, but she's okay.
"Get on"
I fell behind the seat. I made a space in the front and straddled Miyo.
I hugged Miyo from behind with my left arm and grabbed the grip with my right hand. I feel good. The feel and scent of her hair can be felt on my face.
"I don't feel like it's been a while."
She said, turning her face to the back.
"How long will you be in Tokyo?"
"Forever"
"Forever?"
"so"
"What is your company?"
"I talked to you"
"Did you quit?"
She shook her head.
Hair gently touches my lips and nose.
"I won't quit. If I quit, I'll lose. I talked to him so that he could work in Tokyo. From today, Tokyo."
Twist your face towards me. Looking into her face from the side, Miyo and her lips were put together.
Peel off your lips. The scent is slightly sweet.
Her breasts are up and down greatly. Breathing is deep and fast. On my left arm, it is clearly felt, along with the bulge of my chest. It's a very nice feeling.
"But there is no place to go."
"What did you say?"
When I changed my mind, suddenly,
"Motorcycle there! What are you doing!"
And, from behind the left lick, a high-pitched voice was cast on us through the speaker. It's a police car.
"What are you doing!"
I looked to the left.
People stop. Some people come to the edge of the sidewalk and look at us mysteriously.
The policeman in the driver's seat is showing his face through the window.
"Go to the far left!"
The policeman said to the microphone in his left hand, along with the gesture in his right hand that went out of the window.
The police car moved forward a little to intimidate.
"Stop at the sidewalk"
I said.
"Ride as it is. I will start the engine, so hold on to the steering wheel and put your feet on the steps."
I put my left foot on the foot rest, raised my hips and carefully adjusted the kick gear, I put my weight on it and stepped on.
The engine started. I played with Bhagagan in a ferocious sky. Tension ran through Miyo's body.
"OK"
I stepped on the shift pedal and put it in low gear. I put Miyo's left foot on my left foot. Looking back, I watched the flow of cars, and I ran Kawasaki and stopped at the sidewalk. A police car came from behind and stopped alongside me on the right side.
A police officer in the passenger seat looked at me and Miyo many times.
The policeman did not come down. It seems that only the explanation from the police car is enough. A semi-circular human fence was created on the sidewalk.
The police car went in after a brief explanation. The human fence is scattered.
"Isn't there a place to go?"
"Is that so"
"Then, I don't have any luggage."
"I brought a little"
"where"
"Coin Locker"
Miyo pointed to Shinjuku station.
"Ginger isn't it"
"Not good"
"It's okay"
"Stay"
"Maybe it's dangerous"
"What?"
"this"
I shook my left arm holding Miyo from behind.
She twists herself on the sheet and laughs.
"But it's ginger."
"It's ok"
"Is the company good today?"
"Okay. What about Koo?"
"I'm done at 6 o'clock. I'll give you the key, Miyo, you, go back to your apartment earlier."
"Put it on"
"No, it looks like that. I'll draw a map. Remember the way."
I took out a memo pad and a sign pen from the saddle bag and wrote the directions to the second Yutakaso. I tore it and handed it to Miyo.
"I wonder if I'll arrive earlier. Anyway, let's talk later."
"Are you hungry?"
"Let's eat together later"
The engine remains idling.
"Hold on the steering wheel. Put your feet on my feet. I'll send you to the station."
I showed the front of the new city center lower road.
"Is the police car still there?"
Kawasaki started running with Miyo on board. Immediately enter the underpass. On the low ceiling, a number of uncolored concrete square beams run, and large columns are connected on both sides at narrow intervals.
The accelerator was opened with the low gear.
Explosion and popping exhaust noise spreads in the concrete underpass and echoes vertically and horizontally. A walking person sees us.
With the low gear, the exhaust noise was even more terrible, and I ran to the underground concourse at the west exit of the station.
I passed through the outside of the taxi waiting for customers, drew a semicircular curve over the fountain, and went around to the lane leaving the station.
"Let's go around. Just a little bit."
Raised the gear, ran straight through, and exited the underpass. I went straight and made a U-turn just after passing through two overpasses. There is a break in the median strip before going out on the T-shaped crossing road. There are many cars coming in by turning right at the T-junction.
It entered the break of the median strip and stopped,
"Look at the car coming from behind."
I told Miyo.
"If the flow is cut off, say OK."
Miyo twists her upper body to the left and turns around.
Her hair touches my face with her chest on her back.
"OK"
At the same time as Miyo's words, I engaged the clutch. Feeling like a time trial of Zeroyon, I blew Kawasaki to the underground concourse. The roar is a substitute for a congratulatory gun.
I came back to the apartment earlier.
My friend Keiichi Ogawa was here. I went up and lay down on the tatami mat and listened to FM. Chopin's practice song "Aeolian Harp".
Looking at me as I entered the room, Ogawa got up and shook his head as if to shake off his drowsiness.
"Well, you had the key to match."
By the way, Ogawa used to come to play with motorcycles. I handed over the key so that I could get up and wait even if I wasn't in the room. At that time, Ogawa was riding a Yamaha RD250. Last year, I changed to Honda's CB400 Fore * [# Roman numeral 2, 1-13-22].
"It's been a while since I came to this room, but nothing has changed."
"The change is inside me."
"What do you say?"
Ogawa overlooked the inside of the room.
"I think it's not good to listen to records."
I pointed to several LPs.
"Why only the lettermen"
"There were many things, but people brought them."
"Is this what's left?"
"Yup"
"It's just right for you, because you're a useless romanticist."
"It's a pragmatic group."
"Say stupid. If you're a pragmatist, you wouldn't use a Kawasaki W3 to transport your manuscript. It's hard to use, though."
"Well, it's a lot different than the quarter."
"Will the company pay for gasoline?"
"Own"
"Cha!"
"Everything is my own. Tires and oil. Bean balls. Accidents are true. There are no bonuses."
"After all, I'm a romanticist."
This stream is a man with a little strangeness.
Always blue jeans and a dungaree cowboy shirt. During the summer, I rolled up my cuffs and sweated on my chest and back, but now I wear a white T-shirt underneath and stop snapping my sleeves.
Shortly after I got the current Kawasaki, I met him at school. I knew his face by then, but he never spoke.
When I went to school by Kawasaki, I walked up at the parking lot and stared at W3,
"It looks a lot like Meguro's K1."
I said, like everybody.
W3 is a direct line of Meguro. Naturally, they are similar, and everyone knows that.
"But it's better not to use disc brakes. It feels completely different. You don't need double discs. You can use big drums. Engine brakes work too."
Alone, Ogawa talked. Again, it was blue jeans and a dungaree shirt. Shoes "shoes" are pecos boots with a lining. Even now, the same shoes are taken off at the entrance of the room.
Since then, I have somehow become friends with Ogawa. The only motorcycle crazy I found at school.
Last summer, I carried Fuyumi Sawada and Ogawa took my girlfriend to Asama.
Ogawa shook his chin in the two pictures that were pinned to the pillar.
"That would be Asama."
And, add one Marboro as if hanging from the edge of the lips. She has a baby face and hair cut like this for a woman, but her body is strong. He speaks very coolly. You must be conscious.
"Don't worry, you. I'm not the woman of last year, I saw it."
Light a cigarette and send Marboro with a match in a box. I sat down on the bed and smoked.
The practice song is over. The record changes and Chopin's song continues.
"What happened to the woman last year?"
"I went to my bride"
"Then you were touched."
"No way"
"That was cute, but a normal woman. A normal, decent woman should pretend to be you."
"Did you come to preach today?"
"Friendship exchange"
The two of us laughed a lot.
"Actually, it's not without a story."
"what"
"I'm composing for graduation now"
"Hey"
"And you?"
"I have failed for another year."
"I like it. I'm not kidding. I'm really composing. It's about 30 minutes and it's divided into about seven. The title of all is" Sunday Driver ". Marunouchi The theme is the feeling of a man who works for a company and runs with his lover up to Fujiyoshida by car only on Sundays. "
"Hmm"
"I'm renting a Celica GT from Mari Nakahara and trying to run a lot. I'm trying to make the guy feel like it. There's a glimpse of the bright spots, and the others are pessimistic and blue. While I was running in Celica, I wanted to incorporate the motorcycle into the song. "
"So that's it"
"While running on a ridiculous four-wheeled vehicle on Sunday, a man sees a motorcycle many times. It's always the same motorcycle. Gradually, he longs for that motorcycle. And finally, he loses his lover. I'll drop my savings and buy a motorcycle. It's over when I rush on that motorcycle. "
"It's a good idea to make a waltz when you withdraw your savings."
"All is jazz."
"Cool swinging bop-like"
"That's it. I'm thinking of making the guitar part a motorcycle. It's not a staccato, it's a horn. "
"It's carefree, you too"
In FM, Chopin continues.
"The basic beat is four-quarters, but it swings simply with a flexible rhythm and has a complicated structure."
"That's a motorcycle"
"It's okay"
Happily, Ogawa is smiling.
"There is a statement by the riff at all, and the clarinet takes a solo. It is a riff as a material for the solo that develops the melody line, but the clarinet solo does not work well. But the guitar solo is amazing. "
"Is the clarinet a Sunday driver?"
"so"
"Schematic"
"Do you think so?"
"I think. In 20 years, you will start composing school songs for elementary schools in housing complexes nationwide."
Also, we laughed.
"I have a request for it."
"what"
"It's not a big deal"
"On the second Marboro, Ogawa set fire. While exhaling smoke,
"Are you hungry?"
"Hell"
"Let's go eat"
"Wait please"
"What"
"I understand now"
"Chie"
"What is the request?"
"Speak later"
The season was getting better, so we talked about going out for touring for the first time in a long time, and when we were talking about various things, we heard a knock on the door.
Standing up, I opened the door. It was Miyo. I was standing outside the door with a small red suitcase.
Take off your boots and go up to the room
"I knew it right away. I couldn't make a mistake."
I looked at the room.
I introduced Miyo to Ogawa. Ogawa looked at me with a sullen face.
"Oh, I'm hungry"
Miyo said that, got a cigarette from the stream, set it on fire, and walked to the front of the photo on the pillar.
"Somehow, this looks like a long time ago."
I showed the photo with my fingers sandwiching the cigarette.
"It's the year, for each other"
"I wonder if that is the case, after all."
"It has become twenty-four."
"when?"
"today"
"Congrats"
"Really, are you today's birthday?"
A stream sitting on a tatami mat came to me.
"really"
"Then, tonight is a celebration."
Miyo wants to change her clothes.
I and Ogawa left the room. I went down the stairs and waited in front of the parking lot.
"What is that woman?"
"Friends"
"I and you are friends."
"I can't compare it"
Miyo came down in the old blue jeans. A cotton flannel shirt with a thin pile vest. I'm wearing my sneakers with my heels crushed.
I walked to the shopping street extending from the station front. I went into the pizza parlor and ate pizza. I took an oversized anchovy pizza and ate it with three people. After drinking coffee, Miyo also ate a large serving of salad.
I'm hungry,
"Well, what should I do?"
Said Ogawa.
I remembered a store called "Michikusa", a singing snack. Towards the station, the three of us climbed a gentle slope.
There is a girl who comes down with a skateboard slalom in the street in front of the station at night. A cheerful girl who was burnt in the sun. She grabbed my shoulder with both hands as she tried to slip by me. I turned the skateboard around and it stopped well.
Looking down at me
"You don't come to the store at all!"
She said.
It's Nami. A woman who sang her own song in "Michikusa" by playing the guitar. I didn't know because my hair was different and it was even more sunburned than it was then.
"Where to go"
"I'm singing today. I'm a new song again. I'll fix it."
Nami gave me a skateboard.
"Go ahead. I'll be there in about an hour."
At a cake shop on the way, Ogawa bought a big and old-fashioned decoration cake. Ogawa was motivated, even though I said yes. Twenty-four small candles are counted by the clerk.
"Even if there is nothing"
Ogawa was laughing with the cake in the box.
Because it was an early time, "Michikusa" was empty. I sat in the back seat and drank a moderately cold white wine.
The story of motorcycles bounced, two bottles of wine soon disappeared, and when the third bottle was drunk, Nami appeared. He had a guitar and wore different clothes. A long sweater that is roughly knitted with thick yarn. The hem served as a mini skirt as it was, and the legs wrapped in stockings that matched the colors were noticeable.
Nami brought a champagne and pulled it out, saying that it was a treat for the store.
Ogawa put up 24 candles on the cake and set it on fire.
When I tried to blow it out, Ogawa said to wait a moment. He said he would sing a birthday song that has been passed down in Spain for a long time, and he sang it well with a sense of humor in Spanish.
In a blink of an eye, three or four bottles of wine were gone, and Ogawa changed to vodka just because it was troublesome. Both Nami and Miyo drank vodka. Both are strong. For some reason, the store had few customers today, and the atmosphere was like our charter.
First of all, Ogawa knew that Nami was singing and Miyo was just twenty-four, and he continued to sing a number of songs. Miyo also sang. I can manage to go while playing the electone.
Around the time when vodka turned around considerably, the number of customers began to increase. The official performer, Nozawa | Keiko, a woman named Keiko, came to the Michikusa band.
With a violin, accordion, live guitar, and wood-based four-piece band in the background, Keiko Nozawa sang a retrospective, sad song. I was received by the customer.
We still changed the riverbank to the mouth of the evening.
I spent about two hours with a small snack that Nami knew, and then took vodka and knobs and pulled them up to my apartment.
Nami and Miyo continue to open vodka without getting too drunk. Ogawa adjusts to it.
This is the third time I have met Miyo. Every time I meet, my impression is different. In other words, the range of impressions I give is expanding every time I meet.
At 12 o'clock in the middle of the night, I changed into a leather coverall, carried a helmet, and left the room.
Tomorrow Sunday, I will be working from 8 o'clock in the morning. The unpleasant Sunday commute of my seniors came to me in turn. If I stay in the room like this, I don't know what time I can sleep. If you go to a bed like a silk moth shelf in the company's nap room, you can sleep for seven hours.
A stream sent me to the bottom of the stairs.
"That is, all the rest is left to me."
"Leave it to me"
"I feel friendship, because I can get the smallest unit of orgy without any effort."
"Youth, youth"
Soon, Ogawa was getting drunk. Tonight's stream is unprecedentedly cheerful and the pace of opening vodka is fast.
I haven't drank at all after wine.
While running in the middle of the night with Kawasaki, I felt very satisfied. Today was a good day.
[# 7 indentation] [# middle heading] 13 [# "13" is tate-chu-yoko] [# middle heading end]
Two days later, Keiichi Ogawa called me. I want you to hear the other day's request. Ogawa said that on the day when work was finished at 6 o'clock, he would just come by motorcycle.
It's 6 o'clock today after a day. Setagaya, a Futago Bridge over the Tama River, met at my drive-in.
Ogawa was waiting while drinking coffee at the window seat. There was his CB400 Fore * [# Roman numeral 2, 1-13-22] in the parking lot. Ogawa wears foreign-made, money-hungry coveralls and boots. His parents' home in Tokyo, according to other friends, is rich.
Ogawa couldn't answer laughing, no matter what the request was.
"It's okay if you ride a motorcycle behind me for about two hours."
I looked out from the window and drank coffee.
Cars are constantly running on the darkened Oyama and Atsugi highways.
"You said it had something to do with composition."
"Yes, it's relevant."
Along with coffee, I had a light meal.
"It's about time to go"
Eventually, Ogawa said.
He left the parking lot with Honda earlier. The exhaust noise is very quiet. At Kawasaki, I followed.
Go on the highway for a while. Ring No. 8 runs from the left and right at the point where the road splits into two. Ogawa took the road on the left again. Follow the road, go through Highway No. 3, and then again. The stream goes to the left. It's Tsurumaki-dori.
At a small intersection, Ogawa's CB400 put out a flasher on the left. I moved to the left and stopped. Immediately behind that, I stopped Kawasaki.
Ogawa got off the motorcycle and walked up to me and said in a low voice.
"Aim at the four wheels. When the flow of cars is slow, aim at one of the four wheels, grab the right side and overtake, and hit the fender mirror on the right side of the four wheels. 》 Fold it down ”
"How"
"I brought a huge monkey wrench."
Ogawa finally laughs.
"If you smash it, you'll fly it, so stick to the back and run. It's a problem if you can remember the number."
"Why do you do that?"
"While I was composing the example, I wanted to try it. Fender Miller breaks quickly when I hit it with a monkey."
Happily, Ogawa is laughing.
"Did you understand?"
"all right"
"Don't step on the mirror that broke and flew to the road. You will fly."
Ogawa returned to his motorcycle.
I took out the monkey wrench from the saddle bag and put it in the boots from the handle.
Watching the flow of cars across the CB400. At this time of the night, the flow of cars may suddenly stop.
A passenger car is running on the road where the car is interrupted from the side where we came.
Ogawa signaled me.
A dark green corona mark * [# Roman numeral 2, 1-13-22] runs away from our side.
A stream popped out afterwards. At the same time, I also came out.
Ogawa opens the accelerator of CB400 and follows Mark * [# Roman numeral 2, 1-13-22]. The CB400 runs quietly and slippery. My Kawasaki is enough dry exhaust noise to my ears for two cars.
Mark * A stream is attached behind [# Roman numeral 2, 1-13-22]. Raise your left hand and signal me to squeeze more.
It was at the same time that I accelerated and the CB of the stream fell to the right and went out to the side of the mark * [# Roman numeral 2, 1-13-22]. A monkey wrench was visible on the left side of the stream that was released from the steering wheel.
Mark * Ogawa pulled the fender mirror as if accelerating to the right side of [# Roman numeral 2, 1-13-22], overtaking, and scooping up from below. The broken mirror shone brightly and flew to the left front of the mark * [# Roman numeral 2, 1-13-22].
The wrench was dropped in the boots, and Ogawa accelerated. It's a fierce shift and accelerator work, but the sound is quiet.
Mark * [# Roman numeral 2, 1-13-22] honks continuously. The red stop lamp lights up. The speed drops sharply.
I appeared in front of the mark * [# Roman numeral 2, 1-13-22]. Mark * From the driver of [# Roman numeral 2, 1-13-22], Ogawa should not be able to see because I was in a stumbling block. At that acceleration, even without me, I wouldn't have had the time to read and remember the CB400 license plate. As I opened the accelerator a little and ran a little, I looked back.
Mark * [# Roman numeral 2, 1-13-22] stopped to the left, and the driver went out and saw the broken mark of the mirror.
Accelerated, I followed the stream.
Ogawa passed through the intersection in front of him, aiming for blue at the right time.
I was stopped at the traffic light just before the intersection where Ogawa turned right.
After changing to blue, slowly exited the intersection and turned right, the stream stopped immediately. It's as if nothing happened. I think I put it in a saddle bag.
"Roughly like that"
Ogawa said to me, looking back.
I laughed.
"The mirror broke sharply."
"Yes"
"I stopped the car and saw the broken marks."
"The blue sky"
"You must have been surprised."
"I will never forget"
CB400 started running. I went back to Tsurumaki-dori, skipped it, and went to Komadome. There, I entered Kannana-Dori Avenue and went out to the outskirts of Nozawa earlier than the flow of cars at night.
Turn right onto a straight straight road. If you keep going like this, you will pass through the southern end of Komazawa Park.
Came near the park, the stream CB400 stopped with a flasher.
"Let's go one more shot"
With that said, Ogawa looked far away over my shoulder.
"I wonder if the previous mark * [# Roman numeral 2, 1-13-22] was delivered to the police."
"here we go"
"Let's do it near here. When you're done, enter Ring 8 and flee north. Let's meet in your apartment."
I nodded.
The area around the park was lightly washed away.
I stuck to a stream on the left side of the road and ran for a while.
A passenger car is coming from behind.
The flow of cars is slow now. Besides, even if you run straight, there are quite a few until the next intersection.
One passenger car overtook us. It's a blackish Gloria 4-door.
Ogawa raises his left hand to signal. At the same time, it accelerated so that it would suddenly start to slide. The exhaust noise is small, so it's creepy to watch.
Chasing after Gloria without difficulty, once behind him, he instantly checked the front through the rear and front windows of Gloria, and as before, Ogawa fluttered to the right.
While running alongside Gloria, bend over and pull out the wrench from the boots to accelerate at once.
Aiming, Ogawa paid the monkey wrench from the left to the side. This time, Gloria's fender mirror broke easily.
Like a small black bird, the mirror flew diagonally into the oncoming lane.
Before the mirror fell on the road surface, I overtook Gloria and was in front of me. The CB400 is far ahead.
Gloria's horn was ringing in the back.
The sound of the horn is drowned out by the exhaust sound of Kawasaki who opened the accelerator. See See There is a distance between you and Gloria.
From Komazawa Koen-dori, I went to Kaminoge-dori.
As soon as you blow it straight and cross the Denen-toshi line at Kaminoge, it will be Ring No. 8.
It was separated from Ogawa's CB400. I got on the flow of cars on the loop line and headed north without overdoing it.
When I got back to my apartment, CB400 was parked on the road beside the stairs. The engine is still hot.
When Kawasaki was in the parking lot, a stream came down the stairs.
"How was it? Was it interesting?"
"I'm going to be addicted"
Came out on the road, Ogawa looked left and right many times.
"One more person will come back."
Say like each person.
"Slow"
"What did you say?"
"I just said I'm coming back."
Before Ogawa could say it, I saw a headlamp in the darkness over there.
It's a motorcycle. Judging from the exhaust noise, it is a 250-class middleweight runner. It makes a good sound.
The speed slows down as it gets closer.
"I'm back. I'm the Yamaha I used to ride."
Ogawa said.
The Yamaha RD250, which came in front of us at an ultra-low speed, stopped. The rider got off lithely and turned off the engine. Then I hung the center stand.
Take off your helmet, shake your head, brush your long hair with one hand,
"The gear feels like it's pushing in. I made four shift mistakes."
Miyo said to Ogawa, laughing comfortably.
"Miyo!"
Involuntarily, I was in a hurry.
Miyo turned to me.
"250 is enough"
"Miyo, you--"
A stream broke in between me and Miyo, who came out one step earlier. I'm grinning.
"I replaced the tire with a good one. That alone should be a lot better."
"Where were you going!"
I can't do anything about the harsh tone.
"Was funny"
Miyo is laughing with a beautiful face.
"What"
"Mirror fold"
"What did you say?"
"I've been behind you all the time."
"you?"
"Yes, I've run in Tokyo for the first time. I'm scared, after all."
"Idiot, let's do it!"
I yelled at him.
It's been a while since I yelled. I suddenly thought it was the first time since the fight with Fuyumi. At that time, I yelled at night in almost the same place in front of this apartment.
"Stupid guy!"
I yelled again. When I yell for the first time in a long time, I feel like I'm a fool.
"Yoseyo"
Ogawa spread his arms toward me.
"Ogawa, you. What's wrong, do it."
I was stripped of a stream.
"You're cute when you get angry."
Ogawa said so with a cool smile.
"Such a line should be said to a woman who is tired of it."
"Let's do that"
When this happens, a man named Ogawa is no longer elusive.
I grabbed Miyo's arm and pulled it by force. However, Miyo gently embraces my shoulder.
"sorry"
Say to my nape.
I grabbed her both shoulders.
"You said you only have a small license?"
Miyo shut up with a bad face.
"But why do you ride 250? And it's your first time in Tokyo."
Miyo was down and still.
"Don't you know that it's dangerous?"
Therefore, I cut the word. I didn't know how to continue.
There was silence for a while.
Ogawa pokes my back lightly.
"Say the continuation quickly"
"shut up"
"Before I met you at that restaurant, I confirmed my skill. It's very good. If I think it's dangerous, I won't let you do it. The helmet is mine."
"It's none of your business"
I was stripped of a stream.
"When did you plan?"
"I'm not following you"
The stream responded easily.
"Please do it. I'm vulnerable to fights. That night, after you went to work in Kawasaki, I planned. It's okay because it was safe."
"not good"
Ogawa was smiling at me.
Silence came again.
Somehow, it's awkward.
Ogawa saved me.
"Don't yell like a youth drama on TV, let's go to'Michikusa'. It's a celebration. Everyone, that day's vodka is bad."
We put the RD250 next to Kawasaki and we started walking.
"Michikusa" was a great success, almost full.
There were only two seats available at the end of the counter.
With me and Miyo sitting there, Ogawa walked to Electone with a small glass of vodka. Eventually, I started playing. For some reason, I played the standard of jazz ballads sweetly and loosely.
Miyo lifts a glass of vodka and
"Cheers"
Say.
I had no choice but to toast.
After taking a sip, Miyo put down a glass.
I pulled out something like a leather business card holder from the chest pocket of a worn-out denim short jacket.
I pulled out something like a card, silently took my hand and let me hold it.
"what"
"look"
And Miyo whispered.
It was a driver's license. In a small photo, Miyo smiles a little.
Moped license. Small motorcycle license. And a medium-sized motorcycle license. I was able to do all three.
If you have a medium-sized license, you can ride a motorcycle up to 400CC.
What do you mean?
The date of issuance of her medium-sized motorcycle license was last month.
I saw Miyo. Look straight at me,
"I took it in Nishinomiya"
She said.
"I'm glad I went to the driving school.
I couldn't say anything. There was no voice. Hot things are stuck in the back of my throat. Something very hot.
Taking Miyo's hand, I stood up. I said with my eyes that I wanted you to come with me. Smoothly, Miyo stood up.
"Oh, are you going home?"
The aunt who was always at the counter said so.
Turning around, I just smiled at my aunt.
I left "Michikusa" and walked to the opposite side of the station. Hold hands with Miyo and shut up.
After a while, there was an entrance to the alley. In the back of the alley, there was a light on the signboard of the coffee shop.
I took Miyo and entered the alley.
I still can't speak anything. So I hugged Miyo. She also holds me in her arms.
"In Shinshu--"
She says.
Our forehead touched each other. From a close distance, she was looking into my eyes.
"When I saw Koo straddling Kawasaki in Shinshu, I was very envious. I was jealous of Kawasaki. I wanted to ride it myself, and I wanted to be liked like that Kawasaki."
The hot mass in the back of my throat is getting bigger and bigger. It seems that it will gradually rise up. I was trying hard to hold it down.
Therefore, I hugged Miyo tightly and stayed still.
Miyo searched for my lips. My lips are bulky. When I calmly thought that this was the second time, the hot thing in the back of my throat subsided a little.
"I'm sorry a while ago"
Finally, I said that much.
In my arms, Miyo shook his head.
"I went to a driving school right after I returned from Shinshu. The training car was a Honda 350. I took some time in the negotiations to transfer to Tokyo, but in a month I got a medium-sized driver's license. I took it. "
Two men who seemed to be college students who came out of the coffee shop went out to the front street while staring at us.
"As Koo wrote in the letter, it seems that only motorcycles are not boring."
My lips covered Miyo's lips, which I said.
For a long time, we were hugging there.
A group of customers with women walked to the coffee shop. As I passed by our side, I heard a woman with me giggle.
Eventually, we returned to "Michikusa". Nami was singing with Ogawa's guitar accompaniment.
Looking at us coming in, Nami gave a signal.
I returned to the seat at the end of the counter and listened to Nami's song.
When the stage was over, Ogawa came to us. Putting one hand on Miyo's shoulder and looking at my face, Ogawa said:
"It's good to go touring. Together. It's a great season now."
Ogawa put into words what I was thinking at that time, as if I had read it in my chest.
[# 7 indentation] [# middle heading] 14 [# "14" is tate-chu-yoko] [# middle heading end]
The exhaust noise of two motorcycles echoes in the mountains of autumn leaves.
The gentle curve is an uphill that continues at appropriate intervals. There are many small mountains. It is a two-lane round-trip road carved in the mountains. It's a weekday, so I don't have many cars.
Autumn leaves and dark green are in perfect harmony on every mountain. In the clear air, the cold air emitted by the autumn mountains seems to be visible.
The mountains are beginning to settle. The evening flutters between the mountains in the distance. A small valley looks whitish and hazy. The taste of air is different from the daytime.
Clouds cover the sky. In some places, there are breaks, and the pale blue sky, which is a remnant of a clear autumn day, is gently peeping.
Under the setting sun, the west side of the clouds was dyed pink.
Yamaha RD250 with Miyo goes ahead. As Ogawa said, RD, which replaced tires with good ones, is the best. The handle has been changed to a lower one.
Miyo, who runs earlier, is about to hit the big curve of R. My arms and shoulders are cleanly relaxed. Integrated with the RD, the legs and hips are inseparably fused with the RD.
Before entering the curve, adjust the rotation neatly and shift down. Braking is combined to complete the deceleration for entering the curve.
Select the correct line, lean out, and fold down the car body neatly. Since it is a curve with a large R, it takes a long time to bank.
The accelerator is kept constant while lightly applying power with the half throttle. It flows beautifully without knowing it. I'm not too enthusiastic about going out.
You can see the exit of the curve. Miyo quietly opens the accelerator. Looking from behind, I'm very happy. I can't help but feel happy.
We are going to a campsite on the plateau for an overnight touring.
Although he has a medium-sized driver's license, he lacks experience, and Miyo has not yet accumulated much accurate judgment and reaction from it.
While running from Tokyo, later on, I observed Miyo's running in detail.
It is true that the actual driving experience was insufficient, but there were few places to complain.
However, there was only one sighting of the scene that cooled the liver.
When I entered the mountain road, there were few cars and the surrounding scenery began to be beautiful. As he entered the left-handed curve, Miyo wore a sideways gear change. I entered with a higher gear than the one that was suitable for entering the curve. Moreover, I arrived at the inn from the beginning of the curve.
Far before the exit of the curve, Miyo's RD ran to the center line, and while the car body was still knocked down, he ran like a sideways 《Yokoba》. Then, he broke the center line and went out into the oncoming lane. Finally, the car body got up, and the sedan, which was clearly overspeeding, went down the hill, grabbing the nose of RD trying to return to his lane with power.
It was a drive-in with a nice view, and while eating the dumplings on the pass, I told Miyo about this curve.
"And if R is the same, it runs the same way on every curve."
"I can only see the road surface."
"There will be no time to enjoy the scenery."
"Not so much"
"R is the same, but if it's blind, you'll change the way you run. You have to make a judgment by looking at the exact situation of the curve."
"That's right."
"Don't rush into the curve"
"Are you opening the accelerator too much?"
"Shift down, be sure, because gears should be low rather than too high."
"why"
In such a place, Miyo is still weak at all.
"When something happens, you can dodge it with a quick acceleration. When you enter a curve, it is slow, when you exit, it accelerates, and you can exit fast like a motorcycle."
"What about the bank?"
"It's going to be overkill. You should fix it before you get a bad habit."
"It feels good to knock it down."
"Only then. I'll see you later."
At the autumn pass, a sweet, teasing dumpling 《Dango》. Talk about touring riding techniques, though it's common sense. The taste of dumplings, the scent of air, and the content of the story are intertwined. Moreover, the other party is Miyo. I feel good.
"Even if you ride the same curve on the same machine and go through the same speed at the same speed, there are people who rub the road surface and people who do not rub. People who do not rub are more promising."
"I thought I would rub it if I knocked it down."
"I rub it for a variety of reasons, such as bad lines, improper gear, and imbalanced body."
"How is my balance?"
"That's very good"
"I'm confident"
"The waist is the center and it's beautiful. The chin doesn't come out either."
Even if you have little experience, if you acquire the correct basics from the beginning, you can greatly cover your lack of experience.
After the dumplings on the pass, I ran ahead. I ran the same line that I run on the curve to Miyo. Ride cleanly and follow. The RD and Miyo that occasionally move to the mirror are stunningly beautiful.
Let Miyo take the line and I will run on the right side. You can hear her carefully shifting the 6-speed gear.
Since the second half of the road was approaching, there was no complaint about Miyo's running. Smooth and beautiful. It seems to flow. If you take a little care, let the flow flow smoothly, open the accelerator, and you will feel like you are thrusting into it. At the time of several breaks, I also showed it.
I'm looking forward to stopping the motorcycle at a drive-in like a mountain teahouse and taking a rest.
For example, if Miyo was running behind me, Yamaha's RD250 would slip in when I got into the parking lot, got off and took off my helmet.
A rider in leather trousers landed on a leather motorcycle jumper, put out a side stand, and let the RD rest. A rider in a full-face helmet loosens his hair with both hands and blows the sky. Then he looks at me and smiles. There is no other happy moment like this.
I ran with various rhythms. There are more shortcuts to the campsite we are aiming for, but we are taking a detour. This is to teach Miyo the basics of touring and riding. I chose this road from the various memories of the road I once ran, in consideration of the campsite. If you're riding a motorcycle, this is the best season. And also for camping.
Miyo came along with any rhythm.
Enjoy the curve while the two motorcycles are united. And every time I go through the curve, a new scenery opens in front of me.
Yamaha's RD250 is in good shape. Keiichi Ogawa did the inspection and maintenance for touring. I also borrowed camping equipment such as a tent behind Kawasaki from Ogawa. It's a tool I've used after touring with him many times.
I did the Kawasaki inspection myself. All the burrs during the summer must be removed. It also served as that work.
The engine is in good shape. I have never overheated. The amount of oil used is normal, and the oil to be replaced is not conspicuous. There are no metal particles. The battery fluid is running low.
Probably because it goes well with me and Kawasaki. It must be so.
I can't find any cause for overheating of the engine. Every part of Kawasaki is in top condition. Until you're doing the right thing.
Carbon came back from the island of Miyo and dropped it thoroughly. The back of the cylinder head and the piston head. Besides, a muffler. I pulled out the core and scraped it off with a brush.
The part of the exhaust pipe with an R near the attachment part to the engine body was burned red from the outside and knocked off. A senior at the company taught me.
This senior also taught me to remove the drive chain, clean it, and boil it in oil. I am faithfully doing it. It's not fun to get up and see crying.
Ignition timing and valve adjustment. Brake lining. Front and rear wheel alignment. Air cleaner element. strainer. Gear oil. Oil inside the wire. Grease up.
There is nothing that I haven't noticed or that I haven't noticed. The car burator was replaced with a new one very recently.
The mounting part is retightened over the entire body on a regular basis. So far, there are no defective parts that must be traced back from the looseness.
There is no abnormal noise coming from anywhere in the engine. Hold a long screwdriver, apply it to each part of the engine while turning the engine, press the gripped part against your ear, and listen. There is no unpleasant noise. It's not a mess. So my Kawasaki is always in good shape.
And that smoothness is the foundation that supports the enjoyment of touring with Miyo.
Miyo also managed the forest road cleanly. The balance with RD250 is very good.
The maple is dyed red.
The maple that fills the slope of the mountain is bright red. If you run in it, your body will be dyed in the same color.
A small lake can be seen beyond the forest.
The dark blue lake water lies between the mountains in the deep tranquility.
We have entered a little deeper into the vast plateau area that spreads gently.
The sun is setting. The shadow of the mountain becomes darker. In the middle of autumn. Enveloped in the scent of cold air, we ran.
It is not a difficult road to drive because there is a lot of choice. The beauty of the scenery and the good mood make me forget everything.
At the bottom left, in the distance, I saw a small waterfall. In the deep dark green, the water of the waterfall that flows down from the protruding rock is straight and white.
In the gentle undulations, a wide forest road stretches while gently undulating. Tall trees, Kigi, create an arch of autumn leaves above us from both sides.
As expected, Miyo stopped the motorcycle once.
Take off your helmet
"I feel great!"
Say, flushing the cheeks.
That's right. I feel great.
The dusk 《Yuyami》 was between the trees in the forest, so it was quiet and laid back.
Eventually, the forest road split into two. If you go to the right, you will go downhill and you will reach the open plateau in the mountains. There are offices and national lodgings that are the bases of campsites scattered in this forest, as well as small ranches and hot springs.
At this campsite, there are no bungalows and tents are not rented to protect nature. A camper sets up a tent in the woods. They lend me blankets, but I don't have any equipment for lamps.
I paid the fee at the office, and after receiving general attention, I returned to the two-way junction << Nisaro >>. Then I entered the campsite.
I found a suitable place and stopped Kawasaki. Yamaha stopped right behind me. Miyo is laughing in a full-face helmet.
The two turned off the motorcycle engine at the same time.
Immediately, the dusk of the autumn mountains pushed us two. The tranquility is overwhelming. It's comfortable and chilly.
We are the only two here now. It is completely cut off from the others. The feeling of being pushed out in nature is squeezed into the sensation of the whole body.
"Su-te-ki"
The sound was cut off, and Miyo whispered. The whispering voice is the most suitable for this place.
There is a cry of insects. Somewhere far away, I could hear the voices of wild birds.
I unloaded my luggage from Kawasaki.
The hot water was boiled in a small stove. It is a stove that can be burned in full frame for about 3 hours using a gas cartridge.
Two cups of hot black coffee. I poured it into a stainless steel cup with a wire handle. The steam seems to be a symbol of a happy mood in the cold air.
Sit down on the grass and slowly, Miyo and I drank the hot coffee.
Because I kept kissing the cup on the grass many times, it took me a long time to drink it.
It's getting darker and darker. I can't just kiss you.
The position to put up the tent was decided.
It is said that the camping equipment borrowed from Keiichi Ogawa is a first-class product made functionally.
The large dome tent for three people was immediately set up. The coziness seems to be good.
By the way, a pedestal for a bonfire was made by arranging a number of stones on the soil. On top of that, I built a stove. The stove is a foldable, three-piece metal plate.
Assemble and put the wire shelf 《Dana》 on it, the stove is completed. The fuel may be charcoal or wood.
The dead branches collected by Miyo were finely folded, lit, and charcoal fired.
Hit the gohan and set the pork and beans in a can, like the camp in the western drama. I made corn soup and boiled freeze-dried beef stew. I wonder if I eat too much. But I'm terribly hungry.
Miyo, who changed into a wool shirt / jacket and had ponytail hair, is cute like a dream.
The two of us talked and ate together.
"Tomorrow, let's cross the mountain in the morning. We'll be on the other side."
"What is there?"
"lake"
"Wow!"
"While descending, the lake will continue to be visible."
The lake was sown, and there was a toll road extending to the top of the mountain next to it, whether it was a way or a line.
The foot of the mountain is a hot spring town. A valley extends from the lake and there is a river flow, and a dam dams the flow downstream. The artificial lake created by the dam is also a tourist destination.
The campsite where we are is on the back side of the mountain from the tourist spot.
The night is falling. It's a gentle night, but the darkness is harsh.
A small lamp with a stylish shape that looked like it would look good in the forest was lit. Miyo was happy to clap his hands. I put it over the bonfire that was about to go out of the charcoal fire.
In the light of the lamp, a world only for us was created.
All meals were clean and flat. It was a little bit, but without any pain, it settled in our belly.
With the gas stove, I boiled the water again. My special is coming out from now on.
With hot water, I added mint tea. mint. In other words Blend mint leaves into black tea to make tea. You can make refreshing black tea with a mint scent.
More than two years ago, when I was touring with Ogawa, Ogawa brought it. It was so delicious that I started to make it myself. That is useful now.
Miyo liked the mint tea very much.
In the mountains at night, there is nothing better than this mint tea as a hot tea to drink while watching the embers of a bonfire.
The night is quietly breathing everywhere in the forest. It's a deep breath. In that breath, we were also being taken in.
The cooking utensils were washed and cleaned, and then made into tea.
"For the first time, such a wonderful thing"
Miyo tells me to whisper.
"I once camp when I was on the island."
Miyo looked into my face.
"Koo, where is your hometown?"
"By the way, I never talked about that."
"Where?"
"It's very close to Tokyo. You can say it's in the mountains. Let's take it now."
Miyo puts his head on my shoulder.
"want to go"
I put my arm around her shoulder.
Miyo whispered in a very low voice.
"Koo. Why am I here now?"
I can't hear any noise. Occasionally, there is a rustling sound of dead leaves on the ground.
"I want to hear the same thing."
With the cold air of autumn as a partner, the night danced around us.
Holding Miyo's shoulders, I stood up. Holding hands, I got away from the light of the lamp.
I stepped on the dead leaves and entered in the dark night.
I stopped, hugged Miyo's shoulder, and looked back.
"There's our tent over there tonight."
I pointed and said.
A tent can be seen a little away from the embers of the bonfire and the lamp.
"In that tent, there's a sleeping bag for two people. Let's go to bed. And let's do it."
Miyo shook the night sky with a terrifying voice that was not surprising or cheering.
With my hands on my shoulders, Miyo smiled and responded while fluttering in the sky.
"I want to do it"
We walked quietly toward the tent.
I entered the sleeping bag naked. For example, in English, all the words exchanged during the long time to fall asleep can be summarized into three simple words.
The three words are
I, LOVE, and YOU.
I left the tent early in the morning.
In the white morning haze, I held hands and went into the grass, and washed my face with the cold and transparent morning dew 《Asatsuyu》 dwelling in the leaves.
[# 7 indentation] [# middle heading] 15 [# "15" is tate-chu-yoko] [# middle heading end]
"Don't put pomade on your hair."
Miyo says.
"I can't stop"
"It's sticky and untouchable, its regent. The helmet will get dirty, right?"
"Helmets get dirty anyway, and I buy them regularly."
"When will you get your Nanahan license?"
"yet"
"when?"
"Spring Sakikana"
"Such"
"It's okay to be slower"
"I want to take it quickly"
"I can still take it if I want to."
"If so, let's take it."
"No, no."
"why?"
"There's no reason why. You don't have to rush. If you're in time for your summer touring."
"Hmm"
"More than that, I'm practicing now. I have a lot to do.
"That's right. I have to save money."
"Yes. Money"
"How much is it?"
"Come on, just collect."
"What do you use?"
"Go to the island"
"eh?"
"Island. Somewhere in the south. I want to live for a while."
"That was the savings for a bright tomorrow."
"Yup"
"How much are you accumulating now?"
"About 100,000"
"It's hard"
"Yup"
"Why is it an island?"
"Because it's wide"
"Island"
"so"
"My island wasn't big. It's so small."
"Because the surroundings are the sea, it's wide."
Miyo smiled.
"The island is wide, including the surrounding sea."
"That's it"
"Why should it be wide?"
"Why. Sometimes I have to replenish the space. Besides, the island separates me from my daily life."
"Fun"
"If you don't separate it, you won't be able to grasp it accurately."
"Yeah"
"is that so"
It has been raining for four days.
Today is Sunday after a long absence. If it wasn't raining, I would have earned money on behalf of the man who had to commute on Sunday, but it was raining, so I stopped it.
Sunday afternoon. It's raining outside.
My room 《Haya》 in the second Yutakaso.
Miyo lays down on my bed, has one elbow, and supports her cheeks with her palms.
I was sitting on a tatami mat with my back against the wall facing the bed, and I was throwing out my legs.
Miyo's clothes are hanging all over the wall. It's like a woman's room. Miyo has completely settled in my room.
About a week ago, the package arrived from Nishinomiya. It's the luggage I left in my violet apartment, where I lived in Nishinomiya.
At the same time, one of Miyo's friends came to Tokyo. She was a very ordinary woman who joined the company in the same year as Miyo. I came to my apartment and looked at my face in a sullen manner.
I decided to share the room and food expenses with Miyo in half. She is closed on Saturdays and Sundays, so she can count on home cooking for those two days. However, for some reason, I only make fried rice. That was the case this morning as well. As a fried rice, it's pretty good.
Miyo's salary is a little less than the amount I get by working hard.
A large textile company headquartered in Kansai has newly established a blue jeans department, and has started to manufacture and sell jeans-based children's clothing brands in the form of a sub-division. The division is headquartered in Tokyo. It is said that he persistently talked to his boss and realized the transfer to Tokyo.
"It may be easy to hear, but it was hard."
Miyo said when it was.
"Children's clothing centered on jeans, market research, consumer needs development, taste research, and so on, and design is also involved. Your shopping culture That's one end. "
Miyo seems to have left school to become a childcare worker.
"How difficult is it to get a Nanahan license?"
"It's not difficult. The important thing is the basics. Aptitude is also important, and experience is also important."
"What, not all"
"There must have been a single bridge in the medium-sized test."
"there were"
"And with Nanahan, there is a time limit."
"Sometimes it causes you to fall down."
"Yes, that's the trick. That's the custom for the car body."
"tell me"
"Teach. Everyone knows what they know."
Miyo is now riding the Yamaha RD250, which he borrowed from Keiichi Ogawa. Along with my Kawasaki, it is placed in the parking lot below.
Besides going camping, I went on a day trip touring three times. I want to go more, but I can't take a day off because I work.
"Would you like to buy about 350?"
"why?"
"Because I can be big"
"I don't need it. Riding the 250 is really one of the goals of riding a motorcycle. If you can do the 250, you can pass the Nanahan test right away."
"Don't say it's difficult"
"The degree of people who receive it is low. It's a push-walking figure of eight that causes it to fall outward."
"The weight is definitely different between 250 and 750."
"You should practice handling. With my Kawasaki."
"What do you run?"
"Rental course"
"Driving school?"
"Yeah. On Sunday"
"Job is?"
"I'd like you to shift your stay."
"The shift is rather free, isn't it?"
"That's why there are no bonuses. Other companies have a strict shift system, and even if you try to earn a lot, you will not be free."
I reached out and turned on the FM on the table near the wall. Since the dial is correct, the sound pops out as soon as the switch is turned on.
"Let's listen"
Said the middle-aged man DJ.
"Aranjuez Concerto"
Although it wasn't Yepes, a good classical guitarist started playing.
"Guitar and orchestra"
I said.
For a while, we were listening silently.
Eventually, Miyo said.
"Koo. What will the school do?"
"Failure"
"why"
Miyo's humor is why.
"Schools can cheat you anyway. It's boring."
"Music too?"
I nodded.
"Some music can't be deceived."
"Maybe"
"You haven't found it yet."
"I haven't found it"
"Until then, do you always fail?"
"Let's graduate by next year"
"Mr. Ogawa seems to work hard on composition."
"Motorcycles are the protagonists."
"Is that song?"
"Yup"
"I want to listen"
"I told you to make a master tape, so don't listen to it before spring."
We listened to "Aranjuez Concerto" to the end.
Miyo was hungry on the bed.
While looking at the window
"Is it still raining?"
"It's good rain"
Autumn was early, but it is still warm at the end of October. When I'm in the room, I've been wearing short-sleeved T-shirts since summer.
"Hey, Koo"
"Hmm"
"Let's go for a walk.
"Good"
I turned off the FM switch.
The phone rang as if it was interlocked with it.
Crawling to the window, I came out.
"Hashimoto?"
A thick voice says. You can see it right away. One of the seniors in the company.
"Murata was in an accident. At an intersection, he collided with a four-wheeled vehicle ignoring a signal. I just got a call.
The senior told me where the intersection was.
"You and this one will come"
"It takes less than five minutes to walk"
"Tell me, what's the manuscript. The political department's desk. I'm talking to a police officer on the scene."
"Okay"
"Immediately."
"What about Murata's motorcycle?"
"The car is already out of here"
When I put down the handset, I pulled out the cardboard box that was pushed under the bed. I have clothes for riding a motorcycle on a rainy day.
"jobs?"
And Miyo listens.
"jobs"
I changed my clothes quickly and jumped out of the room.
Miyo saw me off in the rain with Kawasaki with an umbrella under the stairs.
I heard heavy footsteps in the corridor. running.
The footsteps came to the manuscript transporter's room.
Kicking the half-open door, a man named Senuma stood at the door. I'm taking a rough breath.
"Thank you!"
In a word, Senuma lifted the tank bag and helmet toward the center of the room.
The bag fell on a big table, and I barely caught the red helmet.
Senuma ran away toward the back of the corridor. The footsteps of my riding boots disappeared, and I heard footsteps again. Come for a short run.
At the door, a police motorcycle policeman stood up. Hold the leather glove in your right hand and tap your left palm with it.
The thick chest under the uniform controls rough breathing. I open my crotch and stand up, and with the narrow eyes of my single eyelids, I see us in the room. Examine each person's face mercilessly. The attitude is full of confidence. There is an expression of indignation on his dark face.
"Where did you go!"
The police motorcycle shouted, with a voice like a historical drama actor.
"Come out!"
We were taken aback.
It didn't take much time until I was convinced that Senuma was being chased by this police motorcycle police officer.
The policeman stepped forward.
Straighten your right arm and point to me
"That red helmet. Where did the man wearing it go?"
When I got stuck, I glared at me.
After a while,
"I can't go anywhere"
I answered.
"Because this helmet is me. I've been here since morning."
"It is not true!"
The policeman makes a strange statement.
"I don't know"
A man named Onori, who was reading a manga in the corner of the room, made a loud, low voice. It's the oldest of the guys in the room right now.
Slowly stood up and laid down the manga on the table, Onori walked in front of the policeman.
"What is it like when you suddenly enter the people?"
The policeman is not defeated either. He extended his right arm and silently pushed Onori.
"What is it? Why are you pushing people?"
"Where did that man go?"
"Which man is it?"
"A man riding a Yamaha TX. Yamaha's black TX"
"It's not a mistake. I'm the only one on the 650."
Onori showed me.
"However, this man's 650 is Kawasaki. There aren't many men who ride such a big man in transporting manuscripts."
"It's definitely here."
"Did you see it on your ID?"
"I saw him run away here."
"To this room?"
"In this building"
"I'm a man from another company. I'm hiding it in the toilet. I wonder if I'll add it for use. If I'm chased by a police motorcycle, it's a standard practice to escape to another company."
I put Senuma's helmet on the locker.
I went to the front of the door, passed by Onori and the policeman, and went outside.
"It's called Yamaha TX, but you can tell which is Yamaha and what is TX just by looking at it."
And, Onori is making fun of the policeman.
The policeman looked back at me with a sullen look. Regardless, I walked down the corridor. I turned the corner and ran at full speed. I went down to the underground car pool.
A police motorcycle with an engine was licked on this side where motorcycles were lined up.
I searched for Yamaha TX650. I can't find it anywhere.
I asked the janitor who was nearby if there was a man who had just gone out on a motorcycle.
"I'm right now. Yes."
The janitor replied.
"I was wondering what the police motorcycle guy was doing."
As expected. Senuma did a quick move, Hayawaza. I think he went to hide the TX even in the garage in the annex.
Slowly, I returned to the room << Heya >>. In the corridor on the way, I passed by a police motorcycle police officer.
"Gokurou-sama"
I salute.
As soon as I got back to my room, I got a call from Senuma. It is said that it is hidden in a nearby coffee shop.
"I can't ride TX for a while. Did you get rid of it well?"
When I reported the progress, Senuma was happy.
Today I started working at 9 o'clock in the morning.
There are four courses that go around government offices, and I was in charge of the longest course. Travel around the Kasumi-ga | Seki government offices and the Diet by motorcycle.
I also appeared in the 11am course. I'm busy. There are always about 15 to 20 manuscript transporters. The number is not constant. When I think that I have joined the company, I was hospitalized due to an accident within a few days, or a boy who left home joined the company and quit the next day.
Currently, the number of members is less than fifteen. Some people are sick and resting, so there are only a dozen people.
In the 11 o'clock course, I visited the newspaper company and the Imperial Household Agency "Kunaicho".
At the Imperial Household Agency, when you enter the gate, it is the flattest concrete floor, and a line that looks like a half S-curve is drawn in front of the building of the Imperial Household Agency Press Club and the building packed by security officers. is there.
When running at about 50 km / h, a policeman jumped out of the guard station when he heard the exhaust noise. Hold the baton, hold in front of the gate and wait. There are also people who make the exhaust noise even higher and fly it. At that time, many police officers are said to jump out in a hurry.
Finally, I went to the Japan Meteorological Agency and received a weather map for the news at 3:00 pm.
When I was heading to the company after finishing a little earlier than planned, I became with a police motorcycle. I didn't fly it, but I wondered if it would be more noticeable than other motorcycles, and the police motorcycle consciously followed me. It is a police motorcycle that is a traffic violation.
I was waiting for a traffic light at a big intersection. The police motorcycle stopped about 20 meters behind me, near the sidewalk. It's a long red light. While I was waiting, I heard the exhaust noise of another motorcycle from behind. It's Kawasaki's Nanahan. As you approach, you can judge by sound.
Although I should have seen a police motorcycle passing through the cars waiting for the traffic light, I came out to my side while repeating a tremendous amount of air blowing and stopped. Kawasaki Z750. He is a manuscript transporter of a newspaper company. A triangular company flag is erected on the front.
I caught a police motorcycle in the mirror. The police motorcycle slowly moved forward. Approaching a few meters,
"Hey, the motorcycle there. Don't fly."
And yelled at the speaker.
I saw a Kawasaki man next to me. The man also looks at me. Inside the shield, the man was behind a full-face helmet, face to face with each other, and finally laughed.
"This bastard!"
The voice bursts from the white police motorcycle speaker behind.
"What are you laughing at?"
The traffic light turned blue.
I and the Z750 man jumped out at the same time. Accelerate, exceed the speed limit of 7 to 8 km, and hold the speed as it is. The car behind us is steadily overtaking us. Police motorcycles cannot catch us for speed violations at such overspeeds.
The police motorcycle rushed to chase us with a fiercely 《already》 exhaust sound. Come out to my left side, face the front, and like a runaway little boy, I'll just blow the air without telling you to hear this. And I overtook. We stuck to the police motorcycle and speeded up.
The police motorcycle flew away at the intersection that had just changed to blue. Our two motorcycles are chasing. It's a very loud noise. In acceleration, it is not defeated by the police motorcycle. Following the police motorcycle, we fully opened the throttle. The police motorcycle should have noticed us who are chasing us. However, I cannot slow down suddenly because I am stubborn. While the police motorcycle is running, we can also enjoy a big speed violation.
The traffic light at the intersection of the liner has turned red. The police motorcycle slowed down.
There was a road where you could turn left. However, the police motorcycle has passed the road. I was the first, and then the Kawasaki Z750 man followed and turned left. I dropped to the speed limit and ran for a while. The police motorcycle does not follow.
Eventually, the Z750 man honked his horn and greeted him, disappearing on the side road between the huge buildings.
Before 10 o'clock on the morning of the day after staying.
In a residential area, a little from the main road. I was taking a shortcut to get back to my apartment.
It was a sunny and bright day. I was running quietly in top gear at speeds of less than 40 km / h.
I came to the quiet four corners lined up in the mansion. "Stop" is written in yellow on the road surface. As instructed, I stopped.
A mini police car came from the right side. Two round-faced police officers were on board. A young woman. The right turn signal is on.
Looking at me, I stopped, and the policewoman in the passenger seat signaled with one hand to go ahead. Nodding, I crossed the four corners. A mini police car wraps around. You're probably looking for a car that violates parking.
I slowed down. The distance between the mini police car and the car is tight. For Kawasaki, the speed was close to ultra-low speed, and I attracted more mini police cars.
Behind the scenes, the mini police car honked. A mini police car is always like this. When I was squeezing between the cars in front of me and lingering on purpose, I immediately honked the horn.
I made Kawasaki meander. A wide road continues straight. I can't find any people or cars.
Also, the horn rang. With an unfamiliar face, I continued to meander at a very low speed.
In case I got tired of it, I turned left at the next four corners. I speeded up, turned left three more times, and went out to the road I was running. A mini police car is running ahead.
I opened the snatch. Unbelievable exhaust noise roars in a quiet residential area.
In a blink of an eye, I caught up with a mini police car. I stuck behind him and did an empty blow twice. If you are too persistent, the mini police car will stop.
Slow down, slightly separated from the mini police car, accelerated and quickly came out to the right of the police car. I got to the right of the driver's door and ran at the same speed as a police car.
The policewoman who is driving constantly turns to me. I didn't know her for a while, and maybe I turned to her. When I was raising the shield, I saw her eyes.
"Good morning. Because it's a residential area, the horn is noisy."
I said to Hyokin.
At the same time, I came out in front of the police car. While meandering like a slalom taught at a driving school, I attracted a police car behind me. The police car honked the horn again.
I stopped meandering and ran as it was for a while. After being annoyed enough, I opened the accelerator and turned it up. The police car must have been exposed to the exhaust noise like a continuous explosion.
The rotation of the engine furiously went up. With my left foot, I used all my strength to lower the center stand. The stand touches the road surface and scrapes the asphalt. The shock is transmitted.
Sparks must be scattered all over the place. Most people are surprised to be able to experience the exhaust noise as the W3 spins up and this spark at the same time.
Raised the stand, accelerated, and escaped from the mini police car.
[# 7 indentation] [# middle heading] 16 [# "16" is tate-chu-yoko] [# middle heading end]
Time will continue to fly away. It's November already. The speed at which time flies away seems to be even faster. It must be deeply connected to the changing seasons. In autumn, the shadows are rapidly darkening. That speed accelerates the speed of leaving time.
The speed of time to fly away from both sides of my body. Another factor that makes me feel that speed is even faster than it was in the summer is the change in my life. Miyo is now a part of my life. I live together in my apartment room, Heya. I'm not sure if this is life, but it's true that my days are shared with Miyo.
I feel that the daily density has increased. Various things have become clearer and more memorable than before. Did the range of sensations expand with the advent of Miyo? Even when I was riding a Kawasaki, I became clearly aware of things that I had never felt before.
Previously, if Kawasaki and I were perfectly integrated into Kanpeki, that was enough for me. So, other than that, there was no shortage, even if it wasn't reflected in my heart or caught in my senses.
But now, Miyo is with me. Since I and Miyo are one, I'm the size of two people compared to when I was alone before. At the same time that I feel and think about various things through myself, I also feel and think through Miyo. The area of ​​the feeling of touching me and the outside world has doubled. In reality, it's more than doubled. And as the days of being connected and united with Miyo are added, the area of ​​sensation grows bigger and bigger. It's fun. At the same time, the speed at which time flies away becomes faster and faster.
When I talked to my friend Keiichi Ogawa about this feeling, Ogawa said:
"One woman finally fell in love with you. That's it."
Work is busy. The number of manuscript transporters has been reduced to twelve, and it is full rotation. Newcomers are coming in one after another, but no one will show up in a couple of days.
For me, it helps to be busy. Next summer, I want to go touring with Miyo aiming for the southern island. Therefore, you have to start saving from a place close to zero.
However, the feeling is a little different between the busyness of choosing oneself and the busyness of sprinkling on without hesitation.
I try to take a rest as much as possible on Sunday morning. This is to go to a driving school rental course and prepare Miyo for a license test for a large displacement car with my Kawasaki. At this stage, I am teaching me the sense of unity with the car body and sudden braking as thoroughly as possible.
Although there are many days when I pass by Miyo, half of the week is only at night, but I can play with Miyo. I often go to the singing snack "Michikusa". And it seems that Ogawa is coming to the store more often than we are.
"With Nami-chan. It looks like you're very close."
The aunt who was always at the counter told me.
In the middle of November, we withdrew.
It is a large house with eight rooms. It's in a residential area near the station, just after leaving Tokyo by private railway and entering Kanagawa prefecture. It is a quiet residential area that has been built for several years. It's a house surrounded by a high block wall that feels like it's not going to keep people away. It's a stance that can be called a mansion.
It seems that the relative of Miyo's mother lived alone with his wife. The couple will be on a business trip to Poland for three years, and if they would like to have a younger person live instead of an answering machine, that person brought a story to Miyo's mother.
The rent is free. He said that it would be fine if he could bear the utility bill and live as it was without remodeling or changing the pattern.
We withdrew. It's obviously too big for the two, and the construction of the house itself feels very strange. But the lack of rent helps, and best of all, there is a large driving school about 30 minutes walk from the house.
Every Sunday and public holidays, all courses are open for a fee as rental courses. If you let Miyo push Kawasaki and walk, it will be a practice of handling.
Eight rooms are not needed. We decided to use a room that we wouldn't use, and we decided to live in the other rooms. The furniture is managed by a warehouse company.
The inside of the empty house was refreshing and pleasant. I borrowed a van used to carry a road racing machine from a senior man in the company who is doing road racing, and carried all the luggage at once.
The couple had a hobby of audio, and there was one soundproof room. Amplifiers and speakers are sleeping with records in the warehouse of the warehouse company. In a room with thick carpet, I put a small audio device I brought from No. 2 Yutakaso.
"Luxury"
"What?"
Miyo is laughing.
"If I had a carpet like this, I could use it as a bed."
We lay down on the carpet and listened to the classic LP. I tried to see what it would be like to turn up the volume and play a record in a soundproof room. It wasn't very interesting.
Miyo went to Chitin for coffee, and when I was lying on the carpet in the soundproof room, the phone rang.
Miyo who picked up the phone with chitin
"You!"
I called me in a loud voice. It was a voice and intonation like a newly-married wife that appeared in a TV home drama.
I went to Chitin, where I answered the phone.
"Yo, yo, yo"
Beyond the phone, a stream is unusually lively.
"Who are you?"
"Noisy, it's just a joke. Where are you now?"
"Michikusa. I heard that I moved, so I called."
I wanted to let Ogawa and Nami know the phone number of this mansion, but I couldn't get it. That's why I told the aunt of "Michikusa".
"Why don't you come here? It's quite different from your old apartment."
"Wait a minute. It will change."
 after a while,
"Hello!"
I heard Nami's bouncing voice.
"Koo?"
"so"
"I was surprised!"
Nami shouts.
"I was really surprised because it was the first time I was born that I was so surprised!"
Alone, he was talking with momentum.
"It's completely different. Originally, it's the same song, but from the feeling, it's completely different."
"What are you talking about"
"Song story"
"song?"
"Look, long ago, early in the summer, Koo, when you first came to Michikusa, you would have head-arranged my song. That song."
"Untitled guy"
Miyo put hot coffee on the table. The scented steam drifts toward my face.
"That's right. I still don't have a title."
"I'll put it on, soon"
"Please"
"What happened to that song?"
"That's why. I asked Koo to arrange it later on the music. I thought it was very nice, and I liked it."
"Yup"
"I was thinking of having Keiichi Ogawa arrange it. But he didn't do it. Today, he finally came and saw the music. I played the guitar and sang it, but it was completely clear. is it wrong"
"Is it different from me?"
"so!"
"If people change, the songs will be different."
"Is it so different?"
"Which one do you like?"
"That's right. Koo's is also wonderful. It's neatly organized and brings out the feeling that the song has. But what does Keiichi Ogawa say, I'm drawn in. Originally. Is a song I made myself, but it has a lot of depth, and that depth is something I didn't have. Keiichi Ogawa is a serious catastrophic type. "
Nami cut the word, adding a strange word.
"I like the arrangement of the stream better."
"Well, that's right."
"Why are you in'Michikusa'? Are you open even in the daytime?"
"Because it's a coffee shop in the daytime."
It's past 1pm on Saturday afternoon. I have time until tomorrow afternoon. It's been a long time off.
"Come out here"
"shall we go"
The phone changed to Ogawa.
"Now I'm renting Celica from Mari Nakahara. She said she'd replace it with Cosmo and become an adult woman."
"Then, run for a while. Come on."
Ogawa hung up, saying that he was heading soon.
In less than an hour, Ogawa and Nami appeared.
Nami was fair-skinned after the summer sunburn "Hiya" was injured.
"Nami. Did you get fertilizer?"
Nami was just laughing, not answering my question.
When I gathered at Chitin and drank coffee, I had nothing to do. It's a house where people lived until just a few days ago, even though it's empty and empty with no furniture or furnishings. The pattern and smell of the person's life can be felt in various places. We obviously don't fit it.
Ogawa said to go outside. As I suggested what to do, I came up with a good idea.
"Let's go to my hometown"
The most happy was Miyo.
"Where is it? Is it near here?"
"If you drive for two hours, you can go. It's in the mountains."
"Is it Tanzawa?"
Ogawa's guess about this is always correct. When it comes to motorcycle touring, I'm far more crazy than I am, so I'm familiar with geography.
"Koo. Do you have a hometown?"
Nami heard.
"Are"
"People who don't make you feel like that at all, you. People who seem to come from the stars."
"I want to go"
Miyo said happily.
"The sun is still high. Let's run for a while."
I told Ogawa.
"Is this?"
Ogawa showed the gesture of holding the steering wheel of a motorcycle. I nodded.
"Put it on me"
Miyo raised his voice.
"That Yamaha isn't going to give it back to you anymore. He came to my island by motorcycle. Now it's my turn to go by motorcycle."
Ogawa is smiling.
"What should I do? I haven't been riding two wheels lately, so my hips suddenly tingled."
"Determine with rock-paper-scissors"
I said.
"Good one-shot game. The loser will go to Celica with Nami. Hashimoto, you too."
According to Ogawa's words, the three of us played rock-paper-scissors. First, I won. Ogawa and Miyo played, and Miyo lost.
"Chie"
"Well done"
"Let's go out and have an early dinner in the mountains."
Ogawa made his own proposal.
"That's good, hey, Miyo. Make fried rice, in the mountains."
"OK"
I still had some tools for when I went camping with Miyo. I borrowed it from a stream. I and Ogawa prepared two stoves with charcoal and spare butane gas cartridges, tableware, seasonings, rice and sausages. I searched for materials from Miyo's small refrigerator in the corner of a well-equipped chitin.
"If you don't have enough, find a supermarket and buy it before you enter the Tomei Expressway."
"Where does the Tomei Expressway get off?"
"Oi Matsuda" Oimatsuda ""
I lent my spare helmet and goggle, gloves and motorcycle jumper to Ogawa. Yamaha's RD250 is always in top condition by Miyo. Thirty minutes after I started telling them to go, the four of us were out of the house.
Machida 《Machida》 Highway went out and went south. The white Celica driven by Miyo ran earlier. Looking from behind, I noticed that it was a very gentle and exemplary safe driving. From the Yokohama interchange, I went up to the Tomei Expressway.
As far as I could see, the Tomei Expressway was empty. I ran after Celica for a while, and then I went out alongside the stream to the right-hand drive lane and ran alongside Celica.
Miyo has a map with accurate landmarks on how to proceed after getting off at Oi Matsuda. I and Ogawa opened the throttle, left Celica at court speed, and started flying.
Turn the engine to a rotation range that is rarely used. A glance at the tachometer. There is still plenty of room before the needle reaches the red zone from 750. However, the wind pressure and wind noise, the engine noise, and the vibration transmitted from the car body to the whole body are tremendous.
The gray road surface of the Tomei Expressway extends forward in the field of view limited by the monocular goggle. At the right end of my eyes, which flies in the driving lane, a guardrail in the median strip and a well-spaced planting flow. Below the right edge of the field of view is a white line. On the left side of the field of view is the dashed center line. And the driving lane. The heavy, big trucks that I overtake one after another are lumps of iron that are pulled up and left behind. The sound of tires and the roar of the diesel engine squeeze forward, overtaking and at the same time disappearing backwards.
On both sides of the road, slopes with grass and shrubs, concrete cliffs, hills with small forests, etc. are all hazy and flow behind at a ferocious speed. leave. In the sky of the liner, the mountains of Tanzawa become a silhouette and do not move, and with that silhouette in the background, the overpass connecting the hills on the left and right of the road flies behind me.
By the time you get used to the wind pressure and vibration, you will be able to accurately grasp the road conditions and the flow of cars all the way to the front. My body is completely involved in the wind pressure, engine noise, and vibration. The feedback of the road surface transmitted from the front wheels to both arms fills the body, and it becomes a torque that kicks the road surface and disappears from the rear wheels exhilaratingly.
Curves appear one after another. As I repeated the selection of the correct line to go through the curve to the right and left, soon I began to feel that my waist and bottom melted into the car body and became one, and the upper body held by the handle with both arms Only I am completely depressed by the illusion of flying about a meter from the road surface. It's a magical moment.
The road has three lanes. A light van runs in front of the driving lane. Immediately chase behind and blink the headlights several times. The light van I noticed moves to the left. After seeing it, I returned the throttle and at the same time stepped on the change pedal to make a break and opened the throttle without a break. Shift down without using the clutch. After catching up, I pulled out the light van sufficiently by accelerating in 3rd gear and raised it to 4th gear.
There are two trucks in front. One in the leftmost lane and one in the center lane. In the drive lane, you can't see any cars up to the curve far ahead.
In order to make the magical moment when I started to immerse my body even more perfect, I pulled out the trucks running side by side. I can't see any car in front of me. As soon as I see it, my body is automatically smooth and sloppy to the left. Kawasaki responded softly and keenly to the Eibin and entered the central lane.
After coming to the center of the central lane, I rebuilt my body. Magic occurs as the car body approaches upright. There is an equal lane on the left and right of me, and a white dashed line flies away just below both sides of my field of vision. The expanse of the road on my left and right is perfectly balanced. I'm right in the center of the three-lane plane and the space above it. The equal spread of the road surface on the left and right gives me a sense of stability as if the main wings were extended from my body integrated with Kawasaki.
The main wing takes me off the road in an illusion. It's a dangerous illusion, but it's certainly one of the magical powers of a large displacement motorcycle running at high speeds.
No car can be seen ahead. The straight continues. This also makes me forget the road surface when I start taking off, and instead make me strongly aware of the space above the road surface.
The approaching overpass suddenly jumped up from a certain point and disappeared behind. Beyond that is a gentle clockwise curve. Without thinking about anything, I and Kawasaki will go through the curve without deviating from the line in the middle of the central lane. The field of view cut out by the edge of the goggle gently turns to the left as it enters the curve, and returns to its original state when it exits the curve.
When you went through the curve, it was a downhill. On both sides of the road there are slopes that fall towards the low lands between the hills. As you go downhill, the feeling of takeoff becomes stronger and stronger. I can't see the car in front of me yet. By the time I got off the downhill, I was completely flying.
At the Oi Matsuda interchange, I got off the Tomei Expressway. I ran on National Highway 246, entwined with the Gotemba Line. The distant mountains were much closer to themselves than when they were running on the Tomei Expressway.
Away from the national highway, I passed through the Tomei Expressway, which was supported by many tall concrete pillars in the valley. Along the river, head to the mountains of Ashigarakami District. The river ran on the bottom of a steep, deep slope on the left side of a two-lane round-trip road.
The number of cars decreased as we entered the mountain. A mountain narrows down on the left side of the road, and the appearance of a private house in the forest gives the appearance of a countryside. I have never come since I left the village of Yamasso in Tanzawa in the summer of my first year of high school. It's the road I've been running for the first time in a long time.
Eventually the road became one lane. On the left is a cliff that immediately crosses the guardrail and falls into the river. And on the right is the mountain slope. The shapes of mountains and rivers correspond to each other. The road goes through the middle of the road, squeezing the curves many times.
A dam was visible in the valley. It's a new dam. The dammed river water created an artificial lake in the valley.
The new road was branched from the old road. I can't find a car or a person. Occasionally there are grocery stores facing the road, and private houses are scattered against the forest.
The new road was wet on the mountainside so as to overlook the large artificial lake water. There was a climbing slope to the back of the lake, and there was a concrete-lined parking lot and an observatory at the top.
Ogawa, who overtook me after getting off the Tomei Expressway, came and waited.
"Is it still a while ago?"
"It's about to come down this road and turn to the other side of the lake. You can see the river flowing into the lake again, and there is a forest road along the river. Try"
"It's a quiet cousin. I'm here for the first time."
A number of small mountains are piled up. The tree is deep. The autumnal trees look like dead trees in the dull green of November. As Ogawa says, it's quiet. It smells like mountains. The deep, deep blue water surface of the artificial lake reflects the shadow of the mountains, receiving the sun at the beginning of winter without moving.
After waiting for Celica, we went down the hill. On the way, I ran on the old road. It is an old road that remains only a little without being submerged in the bottom of an artificial lake. Only there, the remnants of my former village remained as they were. A mossy stone wall is hung on one side of the road, and an old wooden house is quietly surrounded by trees. Perhaps it's an abandoned house, there's no sign of people.
The other side of the stone wall is a small, flat land until it falls into the river. The fields are left with grass. A white light car is parked in the yard of the house with a red sign saying "cigarette". People still live here.
Beyond the lake, the old road with old asphalt pavement ended and became a forest road. There was a slope going down to the river as it used to be. We went down to the river.
It's a wide river. The ground where Japanese pampas grass grows spreads, and inside it is a riverbank with round rocks. A shallow, narrow, steep stream winds through the middle of it.
Celica came and stopped by me and the stream. Nami and Miyo have come down.
"Is your hometown here?"
Miyo listens to me.
"There must still be a house where I was born."
I answered with a laugh.
"You could see the lake a while ago. An artificial lake made of dams."
"Yup"
"Sinking at the bottom of that lake"
"Is it true?"
And Miyo is surprised.
A dam was built in the mountains of Tanzawa to supply water to the city facing Sagami Bay. The dam construction plan was announced before I entered high school. An alternative land was given to Odawara city, and a house was built there with a deposit, and the parents moved. I still live there. The dam was completed a few years later, water storage began, and the home village sank to the bottom of the lake.
I walked around the river and went to the hanging bridge that I could see in the back, and crossed it. I don't know what role this suspension bridge once played. There is a small sawmill on the other side of the suspension bridge, and it seems that trees are still being cut out little by little. The other side is a long and narrow flat land along the foot of the mountain. There are traces of fields. Now it's left to the rough.
Miyo and Ogawa went on a forest road by motorcycle. After I came back, I brought the stove to Kawahara and cooked a meal. After eating and drinking coffee, I and Ogawa went to the suspension bridge again.
Leaning on a wire rope hanging a simple wooden bridge,
"Look, my women are string figures."
Ogawa sucked his chin over the river.
By the bonfire, Nami and Miyo were string figures. The two of them suddenly turned to us and laughed.
"Did you fix the song that Nami made?"
I came to the stream.
"Your arrangement seems to be done exactly as you would in the original song. Nami said that I was messed up."
"Nami likes messed up better. He said you were catastrophic."
"Don't type so easily"
"Nami is a woman who has changed."
"To me, that kind of thing looks normal."
"At least it shouldn't be commonplace."
"What is the world?"
Ogawa smiles and listens back.
"Boring type"
"In that sense, I'm not a boring woman, I'm sure. Your Miyo, too."
"It's easy to say your Miyo, but Miyo may not think of me as his man."
"What do you think?"
"That's right, so don't say my woman."
"What should I say?"
"I don't need a name."
"Everyone is looking for something that isn't boring, and I feel like walking a tightrope."
"That's right. I'm sure they are."
"If not, it's just a see-saw game that's loved and loved."
Ogawa changed the topic. It is said that a story about making an LP has been brought to Nami from a record company. As a singer / songwriter, he is talking about making his own LP and making his debut.
"What is Nami saying?"
"Now, I'm enthusiastic."
"As an arranger, you are involved."
"It's Nami's selfishness"
"Hmm"
"I say that there are many songs I made myself. It seems to be very difficult for Nami to decide which song to sing and how to make an LP."
Miyo turned to us. Raising one hand, laughing and beckoning us.
"Call me"
"Don't you think Nami has turned white?"
I asked.
"From here, Miyo is black and Nami is pure white."
Ogawa was smiling. I turned my face back and said:
"I'm hungry, have kids"
[# 7 indentation] [# middle heading] 17 [# "17" is tate-chu-yoko] [# middle heading end]
On a blue sky day in winter, the sky was slightly blue. The sun is bright enough, but weak. The wind is mercilessly cold. It is close to Mt. Fuji and has a little altitude, so the air feels thin. When you inhale it into your chest, the clear coldness seems to wash the inside of your body.
The dry metallic exhaust sound of the racing machine penetrates through the clear air. It is a Japanese 497CC, square four-cylinder machine that is popular with European racers. Around the final corner, while accelerating toward the sixth speed, he plunges into a straight course. It is a road racer that can reach 130 km / h at the first speed.
It flies like a bullet to a long straight in front of the grandstand. A cowling is attached to the head of the rider who is leaning his upper body on the tank. From the transparent part of the cowling to the bottom, red, blue, and white are painted brightly, and it flows cleanly to the bottom of the gearbox and is covered. It shines clearly in the bright sunlight. The maximum speed is said to be 270 km / h. Perhaps at a speed close to that, the machine sprinted away in front of me standing at the edge of the pit, like arrows painted in red, white, and blue. At that machine, and at this speed, it goes beyond the concept of running. Like the phantom light I saw in a distant dream, I was sucked into the first corner.
The machine made two more laps on the speedway. Then I entered the pit and stopped. Everyone gathers around the machine.
The rider got off the machine. I took off my helmet. Hidemasa Sawada. After a duel with me, he spent two months in the hospital, taking a leave of absence and taking a longer vacation, and has been devoting himself to the work of the Eikou Road Race Club for the past few months.
Miyo wearing a helmet straddled the road racer. The gloves and boots are also new and authentic, with the new thin leather coveralls for road racing.
Checking the position of the pedal of the step, put your foot on it, and squeezed the grip on a large tank that can hold more than 30 liters.
Several men are supporting Miyo's straddling machine. Sawada gives various cautions. Although it is 6-speed, the shift pattern is completely different from that of commercial cars. After giving careful attention to how to open the accelerator and braking,
"Then, do you want to run?"
Sawada said.
I was watching the nodding Miyo from behind.
Men supporting the car body from both sides pushed the machine. The rider himself pushes the engine to start it, but Miyo cannot do it, so after deciding the position across the engine, people push it.
The engine started immediately after pushing a few meters. When the clutch is engaged, it starts to slide smoothly. As the accelerator opens and closes, an incredibly light exhaust noise spreads in the cold air. Soon, Miyo began to spin. I took the line as taught and entered the first corner with a piercing sound of pear.
The exhaust noise of the machine that goes around the course can be heard smoothly from a distance without being jerky. It was a very good time for a complete amateur, and Miyo passed through the final corner and entered a straight line. As it is, run through in front of the grandstand.
"It's pretty good. I'm riding beautifully."
I heard Sawada talking to a fellow man.
Today is a meeting at the circuit of the Eikou Road Race Club. On public holidays, I rented a speedway course without any races in time, and I am allowed to test drive that popular road racer. All the branch members of the company are also coming. When I was invited to come, I came to this speedway with Kawasaki and Yamaha early in the morning with Miyo.
As soon as I came, I came across Sawada in the pit. I came here with the expectation that I would probably meet Sawada.
Looking at me, Sawada raised his chin and raised his chin.
"Oh"
I just said.
Introducing Miyo, she told me
"Hi"
He said, and was smiling with that stubborn face.
After three laps allowed by Sawada, Miyo entered the pit. I asked the men to hold the machine, took off their helmets while straddling the seat, and showed them a wonderful smile. On a tense and bloody face, only the cheeks are red.
"The front floats in 3rd gear!"
"I'm turning around about 900,000."
Sawada taught.
"From acceleration, it's really smooth. If it's less than 500, the octopus needle won't move. I'm surprised, I'm surprised."
Sawada explained about the frame and suspension while straddling Miyo on the seat.
If you can make three laps on this course with that road racer, there should be a lot of motorcycle crazy that you can pay about 10,000 yen. That's right. However, Sawada easily allowed Miyo to test drive, but he didn't even tell me if he would try it. I try to wander around Sawada, but there is no sign that he will call out to me. I'm ignoring me.
I had no choice but to run a long course including a bank with my Kawasaki. No matter how many times I try, I can't run in this hard bank at 30 degrees. I think this time, but each time I run at the lowest point. I'm panicking with hair pins and lap times aren't really thyme.
On some laps, I saw Miyo running again on that road racer from under the bank. With me running heavily in W3 at the bottom of the bank as a sword, Miyo with a bright orange jumpsuit beautifully united with a supple and strong road racer and jumped through the bank. I pulled the explosive sound that led to one light sound into the air, went up to the high part of the bank lightly, and ran down the slope of the rough road surface like a reverse drop.
The road race club guys who pulled out the sidecars near noon began to teach Miyo, who wants to ride, how to use the short course as a passenger.
I straddled Kawasaki and went out of the course. I bought squid grilled at the store behind the grandstand, straddled Kawasaki, and ate it alone.
Compared to that road racer, Kawasaki's W3 feels like an old man who has been having a hard time for at least 10 years, even if it must be a love wife.
Keiichi Ogawa and Nami came to live with us. It's lively and very fun. Since I came to Tokyo, I've been living alone in an apartment.
At the company, the number of manuscript transporters will never increase. There have been a lot of incidents these days, even though it's a full turn just by completing a regular course. When the hijacking at Haneda Airport occurred, I went back and forth between Haneda and the company many times for two days. Kawasaki's 650 couldn't move quickly, so I asked Ogawa to bring me a Yamaha 250 and got on it. Explosion of a science factory. Skyscraper fire. Blasting police box. The incident happened in quick succession.
At the end of the year, Miyo got a large motorcycle license. I wanted to extend it until early spring, but as soon as the new year begins, the work of the company will be busy, so I want to take it now. I didn't help, but I passed the second time. The first time, I overlooked the stop sign in the middle of the course and failed on the spot.
December, January, February, I could hardly take a day off. The passage of time could be known from the size of Nami's belly, which gradually protruded.
In January, Miyo became really busy and overtime began to continue. It is said that the same busyness will continue until spring.
Ogawa and Nami were enthusiastic about creating new songs for LP and refinishing the songs that Nami had made so far. In the daytime, Nami's fellow musicians came home and seemed to fix the image of each song for LP in the soundproof room "Haya".
"It makes me feel like singing. I can't fix it."
Nami said so.
From early spring, Nami sticks out his growing belly and begins to go around live houses mainly in Tokyo. This is to step on the number of live venues and spread the name, and at the same time, to confirm the live reaction to Nami's songs and each song.
On the day when the director of the record company who brought in the story of LP came with me, I took a day off for the first time in a while. Miyo and, of course, Ogawa went out to the live house where Nami appeared at night.
A station near the outskirts of Tokyo that can be reached from the city center without changing trains. It was a live house in the basement of the building in the shopping district in front of the station.
It is a store that can accommodate more than 200 people when the standing seats are full. There was a stage a little high on the wall, and there were seats in a semicircle with a gentle slope.
In such a store, Nami's name seemed to be already well known. A group of two men who took the stage before Nami's turn told him that the next stage was Nami, a sunshine girl, with a little cheers and applause.
"What is Sunshine Girl?"
A young director responded to me when I came to Ogawa.
"I met Nami for the first time at the beginning of last summer. I was struck by the sun-burning black, terrible, I mean, she absorbed the sun with her whole body, and the essence of it was full of her body. I was very happy with it. I had slim, worn-out jeans with leather elephants, a white T-shirt and no bra. I waved my hands and threw my own body in front of people. , I'm walking down that road with "Michikusa". The impression at that time was the sunshine girl itself. I'm thinking of making it her catchphrase. "
In the Kansai Fu's intonation, the director spoke with enthusiasm. He was a good man.
Nami came out on stage. A spotlight caught her and applauded her. I made a hole in the middle of the flower-patterned sheets and wore clothes that looked like they were completely worn. The big belly is round and interesting and conspicuous.
Sit on the chair in front of the microphone, turned over the guitar I had and put it on both knees, and looked at the audience with a smile.
"Hey, you've come a lot"
Nami said so. A familiar laughter spread to the audience. I lifted the guitar with my left hand and rubbed my stomach with my right hand.
"Hey, I'm getting a lot bigger."
Suddenly, laughter rises.
"So, tonight, I'll introduce you to my hungry person."
Cheers and applause. I had Lightman on the right side of the stage put a spot on it and headed for the audience. Nami instructed me a little to the right, a little below, and finally the spotlight caught my right-handed stream.
"that person"
Everyone saw the stream in Nami's voice.
"Stand up and bow"
I shook Ogawa's shoulders.
"Would you like me to come out on stage?"
Nami calls out to the audience. It's a big applause.
"Please do it"
Ogawa says in a low voice.
"Come on"
I pushed the back of the stream,
"Please, for the sunshine."
Said the director.
Applauded, Ogawa reluctantly stood up. I went up to the stage, put one hand on Nami's shoulder, and looked out over the audience.
Nami handed the guitar to Ogawa. Two things, Mikoto, she said something, and Ogawa nodded. With the strap on his shoulder, Ogawa suddenly started playing the guitar. With that in the background, Nami alone sings. It's a somewhat sentimental, but refreshing melody song. The lyrics were nonsense with a focus on wordplay. Laughter rose from the audience for each phrase.
Nami laughed with a smirk. Ogawa has a bright red face.
"The relationship between me and this person is like the current song. I think it will continue naturally, regardless of cognition or registration."
There was a big applause.
"There is a charm, right?"
The director looked into my face and said. With enthusiasm, I nodded.
Ogawa got off the stage, and instead, a band of four men was behind Nami. After tuning it well, the performance started. In addition to that, Nami, who was sitting on the chair, sang.
It was Nami's song that I heard for the first time in "Michikusa". I was surprised at how crisp and nimble rock and roll was.
"Is it your arrangement?"
I asked Ogawa who came back to the seat next to me. Ogawa nodded silently.
When the applause was pulled out from the audience seats, the back band played the refrain part again. Nami with a smile sang in a loud, fun-filled manner, as if she was hoisting high. It's a moderately pop and nice finish.
Nami sang several songs in a row. The reaction from the customers to every song seemed to be good. The smoke of cigarettes was filled with light heat, something like expectations for Nami.
With Nami, who finished the one-time stage, we went up to the coffee shop on the first floor of the same building.
"I said that the arrangement of Ogawa made me messed up, but it seems that it has improved a lot."
"That song?"
Nami looks at me.
"After all, it's messed up."
"why?"
"That song is a blue, melancholic song. I don't really feel that way as a song, but I feel like that. Your arrangement should bring out that feeling. Moreover, he gave me a sharpness so that it would bounce lightly. However, Keiichi Ogawa's messed up. As I heard earlier, it makes such pop music. Moreover, using a fake ending. "
"Only that song has no title yet."
The director said with a joyful laugh.
"Why don't you make it a sunshine girl?"
"Sunshine Girl. Then you have to get the lyrics a little."
"The word Sunshine Girl rides well on the refrain part, right?"
"I will ride"
"Speaking of the title, hey, hey"
Nami interrupted the story.
"I don't even know the name of the back band when recording."
It is said that five of Nami's friends, musicians, will be selected for backing.
"Only the piano is a girl. I'm in Vienna now. I went to Europe on a pack trip and passed the piano exam at the National Academy. I think that's the leader."
"Is the woman the leader?"
Said the director.
"How about Snow White?"
"Snow White and the four dwarfs?"
"Child-bearing flatfish and five fishermen"
"What about Tsuruhime and the four peasants?"
"It shouldn't be, because it's a discriminatory term."
The director turned to me again.
"When I was hungry, I was recording in June. It's interesting, isn't it?"
[# 7 indentation] [# middle heading] 18 [# "18" is tate-chu-yoko] [# middle heading end]
Winter motorcycles are a foot race with dead leaves. Otherwise it's cold and I can't ride.
At the intersection of a wide road with a row of trees, I straddled Kawasaki early in the morning and waited for a traffic light by myself. The sun is shining through the breaks in the winter clouds that slightly cover the sky. It's a faint sunlight. A row of trees can barely be cast on an empty sidewalk. There are few leaves left on the branches of the tree. It became a dead leaf and fell off. When the traffic light turns blue soon, the wind blows from behind the lick. Riding on the wind, a small dry sound runs on the asphalt road surface. The sound runs through Kawasaki's right side.
It's a piece of fallen leaves. The fallen leaves are fluttering like a water wheel in the wind blowing over the road surface. The leaves, which have withered hard and turned brown, touch the asphalt and make a rattling noise. The fallen leaves cross the intersection straight. The traffic light turns blue. Put the gear in first gear, gently engage the clutch, and gently open the accelerator. Deciduous leaves run through the middle of the intersection. Kawasaki chases the fallen leaves. Deciduous leaves run just to the right of the front wheels. Close the accelerator according to the speed. The fallen leaves are running hard to keep up with the wind, but for Kawasaki it's super slow. The exhaust noise suddenly becomes quiet, probably because the silencer is effective.
The fallen leaves are blown to the left. I'm about to trample on the front wheels. Turn the steering wheel to the left and avoid it. Just in front of the front wheel, the fallen leaves cross to the left. Then, run straight for a while. I'm going to the sidewalk.
It's an intersection again. The wind blows strongly from behind. The fallen leaves take off just before the intersection at the green light and fly across the intersection. Open the accelerator in a breath. Exhaust noise rang in the wind, and Kawasaki chased the fallen leaves.
The fallen leaves won by a slight difference. I crossed the intersection, hit the edge of the sidewalk, made a dragonfly, and jumped into the planting on the other side of the sidewalk. After that, only the wind remained. This time, it's the wind and the competition. While accelerating from the first speed, raise the gear. When I thought that it had disappeared suddenly, the wind that started to blow from just behind my shoulder immediately changed slightly, and the rough shift up to 4th speed seemed to be lost for some reason. I feel like.
Open the accelerator in 4th speed on a straight line with no other cars. The wind pressure hits the body. I thought that the wind must have been left behind, so I grabbed my chin from behind and blew it forward rapidly. At that moment, the appearance of the wind seemed to be visible.
A tree-lined road illuminated by street lights late at night. People have already entered the house. It's a moonless night. The asphalt road rises above the hanging mercury lamp streetlights, and the rows of trees that have leaves even in winter are shining dull and silver. You can see the telephone booth near a tree. A brightly lit yellow phone. I wonder if the inside of the box is very warm.
When I gave up the competition with the cold Koga-like and ran calmly while listening to the intake sound, there was something that hit the back of the helmet with a click.
It's a dead leaf. It turns in front of the helmet and glides through the dead tree like a small glider. Every time it flips in the wind, it shines dullly under the white light of a streetlight. Due to the darkness of the moonless night and the light of the streetlights that illuminate only around me, the road that stretches straight ahead does not seem strangely deep. One dead leaf flies straight through it. Every time I enter the streetlight, it glows dull. The dead leaves seem to be stationary in one place in the air, as the darkness does not give a sense of depth.
Aiming at the dead leaves, I ran with Kawasaki. I opened the accelerator a little. Dead leaves do not change position. There is no doubt that it is flying because it continues to reverse. However, it seems to be stationary. In addition, I opened the accelerator. The needle of the tachometer on the right side goes up from left to right. I can't catch up with dead leaves. The gear is in third gear. Exhaust noise rises like an explosion, and wind pressure is heavy on the face and body. Vibrations run around the body.
The needle of the tachometer is in front of the red zone painted in red. A white needle is attached to the left end of the red part. If it is this rotation at 3rd speed, it should be 130 at speed. Even if it flies at such a speed, it cannot catch up with a single dead leaf flying in the air. It's impossible. There are no dead leaves that fly at 130 km / h. It should be torn apart and fly away.
However, the dead leaves that continue to invert while gliding can be seen in front. can not catch up with. Dead leaves fly at the same speed as when you started chasing. Then, at one point, the dead leaves suddenly came to me. Soon after, I flew straight toward me and hit the goggle.
I applied sudden braking. Even with sudden braking from 130 km / h, my Kawasaki did not sway. The double discs on the front wheels are surprisingly stable. When I was in a standing still state and put out neutral and closed the accelerator, the engine fell to stable idling at 800 rpm.
When I looked down, a dead leaf was lying on the sheet in front of my crotch. As soon as I saw the dead leaves, the wind blew, and the dead leaves fluttered up, crossed the light of the headlamps, and the moment I went out of the light, it suddenly disappeared. I noticed that Kawasaki's flashers on the front, back, left and right were left on. The moment I stopped suddenly, I reflexively turned on the hazard switch.
The hazard was erased and I started running. At least tonight, I'm no longer in the foot race with dead leaves. I ran on a wide tree-lined road on a winter night, with no one other than me and Kawasaki, whilst making an exhaust noise at 2000 rpm and 50 km / h.
It became completely cold, and when the cold continued for several days, the speed at which time passed seemed to have slowed down a little. However, in reality, it is not gradual, and it is still flying away at the same speed as usual.
It was the beginning of April that I noticed that. When I was waiting for a traffic light at the intersection in Hibiya, I noticed myself sweating under a motorcycle jumper. The autumn day, lamenting that summer was over too early, seems to be just yesterday. It's already April, even though it hasn't been long since then. From September to April, more than half a year has already flown somewhere at a tremendous speed. From the sun of the smog weather that illuminates the big intersection, the lightness of the winter sun was definitely missing. In the goggle, I squinted. The spring sun suddenly became dazzling for some reason.
Miyo is busy with work at the company. The launch of the newly branded children's clothing has already begun in early spring, and I am busy with it. Overtime continues.
Ogawa and Nami, who live with us, live a life centered on music. It seems that they are beginning to select songs to be included in the LP. Focusing on the selected songs, he stands on the stage and sings around the live houses in Tokyo. In terms of music, Ogawa greatly helped, and the director of the record company is in charge of management such as deciding to appear in a live house.
I continue to transport manuscripts. The number of transporters has been reduced to twelve. busy. After the deepening of autumn, twelve people were exhausted in a series of big incidents. The Diet began in December, and the session was extended beyond 150 days.
Even when there are plenty of transporters, during the Diet session, I work for three or four days. You have to go back and forth between the Kisha club and the company's political desk many times a day. There are only twelve people in all, so I stayed at the office for days.
After the Diet, there was a strike. The reporter makes a manuscript of the mediation movement every moment. Take it back to the company and return to the dragonfly. And when the strike was over, spring had come.
April rain and May wind. And the arrival of plums in June. Time flies away. Miyo was a little free. I went on a day trip touring with Ogawa every time I took a day off. On the day when the circuits of Fuji, Tsukuba, and Suzuka will be open to the public in general sports driving, they will go touring to imitate road racing.
I thought I should take a little break. But if you want to take a break, it's summer. Besides, by the summer, we have to make some money. I'm planning to go touring with Miyo for days, so I need to prepare the funds for that. I kept working.
When various things happened around me, centering on work, all of them flew away to the other side, entwined with time. The only thing I can say clearly is that I never got bored in that situation.
[# 7 indentation] [# middle heading] 19 [# "19" is tate-chu-yoko] [# middle heading end]
Nami's full month is July. Twenty-five days is the scheduled date. I went to Kyoto with Ogawa from the beginning of June. It's for recording. In a new studio in Kyoto, 11 songs to be recorded on LP will be recorded by the end of the month. It is said that he stays with the musicians who work as backers and lives together.
At the beginning of July, I got a call from Nami in Kyoto. I got up from work at 6 o'clock in the evening and was at home. Miyo was also by my side. The busyness of her company has subsided.
Nami was crying on the phone. I try to ask why I cry, but I don't get the point. There are two more songs left in the recording, and those two songs don't work. It's Keiichi Ogawa's fault that doesn't work. I managed to find out.
"Come. Come soon."
Nami is crying.
Miyo steadily comforted her. After talking on the phone for an hour or so, Miyo closed the mouthpiece and said to me.
"Come and cry. Tell me. I'm getting hungry and my mental state is unstable."
"You preach to Ogawa."
"I haven't gone somewhere. Tell me."
Miyo was not able to reply,
"It's okay, Koo is telling me to go."
I promised.
Miyo constantly says, please tell me. Tomorrow, I went to AJE's headquarters instead of the news agency on site and negotiated whether I could take a summer vacation early. It's no good because you have to take into account the rotation of all the transporters.
If you wanted to take a day off for four or five days, then you would like me to take a leave of absence. When I responded to that, I asked him to retire rather than take leave. It would be inconvenient if other transporters knew that it was a leave of absence to take a day off.
Maybe I should have taken a rest without permission with just one phone call. The way I talked about it was terrible. I have retired. He also said that he would hire him whenever he wanted to work, and he was asked to fill out the necessary information on a single form called the in-house fixed form. It's a mysterious company.
Kawasaki has been put out for maintenance in preparation for the summer. The prestigious factory used in the Eikou Road Race Club has taken care of the maintenance. Other motorcycles include the Ogawa Honda CB400 Fore * [# Roman numeral 2, 1-13-22] and the Yamaha RD250 that Miyo has borrowed. I stopped both.
Ogawa decided to go to Kyoto with the Celica of Mari Nakahara, who left it in the garage. He invited Miyo, but said he couldn't leave Tokyo yet.
"Summer holidays are something I want to take for a long time. I have to make adjustments within the company department."
I called Mari Nakahara to get consent to use Celica. Mari said she wanted to go too.
"Today"
"Okay, always"
"Immediately"
"Where can you find it?"
"Come out on your own until the interchange"
"Are you in Tokyo?"
"so"
One day, I told Mari the name of the drive-in of Futakotamagawa << Futakotamagawa >>, which I met with Ogawa when I folded the mirror of the four wheels.
The drive-in was closed due to renovation. Mari was waiting, standing by a light truck unloading building materials.
The first word she said when she entered Celica was
"It's already summer!"
It was a surprising confirmation.
"It's the same clothes as last summer. Did you notice?"
"Zenzen"
"I want to think that it's the same summer, not the summer a year later. That's why I'm wearing the same clothes."
"I'm fooling myself."
"That's right. I wonder if it shouldn't be done."
"Don't mess with others."
"It feels like the correct answer. 95 points."
I laughed.
"Isn't it far from Kyoto?"
"Hey, Koo. By the way, it's been a year. I haven't seen him since last summer."
"I do not think so"
"that's right"
Mari explained the grounds.
"That's right. It's been a year."
"What have you been doing for a year?"
"Various, but I wasn't bored."
In the sheet, Mari turned to me. Make your eyes shine
"Hey, hey, how can I stay bored for a year?"
"There is no secret"
"I think so"
From the Tokyo interchange, we went up to the Tomei Expressway.
On the way, I drank coffee only once and ran to Kyoto. I was terribly tired.
The recording studio was on the southern edge of Kiyamachi. Behind a large old private house, Nami and musicians were staying in the front house. The studio is said to have been built by crushing the backyard and warehouse.
Nami seemed to have already subsided the conflict with Ogawa, sticking out her belly and being sullen.
"I have one more song left. It was just right. I'm dating. I've exposed myself with the ten songs I've done so far, and it's almost empty."
"Isn't there this?"
I pointed to Nami's belly.
"It's a lot bigger. It's a twin."
"I asked the doctor to listen with a stethoscope. The contents are alone. When I sleep, I skip the kick."
"What?"
"The baby inside kicks my belly out of it."
The stream was the same stream as usual.
"I put out too much. Then I got angry and started crying. When I wanted to change the way I sang about the other two songs, I said that I was going to change me to my favorite woman, Nami Was angry. "
Ogawa explained the conflict with Nami like that.
"Don't put people in your taste. It's a game where you come out."
"I know, even if you don't tell me. What about Miyo?"
"I'm doing it as I like"
"Motorcycle?"
"Yup"
"I'll die"
"e?"
"I'm a genius when it comes to motorcycles. You're the kind of person you can't match at all."
"I know that"
"But I'll die"
"why?"
"For example, I was hit by a truck on a highway. My head was caught in the double tire on the rear wheel of the trailer, and one rotation of the tire cut my neck cleanly with mud. Both arms and legs. The torso with the "Ashi" rolled like a screw rod and was trampled one after another by the following cars. The head, which was still sandwiched between the double tires, was struck on the road surface. The skull is shattered, and blood and brain splatters. "
"Pessimism is poisonous to the body"
"Is it something like pessimism? It's just one of the possibilities."
"I will not regret"
"Hmm"
"Last summer, I seem to have fallen in love with my Kawasaki at a glance."
"It's luck"
"It's good to decide"
It is important to have a conversation with Keiichi Ogawa. I changed the topic.
I and Mari also decided to stay at the house next to the studio with everyone. And the last song was recorded the next day. I was listening to the result on a huge monitor in the studio. It was a very light, fluffy, slightly sentimental song. The back performance is taken at the same time as the song, not dubbed later. Uta, when the backing performance entered the ending, Nami laughed at it.
"Yup!"
Said the director.
"Let's put this laughter in. The last of the B side is good. It's a statement of my way of life, what is the laughter now?"
From the evening, a party was held at the main building "Omoya" to celebrate the completion of recording. Mari Nakahara played a central role. Many young musicians who are singing songs in Kyoto have come.
There was a phone call from Miyo at night.
"How?"
"It worked"
"I'm glad I was worried."
"Nothing"
"Kawasaki is ready!"
"It's early"
"I got up earlier than planned."
"Did you get it?"
"Yes. I said that there is no more W3 in Japan."
"What was wrong?"
"There seems to be nothing in particular. The sound was amazing."
"Are you holding it down?"
"No. It sounds better than before. It pops. Let's hear it on the garage phone."
Miyo is laughing.
"Kyoto is hot, isn't it?"
"hot"
"Tokyo is terrible. So hey, Koo, I have a request. Yeah, I want you to tell me."
"what is it"
"I want to ride this Kawasaki"
"Get on"
"I like it!"
"Goodness"
Even after getting a large driver's license, there were many chances to use Kawasaki for day trips. I had recommended it myself, but Miyo didn't ride it, saying that I would keep it until summer.
"I'm leaving early tomorrow morning. I'm going to the island."
"island?"
"My island"
Last summer, the strong and bright sun of that island where Miyo was waiting for me revived in my body.
"Let's go with me"
Unexpectedly, the voice bounced.
"What is your company?"
"That's right. I quit."
"Is it okay?"
"It's okay. It's okay. What about Nami's recording?"
"It's over. Yes, let's all take us to the island."
"Well, do it. I'll be out tomorrow morning. I'll be in time for the afternoon ferry without overdoing it."
"Let's meet at the port of Kasaoka"
"Can you come?"
I asked Nami and Ogawa for convenience. Everyone wanted to go when it came to Miyo's home island. Mari and the director will also go. However, the director said he would like to do the final touch tomorrow. We decided to leave the island for only one day.
I told it to Miyo.
"Go ahead and wait."
"Same as last year"
"Everyone wants to go"
"waiting"
"OK"
"Do you know how happy I am now?"
Miyo asked.
The party continued until late at night. The title of Nami's LP was decided in the fun of the party. After all it is "Sunshine Girls".
"Let's go to that island"
The director said with a smile on his face.
"I asked him to stay on the island even after his child was born, and as he did last year, he had him burned in black and used the close-up of his face for the LP jacket photo."
Everyone argued whether Nami's face could withstand ups. It was concluded that it was well tolerated. I made a toast to that conclusion.
In the summer sun in Setouchi, the small port in Kasaoka was showing the same appearance as I saw last year. The green is shining on the gentle low mountain just behind. The harbor is quiet. A small tanker of red rust sits still behind the concrete pier, Sanbashi, in a large and ridiculous manner.
"Wow, nice weather. The sun is different. I'm really happy."
Nami said, holding her hand over her face.
The five of us remained confined in one Celica from Kyoto. The joy that was unleashed in the sunshine of the sea was on everyone's face.
Ogawa came back from the port departure / arrival office with a smile. Walk to Celica, which is parked under the tree,
"It's enough, the high-speed boat will come back and leave the port. The ferry will be after that. Moreover, the high-speed boat will take 20 minutes and the ferry will take nearly 50 minutes. Celica left it to you, Hashimoto. . Let's go ahead with a high-speed boat. "
Everyone agreed with that opinion.
"Nah, Hashimoto. At this time, weigh Celica and come by ferry."
I have no choice but to accept it. Meanwhile, a high-speed craft came in. Everyone bought a ticket, flirted and boarded. Immediately, it's time to leave the port. Once retracted, a stream came out at the door of the high-speed craft and grinned. The boat left the pier. It disappeared immediately.
The ferry No. 5 Kikumaru I got on was the same as last year. There was a deck member of the same salt and pepper head. Bringing Celica to the island doesn't help at all. The ferry departed with only one Celica on board. Besides me, there were several customers.
I suddenly came up with the idea, and asked the deck crew if I had a motorcycle yesterday.
"Motorcycle? Oh, thank you. One. It's big, but you can't ride it on the island."
The sea shines in the summer sun. The scent of the tide permeates the whole body. The heat of the sun is sucked into the naked upper body. Sweat runs down. Looking at the various ships going and going in the distance and close, I remembered the feeling of joy rising from the bottom of my body.
Fortunately, the body became lighter. At the same time, time began to stop slowly. All you have to do is stay in the sun on the island throughout the summer. I don't need time. If you stop, that's fine. In the middle of the route, which was less than fifty minutes, my time was completely stopped.
The island was visible. Slowly but surely, the ferry closes the distance to the island. The harbor begins to be clearly visible. At the end of the breakwater, there is a small lighthouse of that red brick, Akarenga.
Some people walk along the breakwater towards the lighthouse. My heart is throbbing for no reason.
There was Miyo leaning against the red brick of the lighthouse. A pair of skirts wrapped around a leotard. Laughing and waving.
When the ferry went around the tip of the breakwater, Miyo raised his voice.
"Everyone is coming. I'm at home."
The ferry arrived at the high tide port. The same semi-shigure as last year is full in the hot air. I gave Celica to the harbor.
"It seems that there is no other choice but to stop there."
Miyo pointed to the edge of the harbor square that was in contact with the sea. I put Celica between the bicycle and the Hijet.
The two of us walked to Miyo's house.
"Same, last year"
"No way. It should be better than last year."
"How was Kawasaki?"
"Already the best"
Everyone was at Miyo's house.
"Take a picture"
Ogawa had a single-lens reflex camera attached to a tripod in front of the porch.
"I use it in color on the back of the jacket."
The director explained.
The afternoon sun hits the porch of the two blinds in Miyo's house. Towards the porch, far behind the garden, Ogawa set up a tripod.
I looked into the finder. It is a telephoto lens of 85 [# "85" is tate-chu-yoko] mm. The composition is just right. Nami sat beside the blind, the director lifted the blind and stood on the porch, and Miyo's parents sat under the blind. Mari Nakahara is on the far right.
"By the way, let's add Kawasaki."
Ogawa told me, Miyo pushed Kawasaki to the big stone stepping stone in front of the porch.
"Straddle"
Ogawa looked through the finder.
"I'm crouching on that stone, so Hashimoto, you stand next to Mari."
Once again, I looked through the finder. It's a good composition. The morning glory vine is entwined with the black board wall, the old signboard of "Zutsuu Haita Nautica", and the thin bamboo that stands diagonally from the ground toward the board wall. The leaves are beautiful green, and the flowers that are now crumpled in the sun are pretty pink.
The summer sun is shining on everyone and everything. I rolled up the film
"OK, I'll take a picture."
I raised my voice.
The self-timer was set to look through the finder again, and I told Ogawa.
"What will start from this commemorative photo?"
"Don't ask people about that."
I pressed the shutter. To everyone laughing, I and Ogawa ran across the garden.
Bottom book: "His motorcycle, her island" Kadokawa Bunko, Kadokawa Shoten
First edition issued on May 20, 1980 (Showa 55)
Published 40th edition on February 30, 1990 (Heisei 2)
Parent of the bottom book: "His Motorbike, Her Island" Kadokawa Shoten
August 30, 1977 (Showa 52)
* The bottom book is a large scale of "ga" (ward number 5-86) used for counting things and place names.
Input: Masayasu Takahashi
Calibration: Ryuzo
Created June 13, 2017
Aozora Bunko Recording File:
This file is recorded in the Internet library, Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/) at the will of the copyright holder.
This work is licensed under Creative Commons "Attribution-NonCommercial-No Modification 2.1 Japan". Please refer to http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/2.1/jp/ for terms of use.
