Gansakakoshi
Koda Rohan

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Koshu << Koshu >>

｜: Symbol of the boundary between kanji without ruby and kanji with ruby
(Example) Koshu ｜ Ura Kaido 《Urakaidou》

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Numbers are JIS X 0213 area area number, base page and number of lines)
(Example) * [# "Za + Ritto", Level 3 1-14-62, 52-2]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

Part 1

This is a village called Kamawabara in Higashi-Yamanashi, upstream of the Fuefuki River in Koshu, and there are no rubbing houses. It's a new place. The back is a mountain continuation of the whole area, and the peak street is just like Koorizakai with Nishiyamanashi, so of course Kikori Even the hunter and the hunter are stepping on the steep land of the slope that can't be helped, and the front is the Fuefuki that flows from north to south. The opposite bank beyond the lowland of the river is also a series of mountains. And if you want to see the upstream from this village, it's not that it's high because it's the upstream one, but the terrifying high mountains are so high that it seems to be in the heavens. In the state of being struggling with a cuckoo that looks like you are deliberately shrugging your neck, who is that Japanese land? If you don't show it, it looks like you're a nasty singer. Beyond that terrifying mountain line is Musashi's country, and this country's worth is as if the traffic is gone. is there. In the olden days, "Once upon a time" was still called "Gansakakoshi", and sometimes people went to Musashi over the mountain, so I still wrote it as if there was a road on a mysterious map. There is also. However, if you go up the river from this Kamawahara, you will find the lower Kamaguchi, Kamagawa, and the upper Kamaguchi, which are dead ends. Since it will end up, there is no way to go anywhere anymore, so when I crossed the river and went out to the east bank, I went down the river, or Kawaura. There is no road other than the road that goes eastward from the village called "Kamaguchi" to Koshu | Urakaidou, so now there is actually no road for Gansakakoshi. It is better to say. In this way, the three sides are blocked by mountains, but if you go downstream, Yamaai gradually becomes wide and the river becomes thick. Then, the villages became lively, and finally we went out to Koshu Kaido, and then we arrived at Kofu, the city of Kaiichi. It is no wonder that the water of the Fuefuki River runs south to south, and people in these villages think that it is Kofu Kofu.
It goes without saying that Kamawahara is such a place, so it's a lonely place, but it's still better than the nearby villages, and the two or three villages on the river that I mentioned earlier are Not to mention, all the villages downstream from this village are not as good as this village, so there is also one 肆 to sell things in this village. If there are two eaves, there are a few houses that are said to be possessed.
There are only thirteen boys who came to the entrance of this village from upstream. It is said that the old cloth child "Furunu no Ko" full of "terrible" and "terrible" key cracks "Kagizaki" in the remote mountainous area "Sankan Hekichi", and also the boy "Bo" is an adult. Wearing a short hem, a short hem, a short hem, and a dirty, rotten, and rotten skin on your bare skin, Maruki, whose identity is somehow unknown. Although it is long for the cane and short for the balance pole, it looks like the emptiness of the Gogo barrel, but the skin of the tree is roped. I tied it up and tied it up, and carried it on, and it wasn't the hot summer sun, so it wasn't a good thing. Ri-Hair "Gami" -It's like Kintaro, which isn't red, and it's like a walking stick.
Then, although it is near the road, there is a mulberry in the place where it is "avalanche" toward the river. In the lower part of the river, a girl named 134, who is a remote girl, can see red and blue songs from a distance only when she is a lonely girl. Dressed up as a crossing, with a small basket in one hand, the mulberry leaves are picked with a pure, high-pitched voice, even though the knots are chicks. I was singing a song while watching it, and even now there is one person

[# Indent 3 characters from here]
I'm the mulberry picker "Nushi" A * [# "Za + Ritto", 3rd level 1-14-62, 52-2] "Kiza" Manse, Spring silkworm "Harugo" If you do, two people will wear it.
[# End of indentation here]

When I finished chanting, another person screamed and

[# Indent 3 characters from here]
Mulberry was picked and picked, and Hanaraku "Miyako" and "Joroshu" were also picked.
[# End of indentation here]

However, the voice was clearer than the previous voice, and the sound of Kawase of the Fuefuki River, which always rang, was often heard by human ears. It was so much that I had to pay it off.
When I heard this, the boy who sent me in a hurry quickly slowed down, and when I walked around while looking at the voice, the girl's child I laughed at something, but I don't think even the viewers would notice it, but the mulberry leaves flickered in red or blue. It seemed that he picked the leaves without hesitation, and it was quiet for a while, but with a different voice from the previous two.

[# Indent 3 characters from here]
The mulberry was picked and the treetops were tall,
[# End of indentation here]

But this voice wasn't as innocent and beautiful as before. Then, the boy in Konata's dirty clothes, who heard this, was unfriendly and lonely, despite the fact that his eyes and nose were not bad. On his face, he showed a slightly ridiculous laugh "straw". The singer, Nushi, has no way of knowing this, so he immediately continued.

[# Indent 3 characters from here]
Who will bear it and pick it up.
[# End of indentation here]

I finished singing, but this boy also went out with Yajiuma with a voice just for the last phrase to pick up, so the singer was surprised. Seeing through this, it seems to be seen, and eventually with a loud voice with a laugh.
"It's Genzo-san, it seems to be hatred."
While giving the word "word" that I don't know who said, I really went away from the field "hatake" to the lotus leaf, and then turned around and beckoned.
"Speaking of Genzo, Nami-san. You should come out early. Hoho, because we are there, I'm afraid. This person is still strange. "
It was a somewhat sarcastic woman who was ridiculed.
Genzo is one-sided |
"What are you talking about, take care of yourself."
In my mouth, I abandoned it and tried to go too far again. The voice of the very first song from the field
"What's up, Chika-san and Genzo-san are entrusted to play with me. I and you just have to take care of Onami-san without burning. Come here. Take more. "
To say a little scolding, Gimi,
"High, high, reasonably". "
While playing with him, he goes into the field again to pick up mulberries. On the other hand, what appeared in Xu Shizuka was Benikke, a kimono of Meisen, a very coarse stripe with a lot of purple threads. It is a cute little girl who tightened the band of Touchirimen, which is quite a lot of muslin, and wondered if it was the same year as Genzo or even one.
Genzo was walking around, but at this time he suddenly looked back, just as the bug had informed him. Immediately, the innocent laughter overflowed on the faces of the two, and the daughter's step became a little faster, and Genzo's step became big. It was late to "cover". Eventually, my daughter was on the road--even though it was a road, the thread was filled with grass from both sides, leaving only the footsteps of people. I went out to a road about the size of a cousin, and left the narrow road with Genzo on my shoulders. At that time, the voice of the song that arose again from the field that was a little far away

[# Indent 3 characters from here]
I'm the mulberry picker * [# "Za + Ritto", 3rd level 1-14-62, 55-3] Manse, Spring silkworms can be worn by two people.
[# End of indentation here]

I sent them to their ears to chase after the phrase. There was no doubt that it was a voice close to me, and it seemed that I intentionally sang it with the intention of letting them hear it.

Part 2

"I didn't come to this village."
And, it's a wandering thing to talk with a porch on the high side of the porch, which is shining in the shallow sunlight, because this house is a house of wandering. is there. Onami's house is one of the best assets of Yubiori in the village, but unfortunately there are few family members, and now he is only with Onami and his mother. Because there are servants, there are also men and women who are servants, and men and women come and go, so it is lively in the morning and evening, but they go out to work during the day. Because there is, it is very quiet because the mother of the wandering is just left. In particular, when I saw my mother bring back Genzo Onami, I was a little away from her because I was going around for a while. I went out to watch the sericulture farm "Yosanjo" that was built, so there are two people who are not old in this large house. It's a carefree thing only in the mountainous countryside of Yamaai, which only comes around a few times a month, and the two are playing casually. However, the reason why I don't go up to the house with myself instead of trying to make a cup of tea if I don't say it's up is probably because of the peace of mind of the countryside. After all, it is probably from the place where the adult country girl is still a kid.
Genzo was forced to sit on a dog that was a little too high to hang his hips, probably because his legs were tired because he had walked down the road. While moving both legs that do not reach the ground because of it, step on the head of a large white dog that is just below the sun and lightly. I see it by touching it like a kick. The light of the sun is just below the chest of the two, but because they are close to the sun, their faces are lightly red, and Genzo is especially special. Looks beautiful.
"Yeah, that's right, I just didn't come on the 5th and 6th."
Genzo replied calmly to the words of the wandering.
"I thought it was something like that, I thought I couldn't see it for a very long time. And today, I'm sure I'll buy sake again."
"Oh yeah, I'm going to be a bummer. On the 56th day, my body was bad and I just woke up with tantrums, hitting me and hitting me. Instead of doing that, I didn't have to use it to buy sake, but since I've already healed, it'll be every day from today. I was sent to buy only two of them, and on a difficult day, it shouldn't be so bad, most of the time I drank it on the way, it seems that my face is red. It's hard to say that it's a bruise, but it doesn't really make you swear. "
"I don't really hate you. Oh, there's an elongated bruise on your neck. When you hit it, it seems to hurt."
However, when I stopped by the side and touched Genzo's garment "Eri" with a beautiful "beautiful" finger, Genzo said that he wanted to tickle his neck. While shrinking and blocking obstacles
"It's okay. It doesn't hurt now, but it hurt when I was struck, because it's the guy who bends well on the fishing rod of the bamboo strip. It was a puffy thing to do. The day before yesterday was "Sakiototoi", but I was ordered to catch it because I wanted to eat raw "raw" fish. It was a bad day when the wind blew and made noise, but I thought I wouldn't be able to catch it, but I was scolded for being stupid, so I said high. I went fishing, but I couldn't catch it because the day was bad. I broke my bones until the evening and went to and from the middle of the river so much that the soles of my feet hurt. However, when I finally got home without catching one fish, I was angry and angry. "Ayu" and mountains * [# "Fish hen + complete", 4th level 2-93-48, 58-7] Even if you can't catch "Yamame", there are some people who can't catch the small fish "Zako". I guess I just played around with this food, crushed it, crushed it, and got rid of it. I was hit by a slant. It hurt as much as I thought it was cut, but when I got absorbed in it and ran away, my uncle just came back, so that was all I had to do. Then, later, I told my uncle that Genzo was a really cute child, and I couldn't eat rice because I had a bad mouth on the bloody path. If so, let's catch some fish and make it a vegetable. Until now, I was fishing with a cloud, and I was unlucky and Ippiki. I couldn't catch it, but I told him to do it even if I thought it was good, but I hated it and didn't hate it. That's fine, but I'm angry that it's said to eat up. When I asked Chorokujijii, who was the last day, how many towns I walked around my mountain and my uncle should have kept it, so I'm sorry. Isn't there a thing about eating up? Even though it's a lot of work for the house, it's true that it's said to be sloppy. Your mother, Oka, stopped me from trying to serve in Kofu because I ran away to Kofu, but the truth is, it's better to go out to the other side to serve. I don't know. Oh, I don't want to stay at home, I don't want to stay. "
However, I gazed at the soft blue heavens, which had no clouds but somehow opaque whiteness. I've heard from a long time ago that an unhappy child who lost his parents, Chichiha, was told by his aunt who was terrible. I knew it, and since I heard the story like it is now, I was a little tearful and stunned, and I looked at the empty ground and didn't move. There was. It's a cheerful and cheerful season, but it's quiet for a while, and a big bear bee around the pomegranate tree in the corner of the garden. I heard that》 was making a humming sound.

Part 3

Genzo, who was staring at the heavens, which he could only see with his eyes but had no address, while entwining his small heart with various thoughts, suddenly. I found a poultry that I didn't know what kind of poultry it was, and it flew high and high to the extent that I could see or not see it.
"I like birds."
"Ume" began to moan.
"Eh."
While saying that, Genzo raised his eyes and looked at the direction of his eyes, and when he saw the birds flying, he immediately realized his intention. Did I not be able to withstand it? * [# "Sanzui + Gen", 3rd level 1-86-62, 60-10] I fell in tears as "Genzen". And Genzo grabbed the tip of his shoulder and caught it.
"You are thinking of going to Kofu again."
He said with a grudge, and in the tone of the word, which was like a basket of oppression that he wouldn't let him do that a little.
Genzo was a little sloppy,
"Well, the fact that you can't go to Kofu without darkness is well understood in your mother's story, so that's what you mean. I don't think so, but I'm sorry to say that I'm at home and eat up and eat up, so I'm sorry for my uncle, but I can go anywhere and any kind of spicy Even if I think about it, I want to play a spicy stick and get ahead even if it's a little. I'm a sissy, a sissy, everyone says, but I'm a boy, I'm being tampered with. I don't know if it was just there. "
Although it is a gentle word that does not seem to be the opposite of the meaning of "people", "Mijin" is also a false "when" and there is no "ge" in the heart. He talked about "Uchi".
There, even though they were close to each other, the question and answer of one article began immediately between the two people who had different directions of their hearts.
"If you go anywhere and play a stick, then you should go to Kofu."
Onami said, and for a while he was silent and looked at Genzo's face, but when he saw Genzo not answering anything,
"Look at that, you probably thought you'd do that. You also like the quality of things, so you often drink two cups of sake from Kamakawa. It's used by a terrible aunt who goes to buy this Kamawahara, which has a village, and you can see it hit with a fishing rod. It may be spicy or spicy, or it may be regrettable, but I don't mind trying to escape like the other day. Even at night, I was surprised. No matter how terrible my aunt was, she ran away in the snow and went out to Kofu without even knowing my house. I thought I was going to serve, so I thought I was going to pass through this village softly even though it was nighttime. My mother, Oka, was Yosoji. I was invited to Mr. Souji, and on the way back, I just collided with him, so I was immediately found and stopped, but later my mother, Mr. Oka. According to the story, no matter how much you go down, it's a road that is close to 10 ri to Kofu, and even though you don't have any food preparation at night, it's a shame to go in the snow without any preparation. Even if it looks like a rod, it's really a child, and I don't know what would have happened if I hadn't stopped, and it's scary to remember. It wasn't that much. If there wasn't a contractor who said that he wanted to serve, he wouldn't leave it in a good house, and others wouldn't leave it. If you go out into the water, there is no one who thinks that this child is "poor" because of this reason. So even if you go out to another country and have a hard time, that's it. If you don't follow the directions, you'll just be wandering around here and there, and you'll just have a painful thought about waste, and in the meantime, you'll have wisdom that isn't a goblin. I don't like going out to the wider world so darkly because I tend to stick to it. Gen-san may be spicy, but if he's a little more spicy, I'll do something about it. I think you should know what my mother, Oka, was talking about because I talked about it after that time. D. Even so, if you still have a chance, do you think you're going to do something like a gunless gun? "
And the age "Toshi" said that he had only a woman as much as he did, but at the end of the word, "Hashihashi" was also the "Riko" of this woman, and raised this child. It also appeared that she was a wise and wise woman of her mother.
Genzo was listening with his neck hanging down,
"I was crazy about it at that time, and at that time my mother," Old Man, "told me a lot, so I wouldn't think of anything dark after that. Yo, but ne, "
That said, it was a stagnation.
"But what's wrong? Oh, I'm not going to listen to what my mother, the old man, says."
"Well, what's not, but ..."
"Look, that's not the case, but the latter word," doesn't come out. "
“…………”
"Hey, hey, I can't say I've got a sword. Even if you're secret to us, you're hungry, so one day you won't take care of anyone. I'm thinking of becoming a good one by myself. It's the same even if I scoop my head. "
"It's not really the case."
"Yeah, I can't say anything. I know you're Churn. Then you're not that much, nothing to tell us your aunt, Itsukiguchi. You don't have to be so secret, you don't have to stand up. You weren't like this, but you're becoming a terrible person. I'm trying to push through my own way with "Oshito", but you're really a bad person, a scary person. But unfortunately, I'm home. 》 Mother 《Old man》 is looking at your feelings, and many people say that, so no matter how much you decide to go to Kofu, that's not the case. There is no road from you to Kofu other than both banks of the Fuefuki River, and one or two people are looking at that road so as not to let you do anything dark. I'm not a person, so I don't get what you want. I think it's good for you to do this for my mother, "Old man". There was a story about the body. Even so, when I saw a bird and said the German word "one by one", it wasn't so much. "
"Maku" and still suppress what the wandering says, "Osa",
"Okay, I know I didn't say that much. I wouldn't want to run away in the dark."
And block it.
"Oh, I'm still liar to my stubbornness. If you know that much, why do you like birds? I don't have it. "
And squeeze. Genzo, who does not have a kiln even if he is in need
"Well, I just said that because I thought I would be happy if I was free. I think Nami-chan would be happy if she was free like that bird."
When I said that, Onami cried again and did not answer the word "it".
"That's right. You still don't know how I'm the mother of my family, Oka, and I don't know what you're thinking for. The truth is, you're true. I'm just thinking about myself, and I don't care if I don't have the kindness of other people. Mostly, if we weren't there, you'd be free. I'm sure I'm happy, but I'm not so happy about it. My mother, "Old man," is very worried about you. After a while, he talks to your uncle and tells you not to do anything wrong for you, so it may be painful, but don't give up that feeling for a while. I have to be patient. "
Genzo became a horror while being invited by the true feeling of Toshimijimi.
"Because I'm a boy, I want to get ahead by myself."
While showing the sad color of the difference between what he thought and what he thought, he said honestly and stubbornly. Its appearance was as if it were a child, and it was an adult's loneliness.
Onami was surprised when he heard the words that had a strong heart, and he was surprised and gazed at his eyes.
"How about being alone?"
I asked, but there was no reply, so soon again
"Then don't take care of anyone."
And quality, Genzo seems to have no art, and at the same time, he has a face that begs for mercy and forgiveness. Then, I made a slight "nod" to the point. The inside of Genzo's belly couldn't be kept secret, and he came to this point to reveal the true nature of his stepchildren. However, even if I have this kind of stigma at the bottom of my stomach, I feel very uncomfortable to be defeated by people's favors. This is one of the gentle qualities of Genzo, or no, this is the original beautiful qualities of Genzo, and it is not that Genzo is good at relying on anyone. I wonder if one corner of the world was struck by the circumstances and developed into a relatively "scratch" compared to the other parts.
Now that Onami has clearly read Genzo's true intentions, Genzo's heart, which he thinks so much about himself and his parents, is also a sleeve in the back of his chest. The strength is grievous, and it is sad that I feel lonely at Genzo, so the color of sorrow is eye-catching. Float in the middle,
"Then I don't mean to take care of my mother, the old man. D. Well, I'm scared. Nee, something that doesn't seem to be so strong. You don't have to. Then, even if we weren't going to Kofu, we could cross the Karisaka Tunnel and go to Tokyo, because we were so enthusiastic that we were surprised. "
I said. Then, when Genzo heard this, he was shocked and showed the color of his unsecret anxiety. That is, the word "word" that Onami said was "guzen" by chance, but Genzo crossed the terrifying Gansaka after trying to escape to Kofu and did not try to "heart". I've tried to go to Tokyo more than once, but twice, so I don't think Onami knows that, but I've crossed Ganzaka and so on. I was struck by the word "Kajika", so I was surprised to find that I was suddenly shot with a sharp arrow in the middle of my chest. ..
Because Genzo is a place that neither the wandering nor the wandering mother can tell, of course, the secret that he has in his own pocket without telling anyone is this. After losing his parents, Genzo became a nuisance to his current house due to his aunt's uncle, so of course he left some fortunes, even if it was a nuisance. It wasn't that it was a nuisance because I was eating, so if my aunt loved me there, my uncle would love me, but unfortunately my aunt died of illness. Eventually, my aunt brought me from somewhere, and although my uncle still loves Genzo, my uncle's second wife is uncle Genzo. Since it is extremely difficult, Genzo finally escaped to Kofu and tried to serve, and he came up with a clever thing that didn't suit the children in the mountains, and he was already able to endure it. When he suffered from uncle abuse, he started running crazy. However, the mother of Onami, who was a good friend from Genzo and elementary school, was a friend of Genzo's deceased aunt and sister, so I was in the same relationship. Genzo, who was close to me but was a nephew and a good friend of my daughter, was terrible for a dirty woman with a history of "Rireki". I couldn't stand the sympathy when I saw that I was met with my eyes, and I just jumped into the whirlpool of Ukiyo in the non-darkness method. I met Genzo, so for the time being, I stopped the eccentric behavior, and even if I stepped into the big one, this was the case. I wanted to make a pitiful child into a person without putting on a dangerous road, and my daughter's nami just somehow liked Genzo again, and that pity I will also be kind to this because I think that the "merciful" situation is a poison of my "ki". Because of these circumstances, it is difficult for Genzo to dare to "go out to Kofu and live in a servant", which he believes is his only good idea for "Yuiitsu". From the desire to leave an uninteresting house as soon as possible and jump out into the world, I feel that I am happy with the kindness of my parents and children, but I feel that I am grateful for it. Of course, no matter how much the parents and children are watching the road, it is not so difficult to go through the eyes and go out to Kofu, but since it is originally gentle, it is a sissy sissy and others. Genzo, who was said to be "children" such as children of "others", cannot get out of them by passing by the kind wandering parent and child's house. It was. However, I don't want to stay at home, I want to get ahead, I can't help thinking that I should go to the indentured servant. From the discourse "Hanashi", I finally got the idea to cross the Karisaka and go to Tokyo.
Of course, Tokyo is better than Kofu. If you go over the Ganzaka and follow the water over the pass, and go down as far as you can, the river will become the Sumida River, which runs through Tokyo, so you will naturally go to Tokyo. I had heard that I was going to go, so I thought that I should go over anything, and one morning in the previous month | I called it. However, if the child's thoughts aren't enough, he's weak, so he didn't prepare food, so he didn't go half way to the climax. I can't put up with patience because I usually walk with the "intuition" of "approximate" where the human traces are gone, not to mention the roads that are wilting. I'm scared, and when I'm scared, I'm sad. Finally, I'm about to die with my eyes dented, and when I go home, I'm secretly in the corner of the storeroom for three hours. He healed the fatigue. So, on the 45th day, I wanted to see the mountain of Karisaka, and I was saddened in the ears that I couldn't cross that mountain. As I was standing, I gradually heard people's discourses and something, so I gradually gained knowledge about crossing the Karisaka. Then, the courage came out again, and less than a ri after leaving the house, I climbed the Kawazoe of the Fuefuki River, and then I went to the waist of Minedoo on my right hand. If you gradually climb up to "Mystery", that is the boundary between Koshu and Fuefuki, and then go down along the ridge running to Tohoku, and finally one stream. If you go along the flow to meet "Nagare", Otakimura "Otakimura", until then it was an uninhabited land of about 6 ri, but after that it seems that it is an easy way to go even blind I wanted to see the mountains of Ganzaka in the morning and evening, hoping that I could cross the mountain pass, and I liked it as if it was a paradise over there.
Then my uncle was a mountain | * [# "Mountain" in "Toge" is "Tehen", 3rd level 1-84-76, 72-5] It was one night. While I was rubbing my aunt's shoulders, I came to Oita at night, so Genzo fell asleep. When I slept, I was given a terrifying smashing of a smoke tube. So I took the plunge again the next morning, and this time I prepared a lot of meals, and I got a little bit of money from my uncle. I secretly took out what I had left, made the preparation of my feet strict, and made a complete preparation, and went up the river with Kamakawa behind me. Eventually, when a small village came, I had to take a look at the Fuefuki River, which I had been seeing and hearing from here and there, and I had been seeing and hearing it day and night. I went to a place called Nu. There, the age is not so good, but Genzo feels lonely, so take a rest on the rock near the river, * [# "Leather + Hall", 3rd level. 1-93-80, 72-14] While watching the state of the flowing water with the leather, I was filled with a kind of thought that I didn't know how to name. Then, it seems that you can hear the human voice out of nowhere, so Genzo, who was surprised to hear the human voice in such a place where people do not pass, was surprised once, but listened. When I heard that, the voice that gradually approached from above was the voice of my uncle, unexpectedly and unexpectedly. There, Genzo hides himself while he is opening a small rock that is separated from the river by a few. When I was hiding, it seemed like I was sitting down and resting just before my rest, and I was talking. All of my uncle's uncle, and the one who responds to it is Hirai's uncle's subordinate. * [# "Mountain" in "Toge" is "Tehen" , Level 3 1-84-76, 73-8] He was from a village called Kosuke. It's hard to hear because it's mixed with the sound of the river and the voice, but since I heard my name in the story, I thought I shouldn't miss it. When I listened to it, he said, "Hey Kosuke, because it's a fortune that isn't enough to adopt, I don't even know the spirit of the nephew of the grave recommended by the grave. Rather, I'm going to use the ones that I had in Genzo, who are good at the natural gifts, in the rebellion, and I'm going to send them to everyone. That's why I think it's okay to let my grave fall into the grass when I'm dead. The bloodline is closed to the nephew in front of me. There is nothing to do with him, but Genzo is so cute, and when he goes home, he says he is an uncle and uncle, and he solves the straw shoes and cleans the mud on his feet. I'm glad that they take care of me and take care of me. I've never had a child, but I think that's the same. So, now, * [# "Toge" "Yamahen" is "Tehen", level 3 1-84-76, 74-3] There are times when you can just eat it, but you are still good at adopting "happiness". The body is a nephew, but in this way * [# "Mountain" of "Toge" is "Tehen", 3rd level 1-84-76, 74-4 ] I'm working for Yamakata, because I'm going to postpone this to everyone, even a little, and give it to Genzo to please him. Today, I'm going home for the first time in 34 days, and my uncle and uncle are smiling. Let's see his face, and let's go out if we take another break. " Then I left. When Genzo heard this, he began to cry, but he broke out from between the rocks and the rocks, and stared at the bottom of the stream. I was looking at it, but when I happened to see the back of my hand, which had shed tears from the weir, I found a trace of the smoke tube of last night. Hiddenly appeared in blue as "Inin". Genzo, who shook his head and head with or without seeing it, stared at the mountain of Karisaka, which was covered with long white clouds, and took a stab at Yamate. I went up to. However, in an instant, one step slower than one step, and eventually it became loose as if it had stopped, and it was inadvertently destoned. Since I stepped on the tip of my nails, I slipped on it, slipped on it, staggered, and swung around without even thinking about it. I fell down, but I couldn't get up right away, so I first struck my hand on the ground and raised my upper body, and when I saw it, my village was just my eyes. Was in front of. Then, what did Genzo feel? He dropped tears like a waterfall, and finally he sighed and cried, and he didn't stop, but he cried and cried. I stood up with a dragon bell on the end of my tears, and threw away the large rice bowl that I had attached to my back. I pointed to my family and went home. And I worked as faithfully as I could, and when I saw my uncle pleased with my behavior, I was so pleased that I even forgot about my aunt's cruelty. It was. So I had tried to burp Sakakoshi twice, but until today I hadn't even burped.
What you love well is just something you understand well. There is no way to hear from anyone about the secret that Genzo is fond of, but Onami happened to be in the middle of it. However, Genzo keeps my secret as a secret, interrupts the conversation with Onami to a good degree, and is scolded again if he comes home too late. Under the pretext of "Kara", I hurriedly bought sake at the liquor store "Sakaya", and broke up with the wandering who brought me to the end of the village, and flew back to my village. ..

Part 4

Just that day, it was a substitute for the barrel, and although it was different from the mouth of the previous barrel, it was made in the same land with the same price, and the quality was When I heard the greeting from the liquor store Sakaya that it was a little good, I wondered if it would become a seed for the rebuke. 》 Not a big deal, and also salt 《Shio》 sentence ※ [# “Shinnyu” of “Haruka” is “fish”, 4th level 2-93-69, 76-5] 《Tobi》 Although it was a command "good luck", Genzo who had a devil's womb "fear" who bought the recommended salt mackerel "Shiosaba" instead because it was not there, When I straddle the threshold of the house with a jumpy thing and talk about this via, my aunt's face becomes scary to see, and the salt mackerel * [# "Takekanmuri + 擇", Auxiliary 5092, 76-8] As soon as I got the wrapping "Kawazutsu", I struck Genzo on "Ina" and still "Sanzan".
No matter what you hit, there can't be anything that is good to be hit, but the evil nose of a salt fish that doesn't see the fire, let alone the rotten salt mackerel of the mountain village, seems to have begun to fall. Nah--the guy's * [# "bamboo kanmuri + 擇", auxiliary 5092, 76-10] can be struck by force, neither eyes nor nose, so be patient. It's not a translation. First of all * [# "Bamboo Kanmuri + Face", Auxiliary 5092, 76-12] "Takenokawa" is split into several "Ikusuji", and it can be split, but it can still be hit * [# "Bamboo Kanmuri + Face", Auxiliary 5092, 76-12] The tingling of the crevice of "Kawa" feels like a baldness, so it is a very shallow flaw, but Matsuba Even with "Matsuba", slight scratches "scratches" are attached to the face as if they were scattered. There is saltiness, madness, and fish meat that bursts and flies to the forehead, no. It seems like a nasty mess that can't even be seen, and what my aunt does is like madness. Of course, Genzo was a tie-up with his ex-wife, and he was very fond of his husband, Aruji, so he adopted him here, and for his living condition, Yamabayashi. My nephew, who wants to take over a lot of assets such as Yama, can't enter here, so I hate him, but one Maybe it's because of the brutal nature of this woman, or the women who despised the laws of nature by dealing with many men, etc. When Toshio loses the role of a woman, when he comes to Koro, he wants to have a strange heart, which makes him irritated or terrible. So, maybe because this woman was also at the time of those times, no matter how much she didn't like what Genzo did, it was a very unusual blame. Is.
At first, I gave up and was struck because there was no help for it. The second time I was struck thinking that I was merciless. When it was the third time and the fourth time, I was struck with a feeling of regret. After that, I felt like I was dead and was struck, but while I was being struck forever, Ikari, who couldn't get in the way of my house, suddenly became a bone. Since it came from the "Honebone" and the "Fushibushi", when Genzo tried to resist, it seemed that his breath had run out. My aunt threw me away. There, Genzo, without resistance, forgot about himself and retreated and prostrated, but he was no longer dead, almost completely dead, and had no tears in his eyes.
Genzo couldn't sleep that night, but even so, the boy's innocence turned him into Akatsukigata and made him a trolley. By the way, eyes * [# "eyes + tun", assistance 4556, 78-5] "Madoro" When I wake up early in the morning, I wake up early in the morning, and as usual, breakfast "Asameshi" In the meantime, I started to prepare for breakfast with Gansakakoshi, and the feeling of my face that was heavily swollen | Without any pain, after finishing everything from the group meal to the preparation of the legs, let my aunt have breakfast, enjoy myself enough, and then look at the gap. It came out as "Breakfast".
After leaving the house and walking a few towns, I tightened the leg bond that I brought out, and the furoshiki wrapping of the group meal "Musubi" was handmade. Carry it on your back along with the kimono and furoshiki on your neck, lighten the area around your waist, and wear a tenugui on your cheeks, and a tenugui on your left. I tied it to my wrist, and in my inner pocket, I had a cotton wallet, Momenzaifu, and a little more than a yen of coins. Make sure that you put in the "Shika", leave both hands empty, and put the long one with the handle of the Shibakari sickle in your right hand. While holding it in my left hand, I gradually climbed up the river.
Eventually, when I heard the words of my uncle on the previous day and turned back, Genzo's steps slowed down again. However, this time, the day before, I was looking at the rock on which I was sitting and the large rock that was hidden for a while for a while. "I am the government army, my enemy is" and screamed, "Salmon" and proceeded to Yamate. The voice of the song "I am the government army and my enemy" is mixed with the sound of the Fuefuki River, as I answered and chanted back to the devil "Akuma" who was hiding somewhere. I couldn't hear it.
After that, Genzo finally went into a difficult mountain and into the mountain, but as he became a person in the mountain village, he apparently climbed up with a "intuition" and finally went up to the Kazaka Pass. As I went out to the climax of the mountain and saw Musashi Ichikuni open under my feet, far away from Haruka, the wind of the heavens blowing with the Hoho was on my cheeks. When I tasted the hand towel that was covered with cheeks, I was delighted to jump up and jump up. However, looking back again, if I wanted to see the area along the Fuefuki River in Kai Province, where I lived, I felt like I was afraid that my heart would be dull, and it was thin. From the bottom of the haze, which is slightly hazy,

[# Indent 3 characters from here]
Mulberry was picked and picked, and Hanaraku "Miyako" and Joroshu "Joroshu" also picked mulberry.
[# End of indentation here]

I heard that it was chanted with a voice that was pure and clear. Of course, there is no reason why I should be able to hear it.
[# With ground below]
(May 36th year of Meiji)



Bottom book: "Complete Works of Chikuma Japanese Literature, Koda Rohan" Chikuma Shobo
Issued the first print on March 20, 1992 (Heisei 4)
Parent of the bottom book: "Complete Works of Dew Ban" Iwanami Shoten
* The original "Small Katakana To" (JIS X 0213, 1-6-81) has been replaced with "To". However, "to" of "trolley" (bottom page 78-4 lines) is excluded.
* In this work, terms that can be perceived as discriminatory expressions are used today. However, considering the historical background and value of the work, as well as the significance of the reader's own recognition of the limitations of the author, I dared to leave it as it was at the time of publication. (Aozora Bunko)
Input: kompass
Proofreading: Yukio Hayashi
Published October 2, 2001
Revised November 25, 2003
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
