Tell Keio Gijuku students
Yukichi Fukuzawa

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Sericulture << Yo-san >>

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Student | Reward test sentence << Hosho Shibun >>

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) [# 7 indents from here]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

[# Indent 7 characters from here]
The one on the left is the one written by Professor Fukuzawa at the speech hall in the residence of Keio University in Mita, Shiba-ku, Tokyo on the 3rd of last month.
[# End of indentation here]

There is something that can be said once. The purpose of sericulture is to make threads without making silk moth egg paper, and the purpose of education is to make business people without making teachers. Now, with this meaning in mind, from the beginning of our opening to the post-restoration, all the people in the world are pleased with the Western civilization, and we hurry to move on to this. If so, it is also urgent to seek a person, and if there is a person who reads horizontal characters unpleasantly, regardless of the type of art, regardless of the person, even if he uses this, he will use it for unlimited purposes. With a limited number of people, it shouldn't be added. Moreover, the scholar at that time cannot be said to be a bachelor's degree who has learned what kind of study, and if there are many things that he does not know when he actually looks at it, he will not be able to go. At this point, I was enthusiastic about preaching education and creating new scholars, and both Asano and Asano were busy teaching people, and for more than ten years since the restoration, I have never neglected.
The initial thought was that the uncertainties of Japan were only due to the imitation of education, and that civilization wealth should have expected the day if education was delivered. By the way, when I go to see the actual situation today, there are many people who know the characters very well in education, and there are not a few specialized scholars who have achieved one skill, first of all the previous year. Although his hopes have been reached a little, there is little evidence that this has led to the wealth of civilization in the country. To talk about the situation, if it is long, it must be argued that the wealth of one country is a collection of the wealth of one individual, giving an example at hand.
It goes without saying that those who have received the fundamental education of civilization and wealth should first have their own wealth in order to enrich the country. As a Japanese scholar, I haven't seen anything that has created a great deal of wealth. No matter what kind of specialty you have, you don't hear the story of starting a business and making a fortune.
Or, although there should be some people who happen to live abundantly and have some surplus, the goods are not the goods obtained by utilizing the performing arts that the person was given for education in the world's breeding society. Fortunately, it is used for government purposes, and although it is not useful, it is nothing more than the one that eats and eats at the regular salary and accumulates the surplus little by little. The situation is that orphans and widows who do not work physically and mentally eat on the heritage bond certificates and make a little extra money every year. It is surprising that a boy who is called the ancestor of the world, a prince of the melancholy, and who has acquired outstanding performing arts, learns the scales of orphans and widows when asked about his life. If you evaluate it with the eyes of civilization, "Manako", you should just be merciful.
Looking at the industrial and commercial societies of Western countries as an attempt, a certain "what" planned several constructions and earned hundreds of thousands of yen, and a certain produced millions of products in any business. Be sure to make yourself a person who comes out of school, give income for small and small education to the practice of breeding after adulthood, and make it a person who makes a lot of wealth for the whole family, and has a reputation in the world. Even though it's a "kanba", I haven't heard of anyone who has been a government official since he was a child and has accumulated a monthly salary to become a millionaire. If this were to happen, I would have to be old as a so-called guardian. By the way, today, "Hello", the scholars who are educated in Japan are not the ones who should be applied to the breeding society. Any person who is unsuitable for breeding, a teacher of any skill, a bachelor of performing arts, is equal to a Go guest shogi master, and it is not enough to bring about the wealth of the family. If the family is rich, there should be no day when the country is rich. The purpose of education should be something that is inconsistent.
I wonder why Japanese education is so inconsistent, but if education goes well, I believe that the progress of civilization, everything, and what I want to do is inevitable, and I can use that education for the human world. I have to answer that it is a sin to forget the craftsmanship. The human world is surprisingly wide and surprisingly profane. Even in the countries that call it the summit of civilization. Moreover, regardless of the actual value of the civilization like Japan, it is suitable for this people who are unfamiliar with all Western-style civilizations, and even though the knowledge of the noble school school is exposed and made suitable for practical use. Without being aware of the times when it should be done like a floating world, Japanese people cannot forbid from their zeal for education, and gradually study high and never stop, and the world is still lowly. The education method is getting higher and higher, and the school is like a non-dusty school, and the more years it takes to move to school in this precinct, the longer it becomes, the more human beings. Because people forget about the world and secretly despise it, people in the Ukiyo are also willing to talk with scholars, and they are willing to do things with it in both industry and business. There is no one, and if you just ask a scholar, you admit that you are a hermit, and if you just pretend to respect this on the outside and "respect and move away from this," the scholar will also approach this. Without the willingness to break the profane and squeeze an independent business without turning it into waste, first get into the work of being able to teach people in the school world that you are accustomed to, that is, school by school education. Because of the fact that they often give birth to teachers, and therefore are taught, and therefore become teachers, there is no limit.
For several years now, educators of the world have respected scholarship and praised the world of profane, and both of them are just ridiculous, forcibly wrapping profane in the highest form of scholarship. It must be said that the novel shape was used as a scholarship, and that the mundane could not be accommodated, and that important education was isolated and that oneself fell into a cave. Since then, educators have not been aware of this area and just sought the nobleness of the teaching method, and the high level of wisdom of the people and the high level of the scholarship of civilization seemed to be almost the same. If you do not know the point of what you should do and go in the same direction as it is, you will only produce more and more teachers all over the country, and as you can say at the beginning, no one will be a business person, and you will feed silk moths and produce silk moth eggs. The eggs should be hatched to lay eggs again, and finally the silkmoth's target thread should be seen, giving an illusion.
As students already know, the educational method of Keio University has been studying practical studies since its foundation, and it is extremely important to focus on the scholarship of Western civilization and to emphasize the principle of truth. Without tentatively tentatively arranging the grace of "Yuyo", this is my enemy, as if it were against the public in the world, and there was no foolishness, and the archaicism survived. However, even those who fight unforgivably, and on the other hand, despise academic education is also a feat.
To despise this is not to despise the theory as a delusion, but to simply consider it as a trivial matter in any world, and the theory should not be included. Insulting that there should be no such thing, everything from the household of a family in life to the relationship of human beings to the business of industry and commerce, regardless of the size of the matter. , I mean to make it easier to communicate with academic affairs and profane affairs by wrapping up in my academic territory. In other words, it is justified to use scholarship for the convenience of popular affairs without treating it sacredly.
Therefore, the education of this school is mainly literature, encouraging Japanese writing, and also using Chinese books to know the characters, and the main body of the study is English, teaching English, English, English, and physics. From the usual, it ends in mathematics, geography, history, bookkeeping, commercial law, economics, etc., and as a training to read difficult sentences in English books, sometimes I take the highest original books. Also, when it comes to the morals section, there is no particular limitation on what principle is used, and the basics are based on the discourse of mutual blame between teachers and friends. All you have to do is to study how to make it in the cram school window.
Looking at the history of many years in this way, compared to the students of other public and private schools, among hundreds of students, sometimes or even without misconduct, Keio University Students are not the ones with weak morals, but they are not good at doing things, and they have gained the most steady name in political talks in the world, and during the cram school, they are always quiet, or something else. It should be rare to see the ratio.
Saika of the 19th year of the Meiji era has already changed, and although the educational method of Keio University has changed significantly, it is naturally necessary to give fresh vitality to this old educational method with the return of Ichiyo. Should be. What is that animation? I'm practicing this school, and I'm trying to make it more fruitful. It is equivalent to laying eggs from the eggs of the silkworms, and those who graduated from this school just become teachers or officials of the school and learn the livelihoods of orphans and widows. It's a style of work that escapes the swearing and doesn't fall into the name of an independent boy.
Although it has always been praised by the world that a bachelor's degree from this school had to take good care of personnel and make a detour, we still have to be relieved. Therefore, from the beginning of this month, we may have talks with the faculty members inside and outside the country, and at our own convenience, we should change the taste of the school and the teaching rules a little. Students should never doubt this. We are the ones who support their self-esteem and self-weight.
After entering this school and graduating from school for several years, those who do not have money will finally become the secretary, the clerk, the clerk of the industrial and commercial society, or the government will take people, and finally it will be a wind that values practical use. Once done, the government will also be able to do business easily, and fortunately those with capital will either start a new business and attempt independent activities, or return to their hometown and immediately help their parents or leave their home. A person who wants to inherit, protect heritage, and gain the knowledge and courage to proliferate. Although it is difficult to create a new family product that does not originally exist, it is difficult to protect an existing family product, and if the difficulty is difficult to state, both rich and poor will study. What should be done is to make it an academic discipline, and if we have to be careful and neglect ourselves, students should not take this precaution from their own hearts.



Bottom book: "Fukuzawa Yukichi Educational Theory" Iwanami Bunko, Iwanami Shoten
Issued the first print on March 18, 1991 (Heisei 3)
Parent of the anthology: "Fukuzawa Yukichi Selection Volume 3" Iwanami Shoten
Issued the first print on December 18, 1980 (Showa 55)
First appearance: "Jiji Shinpo" Jiji Shinposha
Issued on February 2, 1886 (Meiji 19)
* This work is included in "Study Ritsushi Hen" as "The key to learning is in Silhak."
Input: Tetsuro Tanaka
Calibration: noriko saito
Created January 13, 2009
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
