Kinofukefu flowers
Minakata Kumagusu

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Eyelid << Ganpi >>

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Numbers are JIS X 0213 area area number, or original page and number of lines)
(Example) * [# "Sanzui + Bian", Level 3 1-86-52]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

This year, there are many flowers that have been abandoned due to unseasonable climate, and there are also flowers that open in autumn from early summer, but in the rabbit, there are many flowers of the dianthus family in my home. Among them, the one with the strangest legend is the eyelid "Ganpi". On the pillow's paper, there are flowers of crab [# "crab" on the side] (different book on the side of the crab [# "gamuhi"]), but the color is dark to wisteria. It is different from the eyelids in spring and autumn and twice in the flower. Bodhidharma Daishi When I was on the wall, I wasn't sleepy, so I cut off the upper and lower eyelids and threw them away. There is a folklore on the Japanese-Chinese Sansai Zukai.
Silene is called Are (small eyes) in French and Pink (fine and again) in English, which is the name of the body of lashes with flesh-colored petals and long-edged teeth. Shortly before the release of the Japanese-Kan Sansai Zukai, Kempel's foreign memoirs came to Japan, and when he used the leaves of a plant that had been cut off by Tatsuma, he became sleepy. When I heard in Japan that it was the first time for tea to resemble a mabuta with its teeth, I would like to write a story about making tea to the fullest.

Dutch pink [# "Dutch pink" is in bold]
In English, carnation means flesh-colored, and it is said that it depends on the color of the flower, but since the book 《Original》 was called coronation, it used to be a corolla, so the meaning of crown is correct. Since the scent of flowers is like cloves, it is the meaning of clove flowers in Italy and medieval giroful in England. As in Chaucer's poems, he smelled sake exclusively around the 14th century, and replaced it with expensive cloves for cooking. Candied fruit of this flower is a very tonic, and it is said that sometimes eating it will relieve the heart and cure the heat epidemic. Italy's peasant, who makes this an elephant of love, and who is particularly fond of the "Perpitro" venerable, calls the anniversary of his death (June 9th) the carnation day.
Ishitake is not different from Dianthus superbus, and even in Japan, Dianthus superbus or Tokonatsu is a general term for various species of the genus Dianthus superbus. It was decided in Japan that it would not be torn into small pieces. Sei Shonagon says that Nadeshiko and Tang dynasty are more like Yamato nadeshiko, Nadeshiko is Yamato nadeshiko because it grows naturally in Noyama, and Ishitake is Yue Karanadeshiko that came from China. In the song of Kingenzo, "Sorghum's Tang dynasty, Yamato nadeshiko of my day's book". If this is a modern masterpiece, when Lord Teika knits a new collection, we shouldn't talk about Japan, and even a single letter shouldn't be fixed, even if we try to put it straight into Japan. Moreover, if all Japanese are imperial people, Tenshi is called me, and I was born in this country, and I said that I should not discriminate against that person. .. A person who instinctively preaches such as Demokura, who was born in Japan and is blind for such a reason and only sells to foreign countries, if he writes in a cousin who has a stomachache instead of one stomach, it will be tight and my own in less than two months. There should be someone who writes on his face with a title such as "Kingenzo's View of Equality," which is because blindness steals.
By the way, Kumoi of Matsushima said that he stood up to hand over the remaining money taken by the thief, so I will tell you even the source that the article of Kingen 3 on the right is in Chapter 7 of the dust sac. ..
Shunrai's song said, "I don't want to be in the Tang dynasty, but the stone bamboo that hangs in the back of Azuma." The heart of this song is that when Shimada used to be a hero, when he shot a stone that bothered people with spirits, an arrow stood on the stone and he couldn't get out of it. At that time, Nadeshiko and Ishitake were separated. Some people think that the northern pink is from China, but according to the late Dr. Yatabe's edition of Japanese plants, the pink pink pink, which is native to Japan, is the original species of northern pink that is cultivated. There are two poems written by Kumagusu's acquaintance, Tadaomi Shimada, about the forbidden Dianthus superbus. Flower red, purple, red, dark and pale, the first time in the end of spring, the highest in the summer, the first in the fall and winter, the first to open one after another, the four o'clock turnips should be loved, and the seeds, things, and ground are forbidden for the first time this year. There are dozens of famous flowers and turnips that add to the beauty of the flowers. Konohana, which was found in Oyamagawatani, was said to be not in the name of a lover, disliked the sting of roses [# "roses"], and praised the peony without light. According to Tao Hongjing's theory that it was born in Oyama Kawatani, it seems that Emperor Uta was the first to plant the four-season pink bamboo that was passed from China by Tao Hongjing. According to Hayashi Jussai, the cherry blossoms in front of the cherry blossoms, the peony after the peony, the irises after the peony, the stone bamboo in front of the dianthus, and the cold chrysanthemum after the chrysanthemum are all inferior in dignity, but they are difficult to do again. I hear that the Kenseikai Ren commented on Prime Minister Wakatsuki.
It is said that Dokan grass was planted on Mt. Dokan in Edo in the old days for the flowers of the Silene family that are now in the air. It is said that the Hanmei King is not staying, and that the medicinal properties of the main herb are not stopped, and that the women's clothes are finished and the milk flows for a long time. To explain. In the lower school collection, this herb is named Shakin Hana, who likes this flower as well as the lord, descends to Song * [# "Sanzui + Bian", 3rd level 1-86-52] Therefore, the person describes this flower as the King's non-departure. Although it doesn't look like a Chinese book, such rumors were transmitted during the Ashikaga period.
Catchfly, English name catch fly (fly), mucus on its stem and does not come off when the fly stops. It was interesting to plant many of them in the flower gardens of London in the 17th century. Its scientific name Sirene is based on the ancient Greek god Sirenus. A bald old man with a low nose and a round body, and carries a large liquor bag every time. He used to raise the god of sake, Dionysos, and later became his servant. If you have ugliness and sacred wisdom, you can compare it with Socrates. I like only sake, music and sleep. Because he has an insight into the past and the future, he takes advantage of his drunken sleep and surrounds the flowers to make predictions and sings again. Even such a god of wisdom has no fruit in the songs of the world of sake. This god called a genus of catchfly, Catchfly, as compared to drunk and drooling. It belongs to this genus, such as Silene firma in Yamano and Bladder campion, which came in after the restoration. Bladder campion grows naturally in the United Kingdom and other countries, and its young shoots also serve as the scent of peas and asparagus, so they are used instead. If it grows in Sapporo, you should try it for cooking.

Perthley [# "Perthray" is in bold]
Flower Saku now. It's a terrible flower, but the Old Greeks, for the first time in Hercules, gave it a very respectful and dry Perthley crown to the winner of the Ismiya competition. When I stumbled upon this, the kaiseki guests received the crown as the calm and appetite progressed. Also, because he sprinkled this grass branch on the corpse, he said that Perthley was needed when a person was on the verge of death. According to the Plutarks theory, the army that met the donkey who was defeated by Perthley knew that it was a sign of defeat and made a fuss. Also, before making the field, Perthley and Henruuta were planted on the edge. Instead of saying that he hadn't put it into practice yet, he said it was the stage of Perthley and Henruuta. Henruuta is just now, and this is also a mischievous flower. It has a strong odor, so it eliminates the poison of various insects, reveals its eyes and sharpens its wisdom, and it is said that when a woman eats it, her control becomes solid. A long time ago, during the plague epidemic in Marseille, four bandits made vinegar from this grass and drank it without any infection, and went into the plague's house from one end and stole it. Aristotle said that when Itachi ate this grass and fought against the snake, he couldn't stand the scent of the snake and would definitely lose. It was old in England, and it was said that if you steal this grass from the neighbor and plant it, it will grow well. Even in Kishu Tanabe, steal lotus potatoes and green onions and plant them.

Dariya [# "Darya" is in bold]
It was imported for the first time in the 13th year of Tenpo under the teaching of Dr. Shirai, and at first it was accepted by the orchid name Rannonkel. In this year's era "Japan and Japanese", Mr. Satoshi Yamauchi, Dahlia in Yunnan is the origin of this grass, and when a foreigner first saw this flower in Cantonese, he asked what kind of flower it was. The answer was "Dahlia" (Dahlia), which was the name of the flower. There are dore trees in various parts of Japan, and the name of the tree is the strange tree Yue, and the name of the tree is Shimatsuta. At the same time, the ones that are full of vegetation in the southern China, such as plant names and actual drawings, do not have dahlia. In the natural subdivision of Engrel and Brantre, which are the gems of this school, all nine species of dahlia are native to Mexico, and in 1789, the Spanish monk Cavuanus was named Dahlia because of the surname of the botanist Dahl of Sweden. It is arguable that it is not native to China, if it is clear from the name and the theory of the book, Nishigumi Fang Plant Illustrated 1 and 2.



Bottom book: "Japanese famous writing, separate volume 14 gardening" work company
First print issued on April 25, 1992 (Heisei 4)
Parent of the bottom book: "Minakata Kumagusu Complete Works Vol. 7" Inuimotosha
May 1952 (Showa 27)
Input: Tsuyoshi Watanabe
Proofreading: Takatoshi Somekawa
Published August 1, 2001
Revised April 23, 2006
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
