Money ruthless
Ango Sakaguchi
-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]
"":ruby
(Example) Luo "Latin"
｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Home country | France Ransai << France >>
[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) [# 3 indentation]
/ \: Double dance character (repeated symbol in the shape of a vertically lengthened "ku")
(Example) Solid / \
-------------------------------------------------- -----
[# 3 indentation] [# middle heading] monetary ruthless [# middle heading end]
The superficial person is a philosopher. About ten years ago, I saw somehow in Epicuros and somehow in Plato in a magazine, but since then I have stopped writing and have never been on the pulpit, so I specialize in philosophy. I don't even know his name as a student.
According to a magazine reporter who visited me the other day, is his teacher DD a newcomer to the philosophical world? In response to the reporter's question, whether he is a newcomer or not, he is already an old man, and in the name of the Supreme Man, his thoughts are not similar to Greece, Rome, or modern times. It resembles a human being. He can expect the most unique work, but he said he wouldn't write it. In fact, he hasn't responded to a reporter's request for writing for ten years.
I have heard of his reputation elsewhere. Father QQ, Mr. LL, and Mr. LL were taught the history of literature and the history of medieval thought at Japanese universities, but I am a well-known Latin scholar in my home country | France. From these two names, I have heard that the people who really understand the literary language in Japan are the most superficial people. At that time, he was looking for a translator to compile a classic series at a bookstore. I was a junior high school alumnus with him, but I didn't know until then that he was fluent in Luo.
He had something in his heart a long time ago. The other woman was a prostitute at a famous liquor store, and although she died, he came back to life. After being interrogated by the police, he muttered that it would be the same whether he died or lived. I spelled out my old friend's name in a newspaper article, but as soon as I got to know him later, I insisted on my neck, but the woman said she would use it as a hypnotic drug. It was nice, I thought about suicide, but I didn't think about it in my heart, so if a woman wants to take hypnotics, I should have necked herself. The woman said that I was dead and hung down first, and that I was scared, and that I had no choice but to hang out in my heart.
It was around that time that he stopped writing. When he is called a philosopher, he sometimes denies it. I only see humans. I once muttered that I wouldn't be a philosopher if I didn't see the universe because I couldn't see the universe. And, well, I would say that it is a human observer. He said that he had no other passion, but nowadays he no longer calls himself a human observer. I answer that I am the owner of a bar. It was only recently that he had a clear answer to who he was, and for the first time he seemed somewhat alive and aware of who he was. He must be the owner of a bar called "raccoon dog shop".
He was single until he failed in his heart, but after that he lost his wife to five or so. Two of them ran away from the woman, two were ousted by him, and the fifth was a woman who had been recruited to a munitions company during the war and was a waiting daughter. When she got married, her daughter had just graduated from girls' school and was nineteen, but Kiyoto was forty.
Tomiko himself states that this was a crazy "fantastic" marriage.
Tomiko became accustomed to men from a young age depending on the profession of her birthplace, went out to see movies with college students from the time of girls' school, and had customers take her on a trip, but her true heart is a geisha. I thought that I felt an antipathy to the ecology of the passengers. It was just a story that I didn't notice that it had grown up assimilated into its fruitful ecology.
The geisha is a person-in-law, a date hikita, and a heart rather than money. Although there are various ostensibly appearances, all of them really like simple men, like beautiful men, and are young hiding behind their husbands. Playing with a geisha. Tomiko also liked beautiful boys, and she liked to go out to see movies and eat things, such as college students and young officers, but in the meantime, she gradually began to look down on herself. In other words, he began to look down on the world of geisha, and became accustomed to thinking that he was another noble person.
That's why those who looked into Tomiko's study from Juhachigurai should have been taken aback, Alain, Valery, Bergson, Taine, Stendhal, Volterre, Merimee, Proust, Vanjaman Constant, etc. , And there are many books on aesthetics. I feel like I bought all the thankful books that have the word "beauty" in the title, but I read them hard and hard.
At the same time as Kiyoto at the recruitment company, a beautiful boy technician who had just graduated from college told me that a young officer who came to the waiting room also applied for marriage. When I stared at it, my body became stiff and stuffy, and my chest felt like I was clenching my fist, but Tomiko thought that beautiful boys and others should be despised. It was vulgar and impure to love a beautiful boy, and I thought that high romance was spiritual.
Of course, the fantasy love theory of a little girl loses its effect at once if a true love affair occurs with her, but in short, Tomiko just said that when she saw a beautiful boy, she became a macker and became stuffy. , I couldn't reach romance. That's why the marriage was too early, so he didn't want to get married either. When the family evacuated to the countryside, they somehow disliked evacuation and married Kiyoto.
However, it took me about half a year to get married to Kiyoto. At that time, Tomiko thought that this was a true love affair.
On the other hand, Kiyoto lived alone after escaping to his wife for the fourth time, and while Tomiko asked for something or lent a book from a philosopher, he thought that this had a pulse. I started to argue about the philosopher's food.
He is a human observer, but after all he is a scholar, and his aphorism is a kind of sleep-talking that is useless in real life, and the woman who fell in love was always able to escape, but he succeeded in this beautiful girl. If a dog walks, it's a fluke, and because there are beautiful boys' competitors, I'm anxious, excited, but unexpectedly a stupid girl, so I thought about planning. ..
Tomiko's mother has a rich husband and she has no inconvenience in money, so she has no idea of ​​making a profit for her daughter as a geisha, and she hopes to marry an appropriate man. That's why I thought that the poor philosopher of the forty man was out of the story, he was silent, gloomy, he didn't know the etiquette with only heavy drinks, he wasn't sociable, and he didn't stand out. .. Since there is no such thing as a deal, I curse him from my head. The maids who came from the mountains and settled in Hanayagi are semi-transparent and have a good reputation, so they say that they are the definitive and finest burdock. I see, it's good. It's a burdock full of soil because it doesn't lower its head even if it's a lonely greeting.
Tomiko was stubborn. Because of the bad publicity of the people around him, he thought that this love was pure and lofty. He is noble because he is neither a good man nor a rich man because he is pure because he does not understand the profane. Tomiko, who loves only the high intelligence of a man, thinks of herself as a special woman who is terribly excellent and has been forgiven by God for her profound love.
So Kiyoto came to know that this was the preferred way to make everything but knowledge shabby, and Tomiko was rich, so she gave me a tie and brought me whiskey. He gives me a tie, makes clothes, and finally even money. He gave me a happy face, showing no wrinkles and not being interesting. Then Tomiko was secretly very satisfied that Kiyoto was noble and spiritual, so Kiyoto made the appearance as poor as possible and showed only the spiritual height. Tsuta.
Originally, it was an application to marry a nineteen beautiful girl, but it was surprisingly rich and he could treat me in various ways, so this is definitely for my daughter. I thought that I had to do it. It is his theory that gold is the center of the universe, so his philosophy has become ridiculous.
After the end of the war, after the destruction, he said that he would recover from all pleasures, and based on his insight, he got money from Tomiko's mother's husband, set up a barracks in Yokomachi in front of the station, and started a bar. According to Kant's style, his philosophy is also a foodie, and he can make his own sauces. In the old days, he read a book of equivalent cooking, and he read cow brain miso, cow tail, offal motsu dishes, and sardines. A guy who cooks various delicacies on his stomach, from macaroni dishes to chop suey, he is familiar with various things that he can cook himself. So, when the radio broadcast at noon on August 15th ends in your generation, it's okay, the other party is the United States, I will use my cooking skills against the taste of the expeditionary force, make a lot of money, and become a new Japanese champion. I was ambitious. Of course, Tomiko was in great agreement, and she asked her mother's husband to pay a lot of money.
By the time the barracks were completed, it was decided that the expeditionary forces would not be able to crawl into general restaurants in Japan, but since it was originally designed with a soulful spirit, it feels like a one-of-a-kind restaurant over there. It is said that they have been devised to give a sense of security according to the innocence of the customers there. The philosopher of meditation should have had no clue in the world, but he said that the customer there was no good, and he was Japanese or stupid, and he lost his passion for cooking. So, the name of the store with a nice name, three or four, throwing out all the stuff in my chest, raccoon dog shop, this is a lot, you, make money, I drink the money I made So, he means, I'm the owner of a bar, I decided to take the most common form.
★
Tomiko got married and realized that she was a philosopher, spiritual, ridiculous, a raccoon dog, and I see, Yado Roku was a big fox. A big raccoon dog, a big thief, just Yado Roku is a money slave, a maiden's father, no blood or tears, money, let's leave it to my wife and put all the money in my pocket, I'm big every night He drinks alcohol, but Tomiko gets angry that he is a raccoon dog even if he buys a ten-yen mandarin orange. I get angry for two days and two nights.
Tetsuto is a practicing woman, and even though Tomiko is a pretty upset woman, even if she cooks with salty sauce, she has no knives, she has no knives, but she has a lot of knives. It's no good, and the kitchen knives, plates, and soy sauce jars are lined up according to the knowledge of the shortest distance without waste. However, I can't compete.
A lazy person from the core of his habit bone, he sent daytime with mahjong or go according to the general type of the owner of a bar, and returned as a tiger at night. Philosophy Izuko. Even if I think about such things mentally, Tomiko is harder and redder, and it's also a helper, sticky, entangled, sucking, ideal, etc. There is nothing. He is already a guardian, only heavy drinker, and nothing but Daisukehei.
Betta / \ Mocha / \ If you don't like it, this bastard thief, if it's liked by another woman, please come and see it. I won't sleep with you anymore. When Tomiko screams, gets up and kicks, Yadoroku is a human being, half asleep with a runny nose. Look at this person. I'm going to say it. I said that.
However, Tomiko wondered if our inn Roku was really great. That is to say, there is nothing that is a guardian, a heavy drinker, a big helper, a lazy person, and a spiritual person. This is because there are times when it seems that the theory is really sloppy. However, it's really annoying, and it's really a problem. Isn't it really great to say that it's really Sauda?
Tomiko's dislike of the geisha's ecology was a failure, and the young beautiful boy's favorite is his true intention, and in reality he is also cheating like a geisha, so he is a true self. I thought that I should stand up and try again.
The reason why I came up with such an idea is that I went to entertain customers for the first time at "Tanukiya", so I tried to cook with a maid, Tomiko with entertainment, and at the time of opening, I also left one beautiful female salary. Tomiko's reputation was rather much more popular, so I felt like I wasn't afraid, I got married and lost a lot of money.
Then, what appeared there was a beautiful boy named Kinukawa, who became 27 office workers. The man who came out of the Aburatsubo is this man, who drinks only one bottle of alcohol, eats little food, and talks for a long time. I say that it's irritating every day, but because I'm poor and not good, Tomiko pays a lot of money from outside customers, and since I haven't written down the price, I don't know how high it is, so I know Yado Roku. I'll give you no profit and give it in half today, I don't need money today, so even if I hint at the meaning of coming every day, I only come once every five days. His wife is a beautiful woman, and she is well-educated and is my first amazing woman. However, it doesn't seem to be a perfect reward for the in-laws who let me drink alcohol cheaply, but Tomiko feels happy knowing that.
Another person appeared there. A man who plays a violin who is in a dancehall band, he is thirty years old, and although he feels like a rough man, when I talk about it, there is something pure about a child. During the war, it was said that it flowed to Manchuria, but Bohemian from looking at it, and making money by doing a dark shop in the office, I can not trust it, I feel something painful. To do. With a morbidly transparent and white face, the beauty of the jewels that you want to cool is hidden behind the desolate and stagnant sword. It's a sad beauty, and if you look closely, it's something terribly elegant, lonely, and harsh.
Seto Toifuko's musician is a heavy drinker. When I start coming, I come every night and drink thoroughly. Although he has a lot of income, he drinks too much, so he is in debt, but Tomiko's heartache sank. Kiyoto is extremely reluctant to borrow money from his customers, urging him to urge him to go to the debt collector, and threaten to declare that he can only drink in cash. If you're intimidated and borrowed even once, be sure to say that you can cut your meal in half until you're paid, or don't give you pocket money to go to the bath.
However, Tomiko somehow wants to come to Seto every night, so I don't want to inform Kiyoto of this debt. Kiyoto doesn't know about the store because he comes back at midnight, but when he wakes up in the morning, he looks at how the liquor is reduced the night before and matches it with the sales, and there is no chance to cheat by careful calculation. Therefore, Tomiko wants to sell it to outside customers at a high price and match it with Tsujitsuma, but the amount of sake in Seto is too large to make up for it.
Because it's a stand, there aren't many customers who put chips on it, and Kiyoto doesn't give him pocket money, he earns chips, and that's his arm. Say that the one who can't help is stupid. You can kiss someone who puts a tip of 1,000 yen overnight, or leave it to someone who puts a tip of 10,000 yen. Instead, I'll give you a kiss and a tip. Because I'm the host, I'm not the one who sells my wife's chastity. Kiyoto thinks that there is a considerable amount of chips, and sometimes he shows a slapstick and lends a little, but Tomiko's chips are surprisingly small, and even if you add up for January, it will be half of the overnight drink in Seto There is no choice but to pay an exorbitant price to outside customers. As a result, the number of customers was reduced, and I couldn't get rid of it anymore. The debt of one person in Seto was divided into the names of ten people, and he endured the intimidation and intimidation of Yado Roku. Twice, I think this is a stinking thing, I look like I don't know, and ask one of my old friends to look at me as a customer, and this old friend is a surprising master of the road. Looking at the faces of Seto and Kinukawa, Nippon Express, the secret of the exorbitant price why the number of customers decreased, everyone was the key. However, I couldn't break it right away because I had a plan in my chest.
Tomiko was already separated. There is also a feeling that there is a place in Yado Roku where you can secretly leave yourself to someone to cheat by earning money, or you can cheat with Seto, or you will be fascinated by Seto, but you can not throw away the man of Kinukawa. ..
Seto is a drunken man, and when he gets drunk, he gets violent, gloomy, sentimental, sarcastic, mean, and so on. However, only this man does not boast. I'm just self-deprecating. Instead, it makes people sarcastic and harassing. Then, he always becomes erotic and calls Tomiko to the side of the audience and says that he is stuck on his knees. When I get on my knees, I just sing a sentimental song and do nothing else, but Tomiko goes down to the knees, even before the outside customers arrive. It's natural that the number of customers will decrease because I'm going to the knees / \. Tomiko is already crazy. I have a mushy feeling that I have no idea whether it is gold or gold, and if I don't go to Seto, I want to get on the lap of an outside customer and once I want to get to the tip, but I'm in trouble if I know Seto, in fact, in Seto The number of customers does not decrease by getting on the knees, but on the contrary, if there is a pulse, Seto's time has not yet appeared, because Seto is always past 9:30, so come early and hey things on my knees There are a lot of customers who say that they are hungry. Far from reducing the number of customers, on the contrary, the number of customers is fluffy. However, since there is no brake for getting drunk, I think that it will be a problem if I can taste it and do it even when I'm in Seto, so I can't help but want to get to the tip, but it's useless and I can't help but grin in a strange wind / \ I laugh and get rid of my ass. Somehow the grin seems to be color-loving, and there are some customers who seem to have that feeling and make a mistake, and when there is a fifty man who is enthusiastic about showing a wad of bills, such as going to stay overnight, it will be irresistible. I felt like staying overnight or doing anything for money. Although it is for love, the real problem is that it is money, and the money, the guardian of Matsutaku Yado Roku rides on it, turns into a demon of money, and hands from the throat for money. The asama that could give out was clinging to the whole body, and it seemed to appear on the demeanor.
Seto wonders if Tomiko has a good person. When I answered that there was, I said that the good man was hot and I was arguing, but what does the good man do, a philosopher? Well, his name, and his face turned dark when he was the highest-ranked person.
"The most superficial person. Is that person's wife?"
"Oh, do you know that name?"
"I know. I respected him. I was a high school student. I loved reading what I wrote in magazines about Epicurus and Plato, and I still have respect for him. Chiyotsu and quarrel I feel like I shouldn't do it. "
"Oh, did Seto-san leave the music school?"
"Music is the heart of a man who is too worldly and too bodyy, and it's an extra skill from the beginning. It's awkward, but it's an aesthetic. But that's an extra skill. It's just a wanderer. There is nothing fixed in my life. "
Matsutaku This man didn't boast about it, so he didn't know his educational background even if he had a lot of trouble, so Tomiko was surprised at this time. So I thought I should drink this, or even if I fell into hell, I could become a wilderness and a mountain, and suddenly Tomiko suddenly felt that way, but at the same time, my inn Roku I wonder if he's great, I think he's somewhat more confident than the wanderer of the hell.
Seto tends to say that it is bad for Mr. Mogami in his mouth, and when he gets drunk, he still makes Tomiko go away. At first glance, my feelings burned and became fierce day by day, but on the other hand, the width of the wanderer's heart seemed rather narrow. If you know your educational background and have a basis to think about it in the same way as Yado Roku, you will be able to look ruthlessly and critically what you have been able to do with only moya / \ atmospheric viewing. It's true, and it's certainly narrower than our inn Roku. I wonder if our inn Roku has a lot of highlights, but the man is good, and that's why, I'm gonna give a man a drink with a female salary, and a good man is found. Then, I'm confused about what to do with it.
★
At Kiyoto's request, it was Kurata and Ifu who scouted Tomiko's earning for five days, which was also a philosophical dark shop. This person thinks that it is natural for Yado Roku to hide in his wife and have an affair, and for his wife to be hidden by Yado Roku and have a man. Both Kiyoto and his wife need education. I thought that education and other things are also fun.
On the sixth day, he came in the daytime before there were any customers,
"Hi wife, I'm a lie, but I'm the best bad friend and a man named Kurata. It's the role that I was struck by the best and said that the situation of the store was a reconnaissance, but my wife, too. Don't be too sick, I know you want to give it to a man, but if you get such exorbitant money from outside customers, you won't be able to come. Money is something that you earn like that. There is no such thing. Isn't the president or somehow the fifty man taking out a wad of bills and arguing with him? If the host is suspicious, he will say that it is a big lie. Even if the owner finds a place in the futon where he can sleep, he will tell a lie. The trick is to say that you don't know what you're doing. Money and futons are earned that way. And I'll give it to a cute guy. "
Kurata's advice was too late for a day. Kiyoto pursued Tomiko because there was no report from Kurata. Tomiko was angry and slammed on her knees as she couldn't bear it anymore and said that I was already sick with Seto.
Let's go out, be sure to get rid of it tonight, slap only one on the side of Tomiko, and suddenly bring out the fountain pen and write something on the paper. Ah, when I think that this is a three-and-a-half-descent guy, it's a draft of a newspaper advertisement called "Beautiful female salary recruitment". I grabbed this and went to the newspaper company with 56 cups of sake.
"It's a sledge. I don't mean to tell the host even if I make a mistake that I have a favorite person. First of all, there is no such stupid thing as Kakeochi. It's just a philosopher, a philosopher. There are a lot of philosophers and wives alone, and this is already a poor man in life. Even though I'm the wife of Japan's number one philosopher, I wonder if I can understand that man's great thoughts. Is absolutely non-existent. I write it plausibly that it is a philosopher, a literary man, and an absolute love, but I don't trust him at all, so I love him. I'm sorry. That's the best thing I can say about it. Hey, do you only speak three words a day? . I understand that feeling, I'm sledged. I wonder if I'm drinking all the sake and not having an affair again. I'll recommend you and the best from me, and I'll do the rest. I'll fold it only in my chest, so please do the flirtation with each of you. The flirtation is just a financial transaction, so it's a little feast. More than that. I'm not in this world. Anyway, I'm sorry to say that, but Kinukawa and Ifuiro, Seto and Ifuo, aren't you a little short of roles? "
"Well, that's what our inn Roku has to be great, but it's hard to bear the fact that a realist who has no reason to do anything. Love is a well-known hawk, so anyway, an overture. It's just a poem, but isn't it just an overture? I like that kind of tension, like a dagger stuck to my chest. Seto-san was bearish because he drank it. , Bohemian is poetic at first glance, but it's glaring and unreliable. But I'm already disappointed, so I'll have a hard time, but I think I should do it. I don't think about a family of two, I work at a bar somewhere, I just think about that. "
"Don't, don't. That's a false idea. If you work in a bar, there's a bar here. First, you have to struggle, don't struggle. What's the most cursed thing in the world? Or poor. Don't be poor. This is the only thing you have to die from this earth, even if you put it in quality. You have to dream. Happiness is real. Do you have your own tavern? Don't make use of this one. Throw away this tavern. Work in another tavern to feed a man. Mimicchii's idea is good for Michan Hachan, but he is the wife of the highest-ranking person. What's the matter, you. For the time being, please follow my instructions. For the time being, the romance is something that doesn't really exist on the ground, so you should also expel it from this bar. I need it. It hurts a little, but with my heart as a demon, I pray for Seto, Kinukawa, and these two colored men to leave. Flirt, do this, without romance. It's funny, life is what it means to live life. It's that you, the superficial person, can't be funny, can't be funny. It's a big truth in him, but it's also a truth that this is real. It's a small truth. Life can be absolutely funny. First Money. Money. Mogami-sensei should always say that. With or without money, life can be divided into two completely different worlds. To see Mr. Mogami, while saying money, every day, every day, he drank it. I don't understand the psychology, and the teacher is so great that he wonders what to think about. But he's actually the best philosopher in Japan. "
Tomiko also had a wobbled feeling from the morning on that day. I've been so worried since I was told to go out, so going out and going out are the same facts in the results, but I'm very happy to accept this. There is a difference, and I can say that I should go out, but I'm a little worried.
Our inn Roku is a slave of money, so the motto is to have a thousand customers, and the draft of the advertisement that I glanced at is also a beautiful female salary "several people". Some people are unreasonable to go to such a chippy shop, but Yado Roku is actually thinking about it, so there is no doubt that Tomiko will receive erotic service for anything, and also for herself to receive service from several people instead. It is more convenient for those who want to go out and go to the all-purpose inn Roku.
As it is said that one is good and the other is bad, Tomiko after leaving is very bad. Well, I thought about it, no matter how hard it was, but when I realized that it was too good for Yado Roku, I was disappointed, anxious, and I felt that it would be difficult to be chased. become.
As Matsutaku Kurata said, the owner and wife are all poor kuji, and no matter how many times they go, the owner is just the owner. He said that he never knew when he found the scene, and he said, "I see, the trick to cheating is that. This person endures patience and asks Seto to leave, and a thousand customers come and find an opponent and flirt. This affair is for money at first, and it's all about 100,000 million hesitations, and then it doesn't matter who you are in Seto, you play with beautiful boys at random, and if you can't help it, it's a gold demon. What is it, Yado Rokume, looking at it, I feel like I'm having an affair.
However, Kiyoto appeared at the store after getting drunk around 10 o'clock that night. He believes that customers are the ones who come to persuade a woman while drinking alcohol, so he is reluctant to show up at Yado Roku and his business performance is not good. Even if I come back before the end of the event, I will not show my face to the audience.
This evening, I was able to go out, promote the execution of Kakeochi Shirotofu, and act as a watcher, and it was the first appearance of Yado Roku since the store opened.
However, in the store, Seto and Kinukawa are on both ends facing Chiya Udo and Atsura, and Kurata is in the middle. There are two colored men on both ends, so Kiyoto is Tomiko, hey, Dotchi is Dotchi, Ah, that's Seto-san, and Kotsuchi is Kinukawa-san. He walked to Seto.
"You shouldn't come to this store anymore. I only come when I have money. But I'm sure I'll pay my debts. I'll pick up someone every day. When I have money, I'll pay for it. I'll definitely get it. I'll go get someone every day until I've paid it all. You didn't borrow from this woman, I got the money. Instead, I took this woman to you. I want to go to
"Well, wait, Mr. Mogami. The story of color love is something that includes a lingering sound. Like you, like a stick, you can only say the conclusion, it's not a story."
Kurata played the role of Katome
"No, I'm not talking about color love. It's a simple money talk. A woman is just a free gift related to money talk."
"No, it's okay to talk about money. Anyway, what you call a talk is that if you talk, you also talk, and while you talk to each other, you start from the introduction and come to a conclusion, and it seems like you suddenly hit a stick. It's just a matter of telling the story, and it's a one-handed mistake. Okay, let's do it here. For the money talker, this is something that you should pay the borrowed money, so it's natural that you don't need an introduction or a conclusion. Because it's a story, this person makes a lot of money, and the dark shop also accepts the reason for doing it, so earn it well, this is your man's will, the problem of the woman is caught If so, Kim should show a refreshing place. That's it, this story is over. Next, Mr. Mogami, suddenly attached a woman like an appendix and said Tsuchimafu It's impossible. Anyway, the woman I just picked up isn't my wife. "
"Every woman is a woman. She said she wants to go out and be with this person."
"Even if I say it, that's not all. It's different from money talk. In the way of men and women, there are always hundreds of words that can answer one question. That's what I'm not saying, isn't it your monopoly patent? When it comes to your wife, even your naive college student can't do it like a child. Knead. The spirit is also a substance. From now on, we will go to the university, like coal, which is a substance in the chest, and is mixed with any substance outside. Let's investigate whether it is a patent. "
"If you pick up the psychology, the contradiction is inevitable, you're in a maze. The path from psychology to action doesn't come out of that maze. The story is clear. Do you like this woman or take her? Take me if you want. That's it. The woman knows it, and I know it. "
"Mr. Mogami, I see you for the first time, but I am Seto. About ten years ago, when I was in high school, I loved reading his treatise and respected him."
"I won't ask you that. Only those who don't understand what they say will use the word respect."
"Well, Mr. Mogami, I can't just ask you a question. What do you like, what do you like? There are many things you like, like women. Do you have such a ridiculous world that you like to take and live together? Do you have a wife, a husband, or a poor kujiji who should be really sad? I'm giving up equally to everyone, but you guys don't give up at this point. This is a problem of color love, no, it's a problem of giving up, so I fell in love with this person and his wife. There is no problem with that, and my wife has no choice but to give up no matter what she does. Every wife has a man who always gives up, and every host There is a woman who gives up one by one. I don't want to say this to me, even Mr. Mogami. I don't like it anymore. Isn't it okay? You're cheating, you. What kind of person is this Seto-kun? If you do aesthetics, you'll want to say something like that to my girlfriend who is in love. "
"Of course I'm just cheating. That's why I advertised for beauty recruitment."
"I don't have anything to say about that kind of thing. You look like a child today."
"Mr. Tomiko, please say something. Mr. Mogami, it's a misunderstanding. I'm neither romance nor cheating. It's just that I'm just familiar with one mood, so I'm a wanderer mentally. I'm just a person. "
"You don't have to say anything. You're just talking about money, and the story is over. Pay the debt, even if you're forced to struggle. Oh, when you're back Everything has its right place and time. When I should leave, I leave. I'll send you there. "
Seto suddenly said something, but Kurata took his arm out and took him outside.
Kiyoto went to Kinukawa.
"Once you're back. You don't have to come to this store anymore. Oy, how much is this account?"
Kinukawa, who enjoyed Takami's sights, became astonished and pale, paid money, and ran away.
Kiyoto hit Tomiko five or six times, turned around and went to sleep, but soon came back and
"Take responsibility for making the store lonely with exorbitant money from customers. Become No. 2 and pay me. I only eat once a day, okayu. I ate more. Then, let people eat it. "
Words, I went out only for sake.
When Kurata sent Seto to the train and came back, Tomiko burst into tears. Kurata didn't make any noise,
"Well, you, liquor to me"
Let the crying woman mercilessly bring sake
"I'm with you. It's okay because there's a warrior. Rest assured."
He started to raise the meter again, as his life seemed funny and unbearable.
★
Even a master like Kurata, life is true, and he doesn't turn around as funny as he aims. First of all, I don't have enough money. Because I drink too much and put out my legs, I often do things like a dark shop, but I can't make a big darkness because I drink capital. It's nothing like that, with ambitions, letting people get the bosom of others. It's said that the red newspaper over there ran the paper sideways. That's it, so I rushed to check the selling price, then searched for a buyer for various bookstores, and even if I was busy, I couldn't help but the seller, the buyer, and both males were disappointed. It doesn't become.
He has a personality that he cannot become a capitalist by any means, and even more so as an employee. You can't do anything decent, a natural freelance business, if you sell your profits to all the companies and capitalists.
As expected, there are many women. I've brought a woman to a raccoon dog shop, argued openly in front of both of them, and showed dignity, but cheating and other things are not as interesting as looking at a grouper. For what reason I spent my money in such a place where I couldn't go down, I regretted the money I had to squeeze my bones, and my unpleasant life was absolutely funny. However, in reality, the life of Tatsuto Kurata is not as big as everyone else. However, when I say that cheating is boring, I have no choice but to hang my neck and die, so it's fun to live / \ I'm busy working, drinking and arguing with money.
He was happy because the raccoon dog incident came into the scene. He was originally a philosopher, and since philosophers and other philosophers are natural educators, in reality, it is more interesting to let people do it than to do it himself, and he teaches both couples to flirt. , It's interesting to type in. What's more interesting is that he works as a raccoon dog warrior to plan a thousand customers, and he lets him drink alcohol in a straightforward manner. Is a side dish of sake, which is very interesting. Even if the raccoon dog shop is destroyed, it has nothing to do with the body of the raccoon dog, and life is interesting and interesting, but he is a busy man outside, so he earns money here and there, and he himself is here and there. I have to flirt, and I'm really busy.
An advertisement for a beauty recruitment appeared on the paper, and the test of Mr. Mogami passed five people, and even if there were two girls, five people could be lined up in a surplus store, and it was very difficult for women to rub against each other. When there are no customers, they line up in a row with five pokans, and there is no place outside of that, so if a customer dances alone there, even a considerable heart will flutter, so this is a good idea. Hey, Mr. Kurata brought his 20 daughters, who are very charming and talkative. This is also the daughter of the waiting, and the warrior himself is currently enthusiastically arguing, so it is the idea of ​​the warrior that it is the same wherever he argues with his help. Place this girl near the doorway. The eyes of the warrior must have been wrong, and as soon as the girls appeared to the extent that they couldn't get angry.
It is Tomiko who is pathetic here, and one day when she returns from the outside, all the kimonos are gone. Kiyoto put all the rest into the pawnbroker, leaving only two up-a-parts and Yukata's shabby Fudan. We must take responsibility for making the important regulars angry and causing the business to slump. When I wanted a kimono, I asked my husband to take it out for No. 2 and gave me a pawnbroker.
"Datsute Seto-san's debt should be paid by Seto-san?"
"Stupid. It's normal for Seto to pay the debt of Seto. Besides, you have to make up for the lack of customers. It's easy to become No. 56. 56 Take in the man of the people and become the second joint issue. Even though he is a waiting daughter, he has no arms, he goes out, or he is dead. "
After saying something terrible, I always went out with a puppy.
If you don't have a kimono, you can't even go to the audience seats. There is no way to do it.
However, every time Yadoroku sees Tomiko's face, he says that he is stupid, whether he has reached No. 2 or not yet. I don't talk about anything outside. A beautiful female salary has also come. Tomiko had a costume and had been evacuated that much during the war, so the money that was put into the pawnbroker and rolled into the foot of the inn was a big thing. , The idea of ​​Yado Roku doesn't move anymore. Tomiko is regrettable because she understands this. If she goes out, the victory of Yado Roku will be visible, but even if she doesn't go out, Osandon can't stand it anymore. I really want to look down on the second leading issue in the world.
Tomiko Matsutaku felt like she wasn't in the mood anymore, so she jumped out with her apartment and walked halfway to the president of the company, the father of the wholesaler, and the bald head of the printing shop, but she shrugged and moved. I couldn't do it, so I went to Kurata's apartment. However, it is said that Kurata will not go home for three days, but the wife of the absence is kind and charming with two dashing children, seven and five. Maa, I'm sorry to say that I'll be back soon, so while I was talking to him, it was night, and Kurata came back in the middle of the night, and that night was Kurata's apartment. I spent it.
However, Kurata suddenly lost interest in the raccoon dog shop, and became white and almost unwilling to go out to play.
One was the cause of the oversight of sending Oko Chiyan's treasured child, and although he has talent, he is still 20 daughters, and only a woman and a geisha know. In courtesy of the Hanayanagi world, the waiting daughter treats the geisha, and the geisha treats the waiting daughter. He was loved and scorned, and he also had a good management skill, but he couldn't do it at a raccoon dog shop. The beautiful female salary of the raccoon dog is a clerk and a shop girl who is 234, 45 and half muddy, and he said that he wanted to have an affair and decided to go on this road. It was also expected that there would be a raccoon dog.
Because the skin was different from that of Oko Chiyan, she got angry when she was slammed by a little girl and said something, and aftermath, Kurata warrior was also smoky and somehow got angry.
Kurata should have a role depending on his position as a military teacher, there is no idiot to work at, and there must be a reward for his work. However, it seems that the five female salaries are united, revealing the faithful demon phase of the store, and despising Kurata, who calls himself a privileged class.
Because the old man is enthusiastic about money, not only his wife but also the woman's salary will be covered, and the clerk who is a shop girl is charged high in the abacus, so when it comes to money, it transcends good and evil Don't be ashamed to be a clerk. However, the highest-ranked person who devotes himself to money from the bones should be able to clarify the reward for labor as he devotes himself to money. He called him out at the Gokaisho and had a drink, saying that he wouldn't be able to put it in. However, there is no help at all.
"There is no such thing as free work for those who really understand money. In the first place, the spirit of making money is the spirit of demanding income for work, and I want to pay a lot of money for this. Even if you brush your shoes, it's 3 yen. Beginners of money want to make people work for free and make their own money, but this is a feudalist of money, and it's a slave partner There is no such thing as a lord, and in modern times there is no absolute principle to make money in isolation. If you do not understand this reason, there will be no ally. "
"Yeah, I don't want to have any allies. I believe that money is isolated. I ask you to scout about your wife and the situation in the store. I should have paid for it, but I don't remember asking for anything after that. I don't have to pay for not asking. You don't have to pay for your shoes without asking. "
"Isn't it possible to understand life in such a way, or to hang it on my neck? It's my life to squeeze all the wisdom and make money. It can't be helped if this is a Kara gun, but if it hits, you have to pay a reward. Nobunaga and Hideyoshi are the landlords who have made good use of the dark merchants of Kauifu Chie.
"I don't understand. I don't have as many dreams as Nobunaga and Hideyoshi. Dreams are a burden. Isn't it okay to just trade with my limits and as needed?"
"That's why. That's the limit. Where is such a handy thing to say as needed? Excuse me, Mr. Mogami trades as needed to achieve the intended purpose. Kana. The monkey-faced crowner "Sarumenkaja" had to become a taiko in order to take Yodo-kun, but of course he was a widow of Gamo Ujisato and the daughter of Sen no Rikyu. There is no limit to the true limit, but anyway, some of the women I aimed for are things, and this limit is a national lord. Excuse me, the owner of the Tanuki shop is still not said to be the owner of Ichijo Ichikuni. Maybe it's Ashikaga or Ane. Anyway, I'm the owner of the Tanuki shop Noren, so I'm thirty-four. It may be a samurai of Ishitori, but it's a poor Zamrai who isn't so happy yet, and there are places where the hardships of living are more imminent than the hardships of women. It's no good. Don't be a national lord. A. I'm not going to make it pass by Maru, if you try to do it now, and trade as needed. There is no such thing as a widow, a, it is the cave that I put in you and wisdom, you are currently a samurai of thirty-four stones, I am footsteps. At the very least, I want to be with the widow Gura, hey, isn't it?
"You're an orthodox sect. You're a classical sect. I'm a savvy guy. And the real standards are small by nature. I'm a hula when the Prime Minister tries to get a radish. A poor college student who is born and has no interest in it, and a poor college student successfully manages with a maid in a boarding house, and a greengrocer's father gives a radish of three sen and five liters to three sen. I'm jealous of just getting sick, so it's a good idea to flirt with a poor family at a greengrocer right now. I'm not the same as you. "
"I'm sorry, Sau, Twisted Chiya A. No matter how closely the thought of Professor Mogami sticks to the ground and crawls on the horizon, humans will never lose their dream of wanting a national daimyo."
Kurata mourned, but he didn't have a single accusation, and I was jealous of a poor college student doing well with his daughter in the boarding house, so I couldn't handle it.
So he lost the passion of the warrior and told Oko Chiyan, stop it, it's wasteful because there is no one who will reward you for how much work you have done. Oko Chiyan is also a wacky girl, and I don't have that purpose anymore, I'll give a bubble to the five female salaries and then quit, until then. , Say. I don't know, Kurata no longer appears to the raccoon dog shop, and he is extremely busy with the mouth of the raccoon dog, the raccoon dog, and the raccoon dog. Raccoon dog.
Kurata took a long breath at Tomiko's tears.
"That's not good. Still, I'm thinking about it, I'm sorry. I'm up-a-parts, I'm small, and I'm going to make me No. 2. It's cheaper than the price cut down. Anyway, let's get rid of the kimono. "
I went to Oko Chiyan and asked him to wear a kimono. However, when Tomiko lost her kimono and became a selfish specialist, she said that she wouldn't have two selfish people. When Tomiko went to the store, the maid wasn't enough.
Then, there was a young man who happened to drink around Kurata that night and stopped with him. He was originally a philosophical student, and after graduating, he was summoned to live as a soldier on the continent and returned, but while he helped with the editing of a small magazine, he became acquainted with Kurata and was devoted to it. He was called a teacher, and I was very impressed to meet a great thinker for the first time.
Hearing the whole story of Tomiko, it was okay, and I said that I would do whatever I wanted.
"Hey, you're in trouble too. Can you cook?"
"When I was a soldier, I did it on the continent. You can do anything, like pigs, snakes, locust teriyaki."
"Don't cook such rough food"
"No, the spirit of scholarship is not the same as the spirit of application."
"I have a different experience with my heart. Daiichi-kun, I know how to apply it from high-end to low-end dishes, but I can't let snakes and locusts apply it to eels and shrimp. U "
"It's getting better and better. Well, look at it. The soldiers are foodies."
"I don't know, but it's dangerous. And you, Mr. Mogami, can't give you enough rewards."
"No, it's okay. This is because there is another way to make money in the dark shop. If the cook used to cook a dish of 50 yen with a raw material of 30 yen, I would You can make a dish of 50 yen for 15 yen or 10 yen. With the difference, you can pull up 45 cups of Kastori shochu from the Tanuki shop and sleep. "
"The idea is okay"
Because of that, I also made a cook. There are seven beautiful people in the store, one cook in the dressing room, and this cook, who is a philosopher who wants to be away from the world, is a legend of this country, he invented it again. He's a terrible guy, and he picks up the pieces of vegetables from the other philosophers and feeds them to the mamma and the customers. Since he is a philosopher, he shouldn't give up a heavenly machine, wipe his mouth to Madame and the woman's salary, give him a secret, and show his power to tilt 78 cups of Kastori every night.
★
I went to the store to borrow money, but when Tomiko got sick of money, I couldn't even get rid of it, and I couldn't get it on the board. Appears on the outer shape, and somehow everything is poor and has no stagnation.
Because of the impatience that I wanted to get into No. 2's mouth, I felt sad, sick, hungry and rugged, and the dashing remnants of the old days disappeared.
For those who don't know, I can't think of this as Madam, and I think it's the newest half-colored madman. For those who squirm and grin, or who know the true nature of this person, it's really unbearable to see.
In Kaunatsu, the wife of the six inns looks lowly like a maggot, so every time she sees her face, she can only go out. I tried to persuade the five female salaries instead, but I laughed and ran away, I was scolded that I shouldn't turn around, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I got a problem brilliantly It doesn't become.
Next, I took my hand and tried to talk to Banko again, but when I said that I would buy a kimono, the other party asked me if I would pay for the quality of Ara and Madam's kimono. , The person who told me to have a shop is grinning, saying that it shouldn't be 300,000 scents. The person who invited me to go to the hot spring was lightly dismissed as I already had someone to go to the hot spring.
There are not only five women in the world, so Mr. Mogami, I wasn't surprised, and I wasn't surprised at the money. It was special to wear my wife's kimono and show her a mischievous place, but I really wanted money, so I can't help it. If you feel like you're all together, you can make money with them, make money, and get a beautiful female salary with just one advertisement. The master's quarrel is that Yanagi has a breeze, but it is known that there are a couple of people each, so it is unavoidable to envy them. Until I squeeze it,
"Aside from that, a bottle of beer is sold for 200 to 280 yen, so we'll start tomorrow at 190 yen."
I just said that and fell asleep. Tomiko was also in trouble and consulted with the female salary, and she said that she couldn't accept the customer because of that, and she was asked to come to the top from the Gokaisho, but it's cheaper than 190 yen. I can't accept it.
"It's the price of a cafe."
"Cafes and izakaya are priced from 350 yen to 500 yen. It's 200 yen for a restaurant with a woman's waiter, a small restaurant, and a small Oden small dish, so if it's 190 yen, it's aside. It's cheaper. I don't know the market price that changes like a cat's eyes, and I can't say cheeky things that I can't sell because it's bad for customers. "
"Isn't there a purchase of 80 yen? Rather than a comparison of other market prices, isn't it a pleasure to sell and make a profit?"
"It's 10 yen cheaper than the market price and it's on-the-go. It's my skill to buy cheaply, so it's your skill to sell it. I'm suspicious of the charges. If you don't mind, stop it. "
It disappeared with words. When everyone was stunned, Mr. Cook, who boiled and arranged the scraps of garbage in the kitchen, where did he get it at that time? ..
"I will buy cheap Kastori from tomorrow, so I will mainly sell it to regular customers, and when it is sold out, I will sell the goods in the store. For beer and sake in the store, only those who are prepared to tell the price in advance I was drinking. I buy five Kastori every day and sell them for 1,800 yen, so even if you sell them for 3,500 yen or 4,000 yen, you're seven. Divide by people and make a profit of 300 yen per person. Be patient with this profit with a warrior. The profit depending on your skill is the tip. The profit of this general is the profit of that. There are a lot of them. If the store is fast, I will buy Ito, Nito, and other beer skis.
Tomiko was pleased with Matsusaki, saying that she was in favor of Ara. It's because it's a dream that you can make your own money even if it's 300 yen. At 11 o'clock, Mr. Cook hangs a can of Kastori early and pulls it up. He buys five squares for 600 yen, so he earns 900 yen. However, the original price is 1,500 yen, and I would like to say that it is a sacrificial service that makes only 300 yen like you.
"Beer and liquor are too expensive, and this cast is too expensive, so everyone is drinking outside, and I'm just screaming, and I'm arguing with a woman. If you try to sell sake at, you will get it and it will be a collection type. "
Mr. Cook said to the general with an unfamiliar face. Then, every time both the female salary and Tomiko saw the general's face,
"If you raise the price of drinks, you've got a whole lot of stuff."
And spilled
"When should I put some coffee?"
I try to say something like that.
Sales fell from one-third before the price increase to half even on a good day. If you only drink one or two bottles, add a 100-yen coin to the izakaya for 150 yen, sake for 200 yen, and beer for 300 yen. Even if I couldn't do it, I frowned that I was in trouble, but everyone was already calm.
Two customers are forced to do only one izakaya, three people are forced to do two, and regulars who come alone are forced to do it once every two or three days. The rest is Kastori's service. Some people say that I'll do two things today, Nani, I'll do three things, Ara, I'll do it, even if I don't. Even if you overdo it, the women's reunion is not happy inwardly, so it is better to sell Kastori. Nowadays, Mr. Kok is renewing his bicycle and picking up a cankarakan of five squares. There are times when the sales of izakaya are about 15 to 30 servings, but since there is no way to make a lot of generals make money, Kastori's izakaya is derived from Mr. Paracock's Kankarakan, and the general's income is average. It's about 10 servings, but even this is not the same as the old days.
Mr. Mogami, well, if you go to this school, you will have a net profit of 1,500 yen a day, and the salary and other things of the woman's salary will be deducted, leaving 1,000 yen, so even if you do it every day, it will be a castor. If you put up with it or if you have 100,000 stools left in a year, you can calculate it.
However, the profits of the shop staff are not so good. First of all, Mr. Kok's net profit is 1,800 yen, women's is 900 yen, and Kastori's average is 2,000 yen a day, and Mr. Kok is also included in this. After all, Mr. Kok is 2,000 yen, the women's ream is over 1,000 yen, and the women's ream has chips, and Mr. Kok has a lot of scraps and a salary, so it is more profitable than the general. I will give you.
Mr. Cook's popularity seems to be ridiculous when it grows. Tomiko thought that she wouldn't be forced to become the second bald tama when natural money was once seen, so she wanted to join with a fun person like Mr. Kok and call the current inn Roku Gahun. .. The women's reams are women's reams, and each one has an affair, but when you look at the flirtation, there is nothing like that. I want to live a life with a mandrel. This guy is the one, so I'll give each cook a color.
However, Mr. Kok is a disciple of Taisei Kurata, and he knows that cheating is as boring as his wife. He is an idealist because he is young, saying that it is more important to become a lord of the country, rather than having an affair in the near future. He had the ability to step on flat chara.
He observes that Oko Chiyan is extremely popular, his charm, customer's straps, money account's crispness, face and appearance are first-class, and he does not yet know his cheating spirit. Then, when I talked with Shirahane's arrow, Oko Chiyan was also fascinated by his skill, so he hit it off, but because he was a clever two people, he could make money without being caught by anyone, and the market I opened a store in one place, put in a carpenter, and announced to the customer that everything was going to open, and it disappeared with my hands.
Because the wholesaler of Kastori has moved, the remaining women's reams will not be enough. It is not a business from the beginning just by going through the shop. Then, before the season, I went to another store, the one who was with Kuraga, the one who was with the customer, the five women disappeared at once, and the only one left was the stunned Tomiko.
Until now, I have worked as one. The enemy was a general, and the rest were comrades, and although he should have lived his days happily, he was able to hold his hand with Oko Chiyan and work fast. Yes, even if the remaining women's reams consult with each other, Tomiko has no one to talk to, and no one asks what to do with you. Only ourselves decided to talk, and a word of goodbye, everyone disappeared, and only Tomiko was left behind.
After being betrayed by everyone, being left behind and crying over the coldness of humanity, I realized that this was my home, what my home was like, and the humanity of the roadside. I felt like I was a little better than that. This was a failure, and I couldn't do it because I was able to break through the whole story to my inn Roku.
When Yado Roku was finished, quietly raised his face
"Hey, give me a mess"
Tomiko suddenly changed her complexion
"Ara, I bought three kimonos from Oko Chiyan."
"Stupid. It's been April since then. I bought three kimonos, and I have more than 100,000 left. This is it."
And, I scratched the hikidashi and trunk of the bowl and cupboard, and turned over the gaps and tatami mats of the nageshi, but I couldn't understand. I can't find it even if I take out the winter futon that I haven't used for a long time, unsew it, and look between the cotton.
"I haven't put it in my house."
"where is it"
"It's entrusted to Mr. Kurata's wife."
Of course, I was lying. It is not something that a woman of obsession can entrust herself to a person and get a good night's sleep.
"My money is mine."
"Stupid. It's a business disruption."
"If it's your business policy, your own sales aren't as good as it is now, and the store should have collapsed. Thanks to us, you've made a lot of money, so you're self-employed. Isn't it? If you're sorry, why don't you try again in the same way as Mr. Cook and make a profit? We will work together to recruit a new female salary and make a lot of money. Yeah, you. "
"Jiyaa, go to the newspaper soon"
"Oh, you"
Yado Roku should be detailed, write an advertisement draft and attach it to your wife 、
"Go right away"
"I don't like it"
"Why don't you go?"
It can't be accumulated, it can be fluttered with five or six and crackling. Because Tomiko is so sticky, there is always a hessokuri somewhere in this house. I suddenly noticed the four braziers I bought at the low price in early spring. It is piled up in the back of the closet. The inside of that ashes is suspicious.
When I opened the closet and put my hand on the brazier, Tomiko clung to her waist. As soon as Tomiko was kicked down, beaten warmly and extended, and the brazier in the back was taken down, Tomiko sneaked up and kidnapped her leg. It was the last time I saw a wad of bills with the ashes of the brazier tilted over my chest. Tomiko grabbed the ashes and pushed them into the eyes of Yado Roku. At the end of the wad of bills that I glanced at, Yado Roku's eyes fell to the bottom of the darkness.
Tomiko wears a kimono. Yado Roku has a lot of trouble, and it's hard to notice it on the way, so he throws the ashes of another brazier from his head and pushes the ashes together with his eyes, nose, and mouth. I took out about 100,000 braziers from the two braziers in the back, and wrapped them together with the kimono and handicrafts.
Yado Roku crawls down on his own and is about to aim for the water supply. On the way out, I smashed another handful of ashes into my nose, and Okayu's pot slammed over my head and popped out.
★
The superficial person closed the shop and drank with a twist. At the store, you can't drink all the alcoholic beverages for a week if you drink them alone. At night, I go outside, come back in a staggered manner, and dig into the perennial floor. When I run out of money to drink, I'm going to hang my neck and die. However, I take stomach medicine 78 times a day and take good care of my stomach.
There is no such thing as a thought of death. It's a pity that the wad of bills that showed a glimpse from under the ash that was squeezed. Tomiko's wad is regrettable about where, with whom, and what to do with that wad. I can't do anything about it. Haha, when I realize that it's a brazier, I'll have to keep drinking sake from the store in a long-term battle with an unfamiliar face. Tomiko was supposed to go to the toilet, and at that time she could have nailed the toilet. I'm sorry to say that I'm dying.
There were times when customers from the store hit the door, and Kurata came and yelled at Mr. Mogami, I wonder if it wasn't there, but he had an unknown face, closed the door, nailed the main parts, and drank sake. , I'm on the floor for a long time.
In about two months, I drank alcoholic beverages from the store, but his hesitation came to the end. However, there is still a last resort to sell the store. From now on, when I think about drinking this shop, I feel somehow refreshing and refreshing in my stomach. Instead, I was worried about when and where I should hang my neck, and I was worried that I could go down to the roadside trees. If you go to the burnt area, there is a steel frame on the chimney, such as a bathhouse or a factory, so you can go down to that steel frame.
Winter has come. He came to the leather jamper and found a store for Mr. Kok and Oko Chiyan in the market. I came to commercial use. I'm trying to sell a store, but I thought I'd buy it a little more expensive in the old Najimi, but why don't you say that he's a set of 300,000, but Mr. Cook is 70,000? , And a fluffy reply. Then, Oko Chiyan was from the side, and there was a bad place there, so I didn't like it.
Chiya Udo Kurata came.
"I wonder if I'm going to sell the store. I'm sorry. I don't think it's a good idea to let one flower go to the store, but I wonder if I'll sell the store and do something else."
"Drink it and hang your neck."
"I see. That's okay. But what. There are some women who don't have art. The art is the twill of life. Everyone dies in a hurry because they die naturally.ゝ I don't want to die, why don't I make money because I don't have money, I know that I can make a woman because I don't have a woman, but I don't have money to commit suicide I don't know. Jiyaa, how do you like it? Mr. Mogami, I want to buy a shop, but I don't have the money, so I wonder if you can lend it to me. "
"You can lend it. If it's 30,000 yen every month."
"If you pay 30,000 yen for rent, anyone can buy it."
"I have 30,000 yen a month."
"Well, it's been ten months since the store sold at the price of Mr. Mogami. It's the purchase price of Oko Chiyan, two months and ten days. . I'm afraid I'm having trouble with tomorrow's meal after drinking all my fortune overnight, or even if I make Oko Chiyan my boyfriend, the taste of sake is getting better and I feel like dying I've never done that, but I don't understand the idea of ​​Mr. Mogami. I don't know about Ji, A, Kaushichi, and A. Oko Chiyan has a branch office for a raccoon dog shop. Assuming that I am the manager, 60% of the net profit on the way up the store is Oko Chiyan, 20%, how about the manager's salary and rent.
"No. Is a manager like a teacher hiring unpaid?"
"I don't know what to say. I don't have the skills to cook from hakidame, but at a raccoon dog shop, on average, Kastori Nito overnight, I'm confident that this is the only thing I can do. Would you like to go with the Nito Ifu contract system? Net profits over Nito will be my profit, and days under Nito will be deducted from my salary.
"Account"
"I don't like it. Mr. Mogami, I met him once in a while, and he broke up without any worries.
"I came to commercial"
"I'm sorry. I don't think it's a good idea to turn the commercial of Mr. Mogami into a teaser, so I thought it was a bite, but Oko Chiyan is the other party. Mr. Mogami is decisively zero in business talent. At this point, the business talks will be canceled and I will give him a drink. It's enthusiastic that the neck is also commercial. I don't know if the neck is enthusiastic, but I can't wait to talk about life, anything commercial, anything. , I don't think it's too bad for a commercial person to gradually peel off the skin and approach the neck, but this is a shallow amateur idea. I'm still enough for Mr. Mogami. I don't think there is something that isn't there. That is, don't take the idea that flirtation is a religion. That is, flirtation is a religion. Both Christ and Shaka preach. It's called "teacher's neck". Flirtation is also a way to save a woman. An argument is a way to save a woman. It's a way to save a woman. It's saved by an affair. It's saved by the body. Kara guns are not good. Don't lie and persuade a woman to give you 10,000 yen or to have a shop. You don't have to do anything. Don't let Moi pretend to have no money and persuade a woman. Play and flirtation are more interesting lives than doing it, so we'll let you do it. Because I believe in the reason for that truth, I believe that by persuading her and her responding to it, she will be saved, that is, my The cheating spirit is Christ, and the cheating of Mr. Mogami is Christ. They say "Shomon Engaku". They see the truth, but they know that they will save people. Therefore, they will save themselves. Save by death. You commit yourself because you take the truth. It dies. Because human beings are alive. Because the living one ends when it dies, when you see the truth, you die. Hey, it's boring, the truth is. There, it's said that it's not good, so in India, a bodhisattva appeared. This is a color poppy. A lonely Tetsuto The spirit of the Bodhisattva is sensual because it's not good. It is this, that is, sex appeal, that saves people. Life isn't colorful, it's not good. What is the color of the color? If it is a man, it saves a woman, if it is a woman, it saves a man, that is, a bodhisattva. The flirtatious thing is a bodhisattva. You, squeezing money, trying to get a woman, that is the idea of ​​the lonely Tetsuto of India. "
"I don't think about it. I think I want to think about it like that. I don't have words to think about, but to persuade a woman or make money. It's okay. Death is only on words. "
"It's not good to talk to Okuu. You need to have emotions to persuade a woman by saying that you shouldn't use wasteful words. This way for women It's a good road, so I'm sorry to say that the truth is clear, but there are artistic things such as expedients for Buddha Sama and orchestras for the Salvation Army. It's a waste. You're a waste, so the back of the money is the neck. A. But you, the back of the money is the money, the back of the woman is the woman, don't worry, this lives. That's right. To live, you can't die. Ah, Sausa, Tomiko appears every night at this shop. With her boyfriend and aesthetician. Currently, the dance hall. I'm a ticket seller, and I'm a companion under the same roof as my boyfriend, but recently, somehow, I've come up with a color that I want to argue with. That person when I was with you doesn't feel like arguing. But, in other words, what ah, your thoughts have made your wife sick, so the loneliest Tetsuto is probably the most sick and sick. It may be a woman who hasn't been trained or has a bad feeling. "
Tomiko came alongside Seto there. Looking at the old inn Roku, a rare person is coming. Nee I said tonight, but Tomiko comes to this shop every night alongside Seto. Because I want to show off the place.
However, recently, Tomiko has become poor again. It was good until I grabbed 100,000 yen and ran to Seto, but it was difficult for Yado Roku to chase after me and get it back. I started earning money, but I wasn't interested in the hot springs because of the drinks in Seto. The reason why I come to drink with him is to round up with three cups and return home, in addition to the spirit that I want to show to the old Yado Roku, but then the aesthetician sprinkles Tomiko on the way, drags and drags. It's a story that no one knows, such as being struck, being struck, stopping by another house, another cup, and returning to the house, where the sun is struck by a twisting quarrel. Tomiko thinks about why she has a bad luck in the inn, and whether she should push it to that Kinukawa and Ifuiro man, or when to push it to the president's bald Atama No. 2. I'm sorry.
The superficial person took out his notebook from his pocket and looked it up, but when he raised his face, he turned to Seto,
"Your debt is still 965 yen, so I'm here today."
"I'm sorry. I don't have enough with me today."
"Well, wipe off your cloak."
"Sauka, Jiyaa"
Seto stood up and sewed his cloak.
At that time, I was present at this bar. I don't have to write every single one I see. It's ridiculous. Let's just leave it to the end.
"Please borrow 1,000 yen with this."
Seto sent a cloak to Oko Chiyan. Since this cloak is a souvenir of his life in Manchuria, the item is excellent, and it will be a thousand yen, so Oko Chiyan lent it for 1,000 yen.
The superficial person put 1,000 yen into his pocket, put a change of 35 yen, and put his hands in his pocket as it was, and he lost it. Kurata said something, but he didn't reply.
When Seto returned, it was cold when he wiped his cloak, and Tomiko shouted, saying that it was cold and pitiful. Just after sending out with Arigato, Seto laughs with a meds, and Jiya, A, and the two disappear to the outside.
In short, that's all I saw. From that day on, I decided to drink here. However, on the third day, something changed happened at this store as well.
Oko Chiyan is already big onaka. Then, Yado Roku had already become a man with a castle in one country, so Oko Chiyan sniffed out that he had been a concubine of a dancer for hundreds of years, so be prepared for a million yen. He kidnapped a wad of bills and fell into a concubine with a college student.
I heard it, I saw it, I wrote it, and I don't know what will happen, happiness, unhappiness, or the fate of anyone.
When I came back from the urine, while I was busy with both the abandoned Yado Roku sensei, the cook and the waiter,
"I can't do this again, I can't start over. Don't feel bad, please stay with me for a while. Hey, look forward to it."
It was unrelenting.
[#New Page]
[# 3 indentation] [# middle heading] Broken heart [# middle heading end]
At the bar of Ochiai Tendo, who escaped to Oko Chiyan, there was no noise as expected from Tendo, and he started to revive in the same way as Hakidame. The customers who aimed at Oko Chiyan disappeared, but new customers who said that they could drink cheaply for rosacea gradually regained the prosperity of the old days, so the cook served the bartender and the heavens. The next talented person can't handle it either. However, it is not really good because the customer is indiscriminately persuading a woman if he gets drunk, such as earning a couple's income or sending his mistress to a service, and the boundary between family and business becomes unclear. A beautiful woman's salary is also very ordinary, and if you get along with the host, you will stay at the store, but if you do not, when and with whom you will disappear, there will be strings, a hot spring trip without permission, etc.ゝ Rude, originally, the Japanese drinkers in this section are liquor than women, liquor a little cheaper, and because they are already fasting children, it is not motivated to apply women. If you sit down with a beautiful woman, you can go to the next store by yourself because this sake is expensive, and even if you use expensive tableware, it looks pale at first glance. The old customer called Oi Oyaji, the owner of the bar, but the customer in this section is my husband, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry for the inconvenience. Debilitated and pretty.
Therefore, Tendo Ochiai visited the Tenmeikyo branch in his home town, reconsidering the place where he requested and settled down from the beginning of the times. There is a poor family with no relatives, a sick person, a widow with a lot of children, a loose head, a fanatic fox, and an eleven family living together with mess and lice. Hit the lice in the morning and evening and dance. When I asked to hire a person with a monthly salary of 1,000 yen and meals, everyone suddenly got angry and pushed me to make an offer. It's a business trip test, and it's said that he was foxed and failed to commit suicide three times. There are also women who give advice, and all of them are unique personalities who hide their devilishness and give off fairy tales, but Tendo is not disturbed, sits smiling, and treats them one by one.
There was one Biko, 39 years old, Yabunirami woman inside.
"You seem to have a bad leg, but I wonder if the sake bottle will be spilled or the spill of the cup will spill while carrying it."
"Yes, I try to do it, so there are no more accidents than other people."
"Well, please show me when you are."
Therefore, take a tray and let the cup fill with water and carry it. Then, he puts the edge of the tray on his nose and slowly slows down. It's cursed like a snail because it's carefully made to squeeze one pair at a time.
"Hahaa, that is, the way to carry Omiki to the shrine. But when you carry alcohol or food, don't do it all the time."
"Yeah, I've never carried Omiki. When I carry things, I always do it."
"Then is it the Ogasawara style?"
"Yeah. I have bad eyesight, so it's dangerous because I can't see it unless I give it to my eyes."
"Astigmatism. Is it myopia?"
"Yes, it's called amblyopia. You can't see it clearly unless you get close to your eyes. Because the cup is transparent."
"That's both good and bad. Jiyaa, read this."
Take out a notebook and hand it over. I read it from my eyes to the place where I was about 5 minutes away. When I tried to count the number of bills, I held it up to the point where I was about 5 minutes away from my eyes and swung my nozoki glasses. When I handed over the box saying that I like cigarettes, I held it up to 5 minutes and opened the lid to pull out one. It's so funny to get a cigarette out of the eyeball.
"Do you know the customer's face?"
"I can see the face of a person. Because of my bad eyesight, my ears are sensitive, so even if I look backwards, I can see the situation with a sign. At the time of the air raid, at the military watch station, it's more than a hearing device. Hey, there was a special delivery. "
"That's amazing. What about your husband and children?"
"Hey, I used to be a letterpress wife, but I'm divorced and now I'm alone."
"I see, the letterpress shop's wife was blind and inconvenient."
"It's not that, though. Before I knew it, my maid was a wife and I was a maid, so I was stupid, so I got some free time."
"Even though I was able to get rid of Yado Roku and chase after the maid."
"Hey, I have a habit of snoring very much. I can't sleep with you, so I'm a literary person and I'm nervous, so I'm suffering from insomnia. I don't want to hear it in the storeroom, and I'm a maid with this, and my big snoring doesn't heal or I don't sleep in the storeroom anyway. It's easier to snoring alone at any time than to get married and have a snoring feeling. "
Tendo thought that this was a highlight. The eyes are yabunirami, but the size is completely different between right and left, one is round and one jumps in a triangle. The nose is a lion's nose, and one side of the mouth is turned up and has protruding teeth, and it is full of freckles, but it is somewhat charming as a whole, and it is innocent and dark to see. It should have been a lifelong eye, but the reason why there is no gloomy stamp on the soul or the outer shape is that there is a loose part of the head, and instead Tenshin Lanman, modern people are deficient. There is a place that embodies the hope of life. However, because I am too short
"How is Say?"
"Ehe. It's lower than average, it's a little lower, it's Chiyodogura, but I won't measure it for a long time."
"4 shaku 5 inch or ne"
"Ehehe"
"It's a four-shaku"
"115 centimeters"
Well, it doesn't mean that the neck doesn't come out from the table of the stand. I decided that there would be no mistake because I would bring it to my neck or dedicate it to the height of my eyes, and I asked this person to come to the store from that day.
"Yaah, it's irritating. This booger is our new face, Yoshiko Takara, but as you may know, if you say Yocchiyan, a hearing device during the war, or Obasan, a new weapon, the Eastern Army He was a national treasure-class person who was screaming, and he was a truly dignified person. He was a genius who was surprised to hear the sound of picking the booger of the customer even if he was backwards.
Obasan, who had only his neck, reciprocated at the speed of Namekuji, holding the tray at eye level, on the other side of the line of drunken people. Obasan: When I say early and early, I don't rush to the failure of my life, I expose my big eyes to the maximum and concentrate my whole spirit on the eyeballs, and proceed to the swordsman's serious game. Thanks to the low speed, I didn't have to make a round trip, and when I called it, I replied with a loud voice that was out of tune, but I didn't look at me and did not collapse into the desperate structure, and I fought seriously. Sweat flows, breathing is rough, and sometimes I wipe my sweat when I have a fight, and I love talking with him without feeling hungry, and even secret arts such as "Hama no Uta" and "Small Coffee Shop". And the voice is also good. It's very popular, and there's nothing wrong with picking up any of them, such as a trip to Namekuji, a desperate desperate spirit, a discourse style, and a chanson. There is a voice of spirit, the essence of the sword, a cool breeze, and something that really touches the hearts of profane people, and I want to order an extra pie as much as I want.
Mr. Hirofumi Kurata was also very impressed, and he was already a master.
"Don't you look up? This is you, a creation, an art. Ah, the discovery that a surprising person suits the tastes of the times, a new weapon rather than Balzac's creation of a cousin Bette. Isn't Obasan's creative appearance more amazing? I'm sorry. I see, human creation is a specialized patent only for literature. I want a hint of creation. Isn't it? "
"All inspiration is a coincidence. Life and art have one purpose, life-saving. That's where Tyco is smoothed."
"What kind of tyco?"
"It's Tenmeikyo. I don't know as much as the teacher. In Tenmeikyo, I hit the tyco in the morning and evening and dance. The purpose is life-saving, this is a genius, and it means life. Isn't it great truth? The teacher emphasizes the power of money about the virtues of cheating, but only Tetsuto thinks about life, and in general, human beings talk about cheating and money in the world of silent execution. Isn't there a truth that requires a proof editorial everywhere? For human beings, the purpose of life is life-saving, which is reasonable, and affordable is the great truth. No, life-saving. Watching a movie, life-saving. Everything is rooted in itself, and when I knead the cave and explain Lulu, I can't convince myself that there is no real place to play. And the soldiers are at the height of life-saving, because the soldiers in the battlefield don't have to worry about tomorrow's meals. No rice. No liquor. No cigarettes. Eno is a cosmic mind, and there are days when it rains like it rains, days when it rains women, and days when it rains. At least it's a heaven and earth, and war and soldiers are the universe itself. Magical ramps, fluttering sesame, dreams and life there, under the bottom. What you do is lost. The soldiers have nothing. They have neither magic nor humor. That is why they have the universe. They all go to God, sell the fields, sell the mansion, sell all the mansions, own the universe, dance with the tyco, life-saving, profound. The liquor store is also a sanctuary of life-saving life, so everything you can bring to the liquor store, you own the universe, and you have to raise your feelings to that extent, but human beings It's a terrible feeling, thinking about a wife for each pie, crying, crying, getting drunk, paying money, and a sad feeling. The only thing that saves this sadness is the feeling of Tahodokoshi, a beautiful woman. Don't be paid by a woman, customers get tired of it, another cup, cherio, you can get food you don't want to eat, you just have a sigh of tears It's a terrible thing, it's not a life-saving thing. Hodokoshi's feelings are not good. Seeing beggars, pitying, making money, begging that I saw as a flickering of The 10-yen coins are messed up in the middle, so it's a terrible thing. As far as Obasan, a listening device, is concerned, there is no point in forcing people to get tired. Humans fall into beggars, but she is not the only one to fall into, so she is not a beggar. She used to be a typographic wife, but before she knew it, she became a maid, but you, she didn't fall, so the original / \ should be, the maid is a salary. I'm getting money, but she's unpaid, an unpaid maid, and a genius. She is neither pathetic nor filthy, that is, in the universe itself. No matter how drunk any customer is, it doesn't cause any stuffiness, isn't it a great universe? Originally / \ Customers are poor, and they must be threatened with alcoholic beverages, foods, and so on. I know more than enough about my place, how many cups I can drink, the remaining 1 yen and 50 yen is the train fare, I will be prepared to get on, so if the cup is empty, the side dish is empty Don't look at it at all. That habit is unfriendly, and I'm afraid to look down at my place, and I'm sick of the sickness, so I'm totally debilitated and sick. That's why the old man in the bar is difficult to see from the place where you can see it. It's a human business, ah, no good, and it really requires a genius. When it comes to the Obasan of the listening device, I have no idea which one the eyeballs are looking at, I am quietly busy with the round trip of Namekuji, and the customers are not at all threatened, but rather they are squeezed like the Kinman family. Quickly, Kastori, I don't feel like this. Then, you, the namekuji and the desperate one, answer with a hey without showing the looseness of the eyeballs, you will permeate the customer's Harawata, long-standing hardship, heartache, misanthropy, forgetting everyone, drinking Don't worry. Life protection, our shop is the universe itself. "
"I see, it's a great genius."
And Hirofumi Kurata was very impressed.
At that time, I was the teacher of Kiyoto Omi, who overheard this, so I see, I stopped suicide because of this, and the Kohi store is still unsold, so I am also a genius. I'll look for it and get a thousand customers. When he was old, he was taught by his child, and he thought that he should not be a calyx to receive the truth.
★
Things respect God speed, it is a failure to be pondered, and since there is nothing to do with Kandokoro of things from Mr. Mogami, imitation is Hajimari of creative discovery, without hesitation to the Tenmeikyokai in my neighborhood Go out. I see, but it's too quirky, and there's probably more danger of chasing it than sucking customers, and life-saving and genius aren't all there.
Then, at the end, the wolf of the church appeared, and although there were beautiful people who passed by one by one, they could not be treated like a housekeeper, and I couldn't show them. Because she is an exceptionally beautiful woman, she is perfect for a signboard girl who attracts customers from the store. Deliver to the church. He is a war victim and has no costume, so he has it at a raccoon dog shop. Then, in addition to the monthly salary prepayment, the deposit is 10,000 yen.
"Thousands of yen for commuting, 5,000 yen for living. I wonder if it's strange. I wonder if it's abekobeji."
"I don't know, my husband. You're a beautiful woman, you know."
"Hahaa. I see. Anyway, see you all."
"So my husband, I'll swallow my condition."
"I don't know what you're talking about."
"I'll let you meet, but I'm a beautiful scobble anyway. But I'm loose."
"what?"
"Hey, I don't know what you're looking for. I don't know what you're looking at. It looks like a terrific intellectual. That's why you're all bachelor's and college students. Also, I'm a gentle and adorable bachelor, and I'm ready to get married, and you're still eight months old. "
"Did you get divorced in eight months?"
"That's right. He's a well-made man, because he didn't have parents and he was an old woman. Other than that, there were usually one week to three days, one night, but you guys are all official. I won't forgive you for being lewd because my parents are sick. I'll fall into the church after the war and my parents will die, and then you, I'll be crazy and I won't let the wind hit you. . Since the end of the war, I haven't had any bugs. "
"How many?"
"It's twenty-four, but it looks like a hatachi. I'm sorry that my daughters got married eight times, and the customers of the shop pass by as virgins. Look at it. It's graceful, elegant, clever, and it always makes you look at a man's face. Because it's abundant, look at it with that eye, the customer thinks it's a virgin. Thousands of customers, no doubt. "
There, she was attached to the wolf, and her daughter appeared in the face, but it was really beautiful. Virginity, female college student, narrow eyes. However, she is annoyed because she is squeezed into one letter with Sue, and she is a female college student of the Heian dynasty, who is humorous and intelligent, in harmony with her plow and hot nose. The posture is balanced with the slurry, special, wonderful legs, review girl, movie actress, such a beautiful woman is not in Metta.
Because it was an unexpected beauty, the Supreme Person was stunned and suddenly jumped into the world without a cave. Isn't it true that the nature is a surprising craftsman when the Neji is loosened with this? Walking around the city with a gorgeous book or sheet music lightly embraced, it was elegant and humorous, and I wasn't a man with a heart, so I gave up on it. That's why it's a marriage of eight times. The superficial person was immediately jealous of the customer, and became uneasy about how to keep it secretly.
Life protection. What is this, not the universe itself? My heart is buzzing, and when I speak involuntarily, my voice buzzes and I can see through my heart, so I watch it silently. The more I see it, the more it buzzes, and I can't speak.
"Name is?"
First voice. First of all, I can't speak any more. The girl raised her face with a jerk, but she suddenly felt upset, and her eyes were hot, and she was faintly warm.
"I'm Eiko Saijo. Nice to meet you."
Because it wasn't the loose voice of Neji, the highest-ranked person was upset,
"Can you cook?"
My daughter was depressed
"I, the housekeeper, I don't like it."
Appeal to Okamisan. Kiyoto was struck by a gun and was struck by a gun.
"No, I cook the food"
"Mr. maid, I'm sorry"
Gaze at it. Kiyoto is the one who will take the test, so there is no point in asking and answering, so I put my hand in my pocket and took out my wallet.
"There are too many applicants for the maid. I eat ji and white rice. But I don't have a cook. During the war, I haven't been able to cook high-class food for ten years, so I'm good at it. I'm a cook and I've been in a top-class restaurant in Paris for a long time, so I don't have any Japanese customers or mottai, but I can't help it because I can't help it. "
Throw out with a 15,000 yen pong. It's called Yabure Kabure in the middle of suicide, but Yabure Kabure Gura wa doesn't make people more generous. This is already the thought of Zokkon, and it extends to Bakuro, so thank you for the Tenmei religion Obasan, with an ok face, while boringly counting the bills.
"I'm in trouble if my maid isn't there. I'm sorry for this child, my husband, I'll let you know one of us. I'll let you know. Didn't you? "
"When and when did you get rid of it? Because there is no way for a restaurant or a youkai change to cook rice."
"Instead, everyone is a hard worker. Please leave clothes Chiyan and Tamagawa-san. That person is suitable for restaurants. I will lift the Shito barrel. And because I have a strong faith, a collection of jidarac people It can be a show or a show. "
Because I lost the beads in my palm with just one reply, I couldn't help it. Then / \ I was spotted, so there is no way that the god of life-saving protection should have a knack.
"Hey, my husband, please donate 5,000 yen to the cost of building a new church. Anyway, my husband's business is abuku money, so if you use it in such a place, it will be beneficial later. It ’s for me to be in faith. ”
"I was worshiping when I couldn't turn my head because I had no sentence."
"Eh, eh, it's annoying at that time. I'll take good care of you. I'll pray to Tenmei-sama. All human beings are brothers, all of them are cute children of Tenmei-sama. There is no blood connection, so donate only 5,000 yen while you have money. I will give God the future. "
"It seems that I never asked God to do it."
"Apart from Otanomi, please do not hesitate. If my husband, Chiyan, is not Tae's daughter. Because she is a daughter who lives in the faith of Tenmeikyo, the heart of the child is one of God's hearts. Keep in mind that it's a mess. I'm going to report to God that I can't leave Oyurushi. "
"Oh, let's do it when Oyurushi came out."
The fox-possessed dance was shown while sitting in front of the god just after the stingy sexual roots were revealed, and at the end, 5,000 yen was sprinkled up. To be regrettable
"There will be no source of business for Yusurarechi and A. Motode's 5,000 yen will come to an inflationary era and ten times as much, so in the end it will be bad for the future of clothes. It will be. "
"Ara, is your husband hungry for Motode's money? I've never heard of such a story at the restaurant in this section. Arama, what should I do?"
Scream loudly. Then, the clothes Chiyan will be squeaky
"I don't like poverty. What should I do?"
"I'm not inconvenienced by 300,000 or 500,000. However, it's said that Motode is ten times as big, so even 5,000 yen is big.
Anyway, I was able to return to the raccoon dog shop with my clothes Chiyan and the attendant of Sekitori's big woman.
★
Open the door of the nailed shop with alcohol, food, and seasonings. The store was rehabilitated, but I couldn't expose my clothes to the store, so I asked him to sit in one room at all, and he cooked himself. Next to the cock is a room in the seat, so it's a great point to watch, and every time I leave the cock, it's heartbreaking. Therefore, for customer service, go to Tamagawa Seki. Tamagawa Seki is fifty-three, but apparently it is 456, five shaku, six inches and five minutes, wide shoulders, strong muscles, knotted arms, and dense hair on the shins. , I'm not a woman at all. After the sumo wrestling after the lesson, the hair is messed up and the eight swords are carried on the back. I can't say that I'm a life-saving guardian, with my mouth tied in a letter and a run-and-run eye, and every time a customer says something, he laughs and laughs.
"I can't do a shop, so I'm going to have an Obasan who has become a business at Kohi Church, so I'll ask him to come in the evening. I'll do shopping and Osandon."
Say it. It's not good to see Obasan coming from this upper church because of the opening of a Tenmeikyo store, but Tamagawa Seki carries a bales of eight swords on his back and hangs rice from Ichito Gomaku in both hands and backs with his toes. Whenever I open the door, I'm a woman, so I'll use it for the next group, cook rice, clean the center, and because I have irresistible skills, I'll give you a normal woman's salary. It is not known what kind of hit it will be if you ask for the arrival by relying on Tenmei-sama's will rather than searching.
What appeared there was a small old woman who was thin and sick, and had been running a small restaurant called Tacoske in Nihonbashi for about 20 years. He said that he brought his daughter because he was enthusiastic and his hands were free to spill and spilled liquor, and because he was unfamiliar with the water business, he was a guardian for the time being, and his daughter was twenty-eight. When I went back and forth, I didn't have anything to say about it. I don't know what the illness is, but I'm thin and crucifixed, and I'm in a bad mood. Seems to make the customer's butt last longer
"Okay, okay. You're back. The restaurant isn't in the hospital. Customers don't want to look at the top of the sick Buddha, so I'm wondering what my store is. I'm doing it in business. I don't have a bar where Tenmeikyo is open, so I'm going home. "
"Alemaa, my husband is a shit, this child has a trick. It's a trick without suspicion of Okami Masaru. It's really sad. I don't want to be disappointed by my husband, I don't want to do it. I don't want to expose you, me, or my child to shame, but if you're the god of heaven, you can't do it. You shouldn't be fooling around because the will of Tenmyo Okami is in this shop. I have my child's shit. It's a sad shit. That's because it extends to punishment, a, and punishment. "
"I don't want to be afraid of you, so I'm afraid that Tenmei-sama's instructions are in the wrong direction. The customers in this section are Tachi who are afraid of special infectious diseases. Come home. I'll sprinkle phenolic acid on it. "
"Are, my husband, I'm the first to have a shining eyeball in five colors. I'm sorry I didn't know my husband. That's my husband, I don't like it and I don't like sake. Please give this child a stool of Kastori. I don't know what I was looking at. "
The most sought after people are the uneasy words of Gisei and Ikenie, and because the life-saving and world is vast, it is easy to overlook the great originality of where the musicians are hidden. Thing. I realized that this might be an important place, so I took out a box of Kastori. My grandmother also drinks some, but my daughter is mostly, so my husband also drinks, or my husband, please pour me, as Tron from the time when one box is gone and I start drinking the second one
"Don't make a fool, who do you think I am, Hippa Takuyo"
Standing up flutteringly, cutting the front, thinking that something was done around the front of Mozo / \, open the hem, roll up the buttocks, and rub the kimono up to the top of the belly. Then he leaned against the siding, opened his crotch and put one foot on the chair.
"Husband, each other"
Auntie hangs on Kiyoto's shoulder,
"You can't turn your face away and be pretentious. It's a mess. You have to look at it, you can't."
There was no pubic hair. The paleness of the plow is beautiful. Spider webs are irritated in the abdomen and crotch, centering on the local area. A swallowtail butterfly and a leaf are hung on the belly, and a mantis hangs its wings on the base of the crotch of one leg and lifts an ax to struggle, and a brown cicada is hung on one crotch. A spider shines in the center of the building.
Chiya Udo I was able to come to the store by Hirofumi Kurata, who knew that the store was rehabilitated and brought two friends. Or, the master of the title stood up and swallowed the words, saying that it was a new tactic, but at that time the daughter opened her eyes and stared at the new customers.
"Che, don't make a fool. Worship and look around."
Finally lower the hem and put it on the table,
"Hey, husband, Dan, you have to make a fool of me. I'll have a broken heart for the rest of my life. I know, I know. I'm going to have a broken heart. I'm alive, knowing that. Don't miss it. I'll be touched by anyone.
"I know, I know, I have that feeling. I agree, I'm a broken heart, that's the purpose of my life. This person is a hard worker. I don't realize that it's something I can't do because of the oversight in the style. What's this person's name? Yoshiko-san? I like the ugly face. The broken heart on my stomach is also wonderful, but it's not as good as your face. Nenne is okay. Let's ok, drink and talk to Hogaraka. "
And Kurata put his hand on his shoulder, pushing it,
"Why don't you do it well? The one who does it, the one who does it, the one who does it, the one who does it, the one who does it, I like it."
I woke up and looked at Kurata, but
"I'll sleep with you later. I'll sleep with you. You're stupid, don't you. I know. I'll touch you. Please do it. "
I held Kurata's hand and slept.
Yocchiyan had no pubic hair. Thoughtful of its awkwardness, he was obsessed with it, but he secretly killed him with a hint from a friend's story. It was said that he got married and was ousted, and someday he got drunk and started to open a book even in front of his parents.
"Isn't it a tragic story? But that's why you shouldn't see this as sorrow. Obasan says, Gisei, that's it. I also see it as Gisei. No. It's a tragedy in that sense, but it's a tragedy for God, a guilty for self-empty, in short, you, for the sake of people's fate and self-protection. The person in question must be cheerful and self-reliant. Our master, Mr. Mogami, and Mimado must be instructed with that knowledge. I can't be happy with the customers. That's why I'm a beautiful person. I'm happy. There's no reason for me to save myself or to save people. So you , I say she's a beautiful girl, I like her face because she has to believe, this is an argument. This is important. In, she gradually gets out of the mind of the cause and fruit. Apart from this, everyone who is a samurai must do it. This is too grotesque. Even so, there is a surprising trick. That's right. Newcomers are about to appear in Japan too. "
"Are, my husband doesn't think this child is really beautiful."
"I can't make a joke. A beautiful person is a beautiful person, because this person is a little far from the human face. I wonder if it looks like a human. I know that he is a beautiful person, so I doubt that he is a beautiful person. That's why I like cute faces. They're so cute. "
"It's a sin, my husband, this kid is serious."
"That's why I have to make this child serious, and I can't let the temperament of the causative fruit escape."
"This kid is nobose. I'm going to be worried about it soon. I'm in trouble. Husband, I'm sorry, but please make this kid a mess while you're at Gisei. Hmm. "
"Don't, don't. Art must be privately owned. This child is already prepared for a broken heart, so we will work together to raise the genius, this child and I Obasan must be secretly pleased, thinking that it is for his child's genius to get along with him. "
When is good?
The superficial person was no longer there. He doesn't have any free time anymore, so he is frustrated and unbearable, such as Otsuki Ahi in the Kaichō. I'm sure I'm sitting in my clothes, and I'm busy at the cook, even though I have no use.
★
Human monopoly is sad. Kiyoto Ojin doesn't want to let anyone see his clothes, but he can't keep humans in a basket like a little bird, so after a while after eating breakfast, he goes to church. I'm going to. why? Do you have a need? There was no need to explain the requirements in detail, did you have a purpose? I'm going, I'm going to come. There is no spirit of being kept in a basket, and I can't imagine being refused to go out, so it's different from seeking the consent of Kiyoto. If you stand up and keep silent, you'll be gone, and that's why goodbye will go, so what time will you be back? I don't have my watch, I'm in the church, but I don't see my watch at all. I have no choice but to go to Tamagawa Seki and go to the reception. When I go to the reception around 11 o'clock, I will come back around 5 o'clock. I couldn't play for such a long time, I went back to Hiruma, and when I gave it to Tamagawa Seki and went to pick it up, I came back to Hiruma, but I got three Okamisanren with a couple of children. Eat lunch and make a lot of noise until the evening.
Goodbye, Tadaima, Ohayo, and all the other familiar words, I wonder what I think of Yadokin, but from there, the special personality of Yado Roku is also Midin. I don't have the intention to set it up, and when I grow up, I feel sad. Any man can only be thought of as something that can be deceived by a man, so where and what to do, all men and men are the seeds of fear, the priest of the church, the unemployed father, the sick. Both Jijii and his junior high school students are terrifying.
"Who was your married person?"
"I don't know"
"How many people are there?"
"I'm alone"
"Obasan of the church was with eight people."
"I'm alone. I've lost love."
I don't know who I fell in love with, whether it was an eight-month-old person, a week's mouth, or an overnight's mouth. I don't know what you are, even when it happens, why did you come here?
Buy a kimono, buy shoes, buy a cigarette and take it to the church and give it to someone. If you don't cut your hands with the church, you'll be crazy. That's why I was supposed to never meet a man, but by all means. I can't find any thoughts outside of "others" that take measures according to Hirofumi Kurata's skill, so I opened up the situation and introduced clothes Chiyan, but since this is a crazy place, the hand of Tenmeikyo Although the matter of cutting is an eye-catcher, I point to the explanation in the painful chest that I want to devote myself to clothing.
"This is Mr. Mogami, you must not miss me like that. In the first place, there is a one-of-a-kind rule for gentlemen's way. It's okay for you men and women to persuade anyone, but your friends Don't just argue with your thoughts. You appear in front of me with a beautiful man. At that time, I will lower myself as a disciple and loyal servant of Mr. Mogami and set up Mr. Mogami. In the meantime, when I was accompanied by her, Mr. Mogami had to behave more foolishly than me and stand me up. This is the only absolute rule of gentlemanship. We have to be gentlemen, so don't trust me anymore about the lady, but the ruthless and calm one like Mr. Mogami can sleep for Anoko. No, I'm scared of a man and a man, this is ok. Isn't it a holly horror? All right, I'll do my best to give you dogs and horses. "
And, after squeezing 56 bottles of beer, indulge in meditation.
Above all, the prosperity of the store, I couldn't talk about it. Since the gentleman's way is established with money and the back shield, I cut my hand with Tenmeikyo, and because of that, the store must be weakened, so I'm implicitly thinking about Yocchiyan. If you look at it, Yocchiyan doesn't have a problem with Tenmeikyo. I don't have a house to live in, and I have no idea of ​​how to live, so I'm just dragged by the off-crotch. On the other hand, Okukuro is a fox who can't hurt himself for the sake of others, but when he follows the Tenmei religion, he can only die in the wild. A group life with a fox, an unpleasant one, but I can't betray the church.
"Rice, soy sauce, miso, salt, oil, butter, sugar, and Tamagawa Seki are all squeezed and carried to the church. It's a story, but it's a gangster who used to stop by a house and use it as a food item. Kana, I want to know my feelings. "
"Mr. Kurata, it's painful for me. I don't have any courtesy or modesty because there are already all the human waste shavings. This child is ashamed to earn money with a tip. Isn't he trampling on something? Because this kid doesn't even think about you and get a tip. "
"Sausa. That's right, Obasan. You don't feel like making Yocchiyan a causal fruit. You shouldn't do it. It makes me feel like I'm making a blatant profit, and the customer feels sick. Please leave some, I'm sorry for this child, when did you say that? This is a causal fruit and can't be saved. Since alcohol must be stylish, it's important to feel like you don't eat as much as a service with a strong stimulus. Because I have a lot of care, I have to know how to make Yocchiyan's Gisei into a light opellet. Well, I understand well, I don't have any stuffiness. So Obasan shouldn't go to the store. Do whatever you want with Kahari of Tamagawa Seki. There is value in the place where it is not, and Yocchiyan can be saved, lifesaving, I have to do this. "
When I tried to work at the front line of the shop, I didn't have any surprises, so I felt like I wanted to devote myself to profits without having to do Hunman in the way of Tamagawa Seki. After seeing this, I decided that my work would be easy.
The grotesque was just grotesque, and it didn't become attractive. The sadness, brightness, lightness, and something refreshing must be left behind, and the avant-garde art of Europe after World War I was sad grotesque and bright and light grotesque. This is also the central aspect of modern intelligence's sense of life. Kurata highly evaluated that Yocchiyan's art is a rare item that can realistically dissipate the artistic radioactivity of Picasso and Kokuto depending on the direction because there is something that is related to the fate of avant-garde art, but Yocchiyan is one. And grotesque are too sad and too dark, so I need another clown-like grotesque armpit.
Kurata noticed a young Kabuki onnagata who was a eater at his favorite bar. In the past, he was a Kabuki onnagata, but was recruited during the war and returned to the stage after the end of the war. However, since I can't make a living, these days I'm helping a bar, and I'm going to go to a bar that receives goods from old gohiiki muscles and come to the bar. Stand up. However, it is great that you never devour a large amount of money, and if you have a buyer who buys an item that you received for 1,000 yen at an unexpectedly high price of 15,000 yen, it will cost 300 yen or 500 yen. It is my intention to reward the gratitude for the long time by delivering the money to the seller except for the planned money. He laughed at the grouper, and even if he was ridiculed, he said that he had to understand his in-laws. Belief Midin is also solid.
It was a complete metamorphosis, and I thought I was a woman at all, and because I was a young young man of twenty-three, I got the attention of my daughter, but she didn't even look at me. Kurata has always liked Somechiyan's muscles and made him alive, but Somechiyan also respects Kurata's way of life because it makes sense. I wanted to ask for help with this, but since it is a rare item that survives Kabuki's chic taste and in-law humanity, I despise it because it is incompatible with the exposure hobby of Kaichō. If you don't convince this, there will be no painful production, so
"I must immediately conclude that this is a bad taste and vulgarity depending on the taste of Somechiyan and Edomae. Deepening, seeing my destiny as an infinite broken heart, mourning in agony and getting drunk, I'm sick of the tanker, I'm sad in my heart. This sadness is rather respected by the people of Edo. It's a mess of nature. It's your countryside Zamrai will make you a good spectacle, but commuter will buy this sadness. Since it is the countryside Zamrai itself, customers see this as a spectacle, and you must not see its lowness as your own. Somechiyan is also a really sad person, so sadness is a blood connection, sisters If the customer sees this as a spectacle, he will create a light mood so that the viewing mood will not end up as a blatant erotic low-grade vulgarity. Because it has a wonderful taste, it must be shown as erotic, vulgar, or blatant because it is the thing itself and the most unique spectacle. I can't do it, I can't do it, as soon as I need the elegance and chicness of Somechiyan, sympathy and cooperation most. "
Because Somechiyan also agreed, let Somechiyan and Yocchiyan mother and child live in, and have them leave Tamagawa Seki. Not by the order of the worm, but by the instruction of the manager Kurata, the new manager will take care of everything from now on, so the old way of doing things will be renewed. I can't even go, and I tell the manager that Gosentaku, the god of heaven, is nothing more than a tahagoto of earthworms.
At the same time, Mogami and Oi Chiyan depart for the hot springs and let them chill for a couple of weeks. In the meantime, he tried to tame Obasan and use it to make a barrier between Tenmei Okami and Cloth Chiyan. I'm prepared to be firm.
Kurata encouraged by giving a separate cup from the top of the hot spring line,
"That's why Mr. Mogami, feel free to soak in the hot water. My resolution is a bit sad, because I'm devoting myself to this finish. Think about it. It's like Yotsuya because I like colors. Even if it's a monster, it's interesting to have an overnight glory, but you, my current position, and a, it's difficult to handle this overnight, it rots after nine minutes, and it becomes a Yotsuya ghost story. It's a painful place because it can be a place. I was pretty prepared to say that I had to quit it. I'm a boring man from heaven, so life is an art. See, one is not blessed with artistic talent, but you see life as art, the poor whale is not the author himself for the whole composition, this is by the way, but again Complete one composition in, this joy, this immersion, this satisfaction, this is my innate. So I'm not afraid. Rather, it's a lot of tension. But you Yotsuya Kaidan is in the hands of the parties. Tsuchiya A This is because it's quite painful. Life artist Hirofumi Kurata believes in this skill because he will be rewarded as a friend of his life when he completes one volume through the great pain. Enjoy your trip in peace and hope for the future. "
There, both of them depart.
Kurata stood in the kitchen himself, grated daikon radish, grated beef and tasted the soup, and struggled with Obasan. Deepen the vulgarity and show the phase of hell. On the other hand, when Yocchiyan's art is over, he forces Somechiyan to be exposed when he goes. In the tradition of Kabuki, she was a woman who wore a woman's discipline, so even if she showed her upper arm, she was freezing. Make it a mess. Screams, screams, quarrels with it as a side dish, toasts, where the momentum goes, then to make Yocchiyan a sword, this one is a slapstick with a tanker and a big sword on the table I fall asleep in a big letter, the customer smokes or puts a sake bottle on it, it becomes a fight between customers, a big brawl, Mr. Kurata, protects the equipment, and the soul to pay the bill There is no room for artistic talent, as Tsukushi and Genko, who are accompanied by two or three, are as good as Chodai.
This is a regular event every night, and since it is a regular gathering for that purpose, Kurata's specialty is slapstick, Naniwa-bushi, hula dance, as soon as Yocchiyan's art ends and his mood changes. I lost my enthusiasm for art production, such as throwing a spoon and taking a long breath, having fun when I became a customer, and becoming a customer. I'm sorry.
"Teacher, I'm very unhappy with this shop."
And, Somechiyan pulls it up to the original nest.
Kurata is a mess, he has a new style, and he doesn't have the feeling of working on a new work. I'm squeezing the liquor, and I'm always conscious of this, Yocchiyan, you're a cute person, so the whole thing is sadness from the bottom of my heart, hugging sadness with me It melted in and was wiped off, and so on, and when I was flattered, I was pleased and made a deal. Even if it's rough, unlike a prostitute, there is a ball of sadness, a passion for the beginning, and even more desperate than anything else, so when Kurata was excited, it was Yocchiyan. Was absorbed in it, stopped performing arts in the audience, and laughed at the wishes of the drunkard.
"Nani, I don't want to. I have a person. I'm loved. My body belongs to my person, so it's no good. Give me, I'll hit you with water. "
The number of customers has disappeared at all.
The woman's heart is pretty, but the useless centimeters are squeezed, but the most superficial person returns to Tokyo. Obasan and Yocchiyan become demons. Clothes Chiyan will return to the church.
"Our parents and children have nowhere to go because they have been unreasonable in the church with Kurata's villainous finger. I'm sorry my husband, but please let me stay."
"I don't know what Kurata did. Get out."
"I'll let you get black and white in front of Jiya and the police husband. I won't let you buy me or the damage, and even if I'm killed, I won't move."
For that reason, I had to live with Mr. Mogami, a sly and slippery youkai change of parents and children.
[#New Page]
[# 3 indentation] [# middle heading] King of the night [# end of middle heading]
Nationwide, the 7th and 5th foods were closed, only Tokyo was 6th and 1st self-restraint, and the drinking Nping was just right. However, the only person here, the raccoon dog, is the raccoon dog teacher, who is dying anyway. When the wind blows and the liquor in the shop is tilted, the traffic of customers suddenly becomes heavy from the day of the 6th and 1st self-restraint at the raccoon dog shop, which has no customers. I've always said that I should sleep and wait, but Hatena, I'm wondering if the butterfly I dreamed of was me, or if I'm a dream now. It was.
The drinking people in Tokyo are exclusively in the market, and they become crazy about Kastori. Since the market is the fruit of the blue sky market, the blue sky is divided by a board and both humans are given a position. Hundreds of stables are lined up, and when I think that I should keep one horse at a time, ten people are lined up to drink Kastori. There is only one horse, but ten humans, and the drunken siding in this section is debilitating and exhausted, and no one kicks the siding, so the hut is irresistible. This section is based on 100-yen coins, the lining of the shoes is changed to 450 yen, a cup of Kastori is 35 yen, and in addition, it is a non-dakure selfish oda. You're not in business, it's a social service, it's not funny. The stable's husband is a misanthropic thinker, and since he expresses his thoughts in the same way as Nietzsche and other people, his customers are becoming more and more debilitated. However, since there is no back room in the stable, the husband of the misanthropic conglomerate was in a hurry.
The chaebol's husband is in a hurry because it is unfortunate for those who have it, and if the husband is not in a hurry, the camel will catch the eye of the needle, which is in the book of prophecy, so this makes sense. What I don't understand is that there are ten people lined up in the stable, and even these people are in a hurry, hurry, and make no sense at all. But I'm in a hurry. Even though I don't have much, I want to drink it no matter how expensive it is, but when the stables are in full swing, I want to have a drink from the back door of a high-class restaurant, so I rush to the raccoon dog shop. He was sick, he wasn't expensive, he was prepared to die, and he calmly determined that he wasn't bloody.
The human beings in this country have been hunted down since the war. Originally, philosophers are always chased by their own will, but when they are profane, they are chased by others, so they panic. On the contrary, there is no confusion or prettyness. If you want to drink so expensive liquor, let me drink it at your will, stupid guys, Mr. Mogami thinks about squeezing and buys liquor and beer. Kastori is such a magahimono, we don't have it, our sake is expensive, the purchase is expensive, the goods are different, but the number of customers increases every day, so the customers go crazy. is there.
When Hirofumi Kurata was flirting,
"Yeah, business prosperity, isn't it pretty? I also had one."
"We are expensive"
"How much is alcohol?"
"Choshi 200 yen"
"What about beer?"
"350 yen"
"What about whiskey?"
"One pie 200 yen"
"Oh, I'm Ohiya. I don't buy water in the dark, so I can't let the eyeballs fly. I'll carry it with you. I'll hold the cup and hold it, and it'll be pickpocketed to the extent of radium, but I can't hold it, I can't drink it with a straw. If you bring your own water to drink, you can buy it for 10 yen per pie. "
"I want you to stop hiyakashi. We're show-by."
"I want you to stop hiyakashi, because it's a show-by. I'm sorry, Mr. Mogami. You, the old man of any bar will answer at that time. Isn't there a great complaint? Mr. Mogami? I'm sad because of scholarship that the one who finally comes to say it. It's you, scholarship, boring, but you can't be hungry, but you, There is a scholarly secret in the place where I can't complain about the extremes without art, so I and the teacher can be saved by giving me an unthinkable response. In other words, scholarship The food is alive. I hate yabo, isn't this the spirit of learning? I see yaboten for 350 yen for beer, 200 yen for sake, surprise, hurry, and belly. Then, please give me water, and I will become a sadness root that will play with one of the common sarcasm, but at that time, the person who also appears as the first philosopher in the world, Mr. Hiyakashi Don't do it, it's a show-by, so there's no such thing. Mizuten geisha also noticed that our taps flow along the liquor bottle, so alcohol will spill, and Gura will reply. . Beer 350 yen, Sadness 200 yen, I'm really courageous looking up. A. I'm not prepared to stand up to the emerging spirit of the market or my husband. This is the power of scholarship. Sasuga is not expensive in the morning, it is expensive from old times, it is more expensive, and there is a consistent mandrel ignoring the fashion, but you happen to be a hiyakashi like me. Kazeraibo appears, this is also a case of Ukiyo, so deal with Kazeraibo and deal with it, this is also a neuchi of scholarship. It's a beautiful thing to have, but it's a spiritual story, and the ostensibly Ashirahi must be peaceful. "
"I'm going to see things like Iki and go to the right place. I'm negotiating with addicts exclusively on the last-minute hunger road, so there's no room for the wind other than buying and selling alcohol. "
"I see. I wonder if the era has finally come to the point where you can trade alcohol on the last-minute hunger road. However, Mr. Mogami, even though the words of the hungry demon have been used for a long time, there is an essential difference between sake and the woman in the place where there is no word of the hungry demon. If you think that it is a trade of hungry demons, it would be refreshing to give the guidance of twenty-three hungry demons by Methyl. Don't be afraid. "
"Human beings are hungry. Only me and the customers at this store are hungry."
The superficial person lied, but he was not calm in his heart.
The Supreme Person was chased to the very limit of his neck by his own thoughts and by the actions and circumstances of the fruits of his thoughts. However, in the first section, which should be extremely fresh and healthy, the birth of the construction of a new Japan, some percentage of the non-deep thinkers, Drunkhira, have been unavoidably pursued to the same place as him. The unskilled kin suddenly rushed out with Bohula and wandered around the back door of the back alley, and as soon as the Supreme Man withdrew from this genre, that is, he became Mephistopheles in his formal wear. So, Mephistopheles is a misanthropic family who at the same time stores huge treasures underground.
He just became a capitalist. A capitalist is not just a physical thing, but a mental position, that is, money rolls in naturally even though he is not willing to make access money. If you put it in Rosacea, the customers will be hungry for food. The fish sticks to the thread as soon as it is attached to the earthworm, there is no pain or taste, just by hanging the thread and eating it, there are endless repetitions of the same movement, and it is not interesting. Earthworm. However, when I feel uncomfortable, disgusted, or strangely misanthropic, my satisfaction becomes addictive and my thoughts change.
The taste of the shop was changed, advertisements for recruiting beautiful women were advertised, and various means were used to attract customers. On the other hand, since customers come naturally without any skill, it was like a illegitimate child of the times, a mere illegitimate child of the times. Somehow, as I was getting annoyed every day, I became very anxious instead of realizing that I was satisfied with the swelling of my feet. If the seven-five ban is lifted, until then, Nani, then he will be sick, and even if he thinks about it, he is no longer in his heart, but this prosperity. I was possessed by the desire to lose it.
He was no longer a bastard. From early morning, I ran around to buy dark sake by bicycle. Instruct Yotchan's mother and daughter to buy beer. Go out to the store and distribute alcohol to the hungry demons. It's not fun at all. I was satisfied with the anxiety about when the customers would stop coming, and when I woke up to the evidence that I was satisfied, I naturally started to move according to the daily routine of the business, please come back, the eyes of the police. Because it's a job that I'm going to do, I won't be able to keep up with him forever. Only very clerical. That was also business. That is, depending on the physical connection, he is not a maid, but a person who is a maid, and can use unpaid footjobs, restrict his actions, order, and restrict food. If you are dissatisfied, go out. Since one is a hero of the era, the other is a slave, and he has come to know the unpersonal subordinates of the modern man, a slave woman who cannot be known in reality. On the other hand, it means an item that does not require attention to blood or tears.
Already after noon, a hungry demon who drinks coffee and whiskey, a hungry demon who drinks soda water liquor, this is a fallen warrior from the Motsupara stable, and in fact it is just a footstep of the hungry demon. At night, there is a company relationship between the living rooms in the back, there is a business talk with a broker, and one set is 10,000 yen for a small group and 350,000 yen for a large group. A bottle of whiskey can be drunk for 4,000 yen, so when it comes to business talks with ten people at a dark company, it costs 50,000 yen. Even if you think it's too expensive, you don't have to come again. The dignity of the face is techmen, and the hero of the era, Chiki, also seems to lie down from his feet. After two weeks, it appears again without any stubbornness, and it flutters under my feet and pulls back. Bitter smiles, contempt, but more emptiness and boredom. He was a sullen and moody Mephistopheles, but no matter how many he bought, he was swelling and swelling. Where to hide his big wallet was even more unpleasant due to his most moody efforts.
At one point, a singer from this neighborhood came to drink with a customer. After that, the chicks in the family of the niece sometimes bring the ducks to drunk, begging for kimono and begging for money. It's a hassle to sneak into the hotel over and over again,
"Nee, Chiyoto, Master. Lend me a room in the back, short time, 100 yen."
"Is it possible to use a piece of Gura's nose paper as a substitute for the devil's cave? Isn't there a fake hotel right behind?"
"Short time and one by one, it's a hassle to get to the hotel. The room that is open is a lot of money, our body is the way it is, that's the time, but this master is also a shop unexpectedly. A. What you can earn without Kansatsu is something you don't hesitate to earn. Isn't your business selling moguri liquor? Yami's woman and Yami's business are the same.
"Please do"
"Jiya, Master, three pieces"
"Unpleasant Kotsuta"
"Hmm, you, remember if you're Bol. Instead, when you have something to do with us, no one can say that even if you have a hundred, you don't know. That "
I see, the supreme person thought about it. Only knowing the liquor that pops out of the eyeballs and coming to drink with bread is only known to the dark shops, factory owners, business owners, bread bread minds, and futokoro that can be commercialized from rural areas. You can buy kimonos, rings, and even Sebitte, who doesn't know the edge of his wallet, and brings only the upper duck to get drunk. The danger is the same, only to make thick and short, because you are crossing a dangerous bridge, which is a special tie-up with these guys. If he himself could play at a low price with Yoshimi on the joint front, he thought that this was also a special hope.
"Jiyaa, it's only noon. Come from the back door and drink quietly in the tatami room. You have to make money with sake."
"It's mochi. I'll bring only those who drink it. Instead, I'd like you to serve me a meal."
At the same time as the 6th and 1st self-restraint, hunting for gangsters in the city, the boss of the market |
"Hello, oh"
Anchiyan with a red tie of three people came to the raccoon dog shop,
"Why don't you drink this or a drink? We're going to get angry anyway, so why don't we follow the path? It's different from spending a year for 10,000 yen.ゝ "
The superficial person is always prepared to be fully prepared, so the money is hidden at any time. It's easy to calculate that it's cheaper to come to Butobacco if you're struck by Yotamono.
"Ah, I'm about to raise it soon, so I'll be able to get up early, and it's the same.
Because Yotamono is not a philosopher, he didn't try to change his boring face, but muttered like a Nembutsu and was smoky with the spirit of going out with him at any moment.
"Oh, what's that? Ojisan, do you understand the story? It's a year's imprisonment."
"That's it, I'll tell you. I'm prepared, so I'll show you. What are you guys in a hurry? It's a matter of making calculations and being prepared. I'll always be on the road. "
Because it was a type that I had never seen, I was bored and bored at all, so it was creepy and I missed it.
Bread Bread and the joint front, then about five Bread Bread and his brother Gurai's thugs came with the introduction of Bread Bread, and since it was lost to the market and food, I bought alcohol, beer, rice, soy sauce and tobacco cheaply. Please pick it up because it will come, but instead, it will rain blood for the shop. Since the transaction is a dark market price, we will not refuse this transaction separately. Trading is as easy as possible while you are at home.
The superficial person was also surprised.
If I had that feeling, nothing happened, it was something that naturally became Al Capone. On the day when the prohibition is banned, it will be naturally celebrated by moonshine trafficking, liquor and women, and the king of the night country.
Yocchiyan's mother and daughter, who can show off their earning of bread and bread, changed their minds and you are also earning money, now is the time to join the bread and bread group. The superficial people are all selfish, and the time of heaven is unbearable because they are nostalgic for Sozoro.
Hirofumi Kurata also crushed the liver
"Isn't the time of the world an original thing? It's a prophecy that the Supreme Court teacher will become Al Capone from the beginning, since Kaibyak in Japanese history. There is no such thing as a hot tameshi. At all, you, we, have read the history and made a sensible look, and the boss of our Japanese gang suddenly moved from the type of Tadashi Kokusada and Jirocho to Mr. Mogami. I didn't realize that it was coming. Isn't the result of the decree surprising? However, this may be the unique character of alcohol and alcohol bans, without the power of politics. The most lonely Tetsuto is François Beyond, or the saint prince who turned it over, so when the gangster's character shifts from strength to commercialism, Beyond will become the King of the Night. U. Mr. Mogami is a profound great. It is said that the alcohol trade is only negotiated with the hungry demons, and I have never noticed that this is the dignified character of the King of the Night. It's the end of the blush. I can't be the dry part of the emerging gang. I can't go to the one arm of Mr. Mogami, but the small finger gura works. One of the emerging markets. I thought that I would have an arm to take care of. "
The superficial person was afraid of time. It's time for the times to pass. This era is not the same as the era of the era. Since it is a time like a bubble of seven or five holidays, we must squeeze the hungry demons and store the treasure underground before the flow of Abuku at that time disappears. It is clear that the life of the King at night is only half a year. This is where I learned the late wisdom of Al Capone.
"Jiyaa, how are you? I'll give you the name of this shop, so if the back door business goes out, you'll go to jail. I'll give you 100,000 rewards."
"Don't be silly. Can you eat stinky rice at 100,000 gura? How much I can't work and earn 780,000 a month. Then, there is a 20,000-gura abandoned "buchi". A little Odateru, you and the other person are right away, so I always spend a pair on the treasure mountain and just fall to the bottom of the next valley. I'm a million in March, two million in half a year, half of it now, and the other half just before I'm in. Would you like to replace the prison with 100,000 potches in this section? But you're 300,000 and I'll look for a replacement. Excuse me, but your way is, very 300,000 or a replacement. I can't find it. If you think it's a lie, please hit everyone. "
"If it's 300,000, I'll go to jail. I'm a little tired of lack of sleep, so I think it's time to sleep in jail."
"I see, if you're the best teacher, you might be able to get a good night's sleep there. However, you, the replacement ball went to the prison, and this business was suspended. Isn't it? I have to think about the means there as well. "
"Of course, I'm thinking about it. I don't think about it, and I won't look for a replacement ball."
And, a lot of thoughts and conspiracy in planning things, it was a quick reply rather than a light cigarette.
In fact, Mr. Mogami is the fourth place on the suburban train from this red-light district, downstairs is eight, three, two tatami mats, upstairs is six tatami mats, a rented house, two families and ten people are 30,000 yen. We will negotiate with some eviction fee. In other words, the teacher moved his home to that side, opened his house outside the raccoon dog shop, and served a hotel and restaurant only for special guests, and instead served lunch for bread bread. In response to free nights when I'm afraid, I will eventually make something like a bread bread club and talk to a special member about building a roulette without a raccoon dog, a large hotel with a dance hall and a bathroom, etc. The other party was a lady who was glaring at the quietness of the snowstorm of the raccoon dog.
"We have some profit, but we'll give you a contract anyway. Instead, don't be too sensual. This is a show-by, so the sensuality of a show-by isn't it. Let's stop it. "
The blizzard was simple and clear. Twenty-seven, a bewitching beauty, neither her husband nor her lover has a fixed man. The dignity of the mother-in-law lies in the place where all the sex appeal has been pushed through only by show-by. Even if a good Anchan, who is a deputy boss of the market, is brought into the burn and threatened with a pistol, it is useless, even if the clothes and chemise are torn in the big fight of Kunzu unraveling and it becomes a hadaka, the counterattack Midin does not decline, money I'll buy it for you, because I'll only pay for you. Anchan hasn't been able to pay for clothes and hasn't achieved his goal yet. There are 17 minions, from 189 to 23, mostly runaway daughters who have graduated from girls' school, and have no address or distribution. He is cheerful, individualistic, and always a convenient institution with his mother-in-law, because he has no regrets about his patronage. It's a sea urchin. Since there is no address or staff, you can fly anywhere anytime. It can be opened anywhere, so it's just a matter of accidentally entering the town and following the town.
The blizzard's mother-in-law still knew that Sasuga would use multiple words such as "us", but the thugs were unfamiliar with the first-person plural. There is no spirit of grouping customers and myself together. Who are the customers and other people? Ah, that's it, they don't want to observe a man as a man, but observe it as a Gamaguchi, and pay homage to its weight and full use.
It's completely different from Oiran. It is also different from the bogus female salary of bogus baa. The deciding factor is that there is no address. The essence of the style is the same no matter where and when you go, without any sophistry.
Being aware that the alcohol hunger trade has a six-month deadline, Dr. Mogami unexpectedly unfolds the grand concept of the King of the Night. The reason for this is that the snowstorm's mother-in-law had eaten a nest, and it is difficult for the thugs under her control to throw it away. Unlike the devil's 姐 -san, who sells his body, he was optimistic and pure in nature, even though he was rough.
They are savings demons. I save the money I received and ask a man to buy something. At the end of the grip, my money has a strong instinct that I can't use it. I had a man buy clothes, the next man buy a handbag, and the next man buy shoes. Only the hat is missing. I asked the man tomorrow to buy a hat, but I couldn't stand it because I wanted to wear it as soon as possible. So, for a short time, I'll squeeze a hat, go out from noon, put on a hat about an hour later, and come back with a hat. It's also good. Mr. Mogami wants to say that hats or hats are cheap, and I will follow hats, but since everything is najimi and there is also the dignity of the king of the night, it is said that it is a show-by with no sex appeal. Despite this, it doesn't look like a start at all. Therefore, he makes a practical start toward the composition of the King of the Night, and glares at his passion for stingy small bread and bread with his dream of luxurious large bread and bread.
"In addition to hot uchiji, sake and food, mahjong, go shogi, playing cards, flower hoods, and play equipment are available so that customers can have a relaxed and calm atmosphere in their club. I'm going to take a bath and squeeze it from morning till midnight. Instead, I'll limit myself to only the top customers who aren't special, and make me feel like I'm having to play with them. No, I can't. "
"Ara, I can't do it. I know the club's way of doing things, and the customers are going to meet each other. It's cramped that I have to do it there. I can't pick it up in the city. First, I don't feel like it. "
The blue ceiling extends to the bone marrow. Like the composition of the King of the Night, it is nothing more than a despised, vulgar, home imitation. Perhaps they couldn't bear the repetition of the same day, and every day was supported by the expectations of an unknown trip.
However, the King of the Night sees that they are not Diogenes, so the buns only know the brightness of the blue ceiling and the darkness of the house, not the mystery of life in the palace. Since the composition of the king is a palace at night, he says that he should not be surprised by the dogmatism that wraps the navel of ignorant and illiterate buns.
He should look like a philosopher, but he is also a realistic practitioner, and he used to persuade Tomiko and embark on Tenmeikyo. It is a roman rejuvenation, and when he was a college student, he was obsessed with the thoughts of the King of the Night, who should have laughed at his nose. On the other hand, for college students, the body of a woman is dreamy, but for the 40-year-old Supreme Man, there is no dream of the body itself and the amorous spirit that was accurately envisioned. It was based on the principle of "Saifu" that there was only real lust.
There, he took a fearless step in order to get a realistic grasp of the King of the Night, but he went to the raccoon dog shop, whether it was Ami, a subordinate, a manager, or a raccoon dog. Five raccoon dogs, boys and gentlemen with red ties from eighteen to twenty-two, raccoon dogs are more pomade than eating, and most of the money is paid for shirts, shoes, socks, etc. A charming market race of unknown nationality that can only be thought of as throwing a raccoon dog, the largest of them, a noroma, full of acne, and a sub-chan who always grins and laughs. , Mr. Mogami took notice.
"Sub-chiyan, I have only one."
"Hey, Master"
"I'm asking for a sub-chan, but I wonder if I can cooperate with one of my arms."
"Ahaha. I'm noroma, no good."
Capone's boss thought that he would be more ruthlessly sentenced to death than a razor at such a time, and he would be sloppy, so he also started out in a capone style.
"I will give you the name of the raccoon dog. The name fee is 5,000 yen a month. And when you take care of it, you will be responsible. When you are sent to jail instead of just fines Is 50,000 yen for the immediate reward, and when the sentence is over, half of the monthly profits of this store belong to you. At the same time, you are the manager of this store and the best consultant for all my businesses. If it's a company, it's like a vice president. You know. "
"Haa"
Subchan is not good at swallowing, so it is completely pokan. Therefore, I will repeat the explanation including Yukuri and Kan.
"Naruhodo, hey"
"I'll give you 5,000 yen a month for the name ceremony from today."
At that time, the youngest boy, Nobu, was with Subchan. He is a charming person with a round face that is always cheerful and always smiling, but this one has a good blood circulation and is a business person.
"Sub-chan, hey. Atakushi is also a bite, master, otaku, hey."
"You can't do it, because the minors and the police won't deal with you."
"But Master, Atakushi also wants to be the manager's apprentice Higurai, and eventually the manager. At the prison, Atakushi will come to replace him. Thank you so much. I will live in my future ambitions, so hey. Master, one, squid. "
Then, take out the cigarette case from your chest pocket and sip a fine cigarette. Chasing after the lighter, the lighter's fire is turned into an inn. I have no talent.
"What were you doing?"
"Hey. Master is also bad. At such times, background checks are a sin. I think that Atakushi's pork cutlet is probably a man, but I'll ask him for it. Okkachan will open a Western-style restaurant. Because it's a stall, the pork cutlet, thirty sen, is so thick. But compared to the next pork cutlet, the heart is thin, so the woman is somehow stingy. "
"I'm going to my prison."
Subchan turned pale and said. It's difficult for people to get the vines of success, so I'm going to do it. The king silently grabs 5,000 yen from his purse and makes him hold it.
"That's a poison to your eyes, Master. I want to be loyal to Atakushi, Ikemasenka."
"Sometimes I ask for something."
I'll let Nobu hold five of them.
"Ehe. Celebrate your health. One, squid."
Take out another cigarette case from the waistcoat pocket. This case was filled with even better cigarettes.
★
Ochiai Tendo refrained from doing so, and saw that the government had decided not to do so, so I couldn't think of making a stingy profit such as backdoor sales.
It is said that the doctrine is truly profound, with the appearance of an arrogant senjutsu messenger called Yoshindo treatment at the Chikagoro market, fortune-telling, healing illnesses, responding to personal counseling, and preaching the devotion of religion. It has a very high reputation, and there are many people who come all the way from afar. When you touch yourself, make money, prosperous business, and touch the heart of God, you will be generously profitable in various directions.
This market is half closed, but it occupies three stables in it, and when you go up first, there is a waiting room, and then there is a mirror room, where God's high-ranking brother From the middle ground between humans and God, I pointed at a ruthless and ruthless reflector and approached the sins of the past without any scruples. When all the sins are exposed to the light, the regrets are carried out by oneself, the heart is washed away, and the baby can return to the innocence, he can confront God in the depths.
The Supreme Person also passed on the tremendous benefits, so I decided to seek God's help regarding the future fortune and the composition of the King of the Night. When passed from the waiting room to the pilgrimage room, a tall young man wearing a white kimono with sleeves welcomes him with a smiley face with a natural charm. This is God's high-ranking younger brother, and he is a hermit who points a reflector from the border between humans and God, that is, Ochiai Tendo.
Yaa, for a while, the highest-ranking person confronted, took out the cigarette and set it on fire.
"Oh, no, no. Don't smoke here. In this room, you're going to have emptiness and devotion, so you have to get rid of life in the outside world. No. Let's take a look at your palm. I see, this line is growing, the line outside this is currently stopped. What is your hand? I am active. I am very active. There are many dangers. I cannot see the fortune of a person in my mind. I judge it as a substance. I solve it as a substance as shown by the palmistry. The movement of this line, This is a desire. Any line of desire can move, but it's unexpected, 60% of the time, this line is stopped. On your line Various lines are intricately interlaced. It grows like a boy. Its roots are thin. Plants with small roots grow more and more. This line is your present. Can you talk about it? Can you ask for advice? "
"I'm thinking about business. I don't have to ask God's judgment directly about it. You don't have to ask. What are you guys doing from something about me?" I wonder if I'm going to listen to it and use it as a reference. Please do something for yourself. "
"Hah. That's exactly what you're trying to do. I'm still completely out of human knowledge, so I'm not in the world of fate. For example, even with this palm of yours, the palm itself speaks, I read it humanly, so don't do it. But, even if I see it, this palm is not good. There are flowers on the tree. It's crazy. It's blooming crazy without the seasons. You're doing ridiculous things. It's a little impossible. But it's ridiculous after all. Have you ever tried to do something like this? There is something for a fee of 10 yen. You pay 20 yen for it, and you say it's time to do it. No, you can't. And you have one opposite of growth, a disappearing line. It's a branch of the intelligence line, that is, the line of intelligence. You're down. You. You must trust your studies. Academics do not appear on the palm line. Those who appear on the palm line are those who make 10 yen, those who make 15 yen, and those who make 15 yen. Intelligence appears. Your intelligence is gradually disappearing. Is it? You may be getting more and more money now. But, the intelligence to make money is disappearing, like this The palmistry is something like Lumpen, and all the Lumpen, the unemployed, and the incompetent human beings have the same line of intelligence, and what your palmistry shows is only Lumpen. Besides, it is a runpen that is forced to lose, and there is also a downfall phase, and it is a very hinekure palmistry that there are both a runpen phase and a downfall phase. Bizarrely evil evil, few palms so inferior. I'm new to it. No ignorance, human trash, trash trash, less than Lumpen, and so on. I wonder if it's possible. This is a bizarre thing. It's my turn, so let's watch it. Oh, please. "
It was Obasan, a listening device, who leaned against the siding in the back and sat down as if he was asleep. Come to Hiff with a bright flower pattern.
"You, it's easy to sit down. You don't have to say anything. I'll do everything once. I'm already assimilated with you. I'll wait until you tell me, it's easy. "
And, the person in the Senboku withdrew irresistibly to the seat of the god.
There is only one Obasan of the hearing device | US << meter >> fifteen. It's a bicco, but I don't know if I sit down, but even if I sit down, it's a crazy way to sit, but it's also a yabunirami, but I don't know because I close my eyes, but my eyes Even if the eyes are closed, the size of both eyes is different, one is in the shape of one and one is in the shape of a. Under the lion's nose, open the mouth of the protruding tooth and make the tooth dirty. Even if you become a god, you can moja your hair. There was nothing serious about it, ignorance and incompetence, just closing my eyes with Tapokan, and halving my eyes.
"I don't like it"
And a little, I shook my neck.
"I don't like it"
Also, after a while,
"I don't like it."
"what?"
"A fool will die and won't heal. You're a fool."
"Maybe it's true"
"You're already. Go down. It's a waste."
"What is waste?"
"I can't help stupid"
"Are you stupid? Do you make more money than you?"
"I'm hungry for a woman. Aha. I'm a stupid idiot. Sukehei idiot."
"You too are hungry for a man."
The superficial person stands up and returns to the nossori visit room. A person from Senkyo, who was facing another customer, imitated the best with his eyes.
"You, a little bit"
"Oh, I've got it."
"A little palmistry"
This time, with heavenly glasses, scrutinize the details,
"Under the bottom. It can't be helped. You are the only one who was abandoned in the announcement. There is no choice but to growl. I'd like to give you a little thought about the reason. I'll teach you, but there should be a word or two from the god of adoption every day. is"
"Is it life-saving?"
"There is also that. In a word, medicine cures everything, so medicine, the god of gods has abandoned you, but you must not be abandoned. Please ask again. Please ask. If you feel like asking, it's proof that you can't abandon it. Would you like to ask?
"Hmm"
Kiyoto became motivated to sneak. So, I stand in front of the god again.
"Sit down"
Kiyoto draws cross-legged.
"I've become a good boy. I'm starting to sit down now. I'm back today. Come again. That's the beginning of my devotion. Don't be scolded."
Kiyoto stretched out to the outside, but I also felt that Yojin-sama might have some kind of power.
★
Recently, the view of human face has changed.
Previously, I loved a small number of "impossible types", that is, this is Tetsuto's face. Other than that, capitalists, politicians, aristocrats, and even Bonkura are all categorized as a large number of other elephants. It was a politician and a politician.
Recently, I can't go.
The face of a capitalist, the face of a politician, the face of an aristocrat, he was no longer surprised by the popular pattern, but he discovered something that could be called a "real face" in a large number of other imaginary figures that were insignificant. I praised him all the time. The philosopher had a different emotional appearance, and he praised it.
The face was a face that paid 30,000 yen or 50,000 yen with a poi. In spite of that, the merchants are ingenious and ingin, that is, they are savvy merchants. They were a real person who said that they would only trade after seeing the actual item, and they were real people who couldn't understand the empty bills at all, but they traded without seeing the actual item.
This is due to the karakuri puppets. In other words, they themselves are a slapstick shop from the core of their bones and know the psychology of anxiety about trading without seeing the actual thing, so on the contrary, they devise means, tips, and infinite ingenuity to trade without showing the actual thing. You can do it, but in short, you are a heron teacher. However, since they also trade without looking at the actual item, they are funny, and they are willing to deal with herons. The reason for this is that instead of being a heron, I got the prospect of working a larger amount of herons, and the transaction between herons and herons is more specialized and incomprehensible than Zen questions and answers. It was a thing.
There is something called Seko information. Although they have nothing to do with it directly, they have the skill to devise innumerable karakuri and make a profit, and they are ingin to everyone except the heron himself. , Kind and good.
They were all young. Around 278 or 30, he has a popular face that does not know where the bones of a horse are, and is neither the face of an entrepreneur nor the face of a politician. It is not the face of a heron. And it was all different.
Ichiro Kida looked like a well-dressed salesman and was a type that looked like a woman, but when you look at it, it has a new era personality that you should praise. This is not my theory. It is the discovery of the highest supernatant.
A customer of a raccoon dog shop had the president of Erotic Publishing, and Ichiro Kida gave me about 200 sheets of paper. When I heard that story, one of the publishers of the customer asked me to take a look at the paper when Ichiro Kida came, so I knew it. is there. If you become a big merchant, you will growl. Telling the story to Ichiro Kida,
"Well, I don't have it now, but I'll be there soon, so let's raise it."
"Excuse me
"No, I don't have a tech hat shop. I'm a salesman, so I get paid by paper instead of paying for the goods to the paper company. I pay by paper rather than cash. It's just a story that I'm not a natural gala and I'm going to do a paper maker because I'm hungry. I'm an outsider, so I'll give it to you at the price of the transaction at that time, so you can do it Business Natsutara "
"It's also interesting"
The superficial person is the president of erotic publishing, etc. Both politicians and the presidents of large companies look stale and silly. It seems that only newcomers of the new era, who enjoy playing magical business in a place where there is no line, can enjoy themselves. A politician's president and other business people are like a wife of a spear-kuri calculation at home, and a dark broker is like a bread-and-bread girl who has no fixed house and no fixed business line. By the way, it looks like Aoyama, the blue sky, and a funny human being.
The relationship between Kiyoto Otoko and philosophy became clear at this point, but it was ridiculous. He was certainly a philosopher. To be a philosopher was to betray humans.
He used to be poor. So he was a philosopher. He had neither wealth nor power. That's why Tetsuri and Ifu's substitutes made it in time, and his philosophy was his place and position, not his "human".
Therefore, if the place or position changes, the philosophy also changes. Not by humans.
When I was poor and worked with a low monthly salary, I thought that human beings were lonely, and I thought that I should die or not, until the other day, so my heart Even if he was shocked, he was unexpectedly liar and angry with the section chief, always suffering from regret and fear, but Uhabe was always liar. It's not good these days.
He was no longer lonely. Because I seized some wealth and power, even if I tried to lie in the sky with the intention of pushing Inochi as an assassin as I used to say that I was about to die, I can not push out wealth and power anymore, so philosophy That's the idea, and there is no such a long world. Human beings have changed because there was no such thing as a change in ideology. There is no choice but to change. In other words, his philosophy is not due to his human beings, but to his circumstances.
A long time ago, he ordered to be colder than he was killed by a section chief or an executive, and he used a job, yelled, and sweared without saying anything. There is no place to squeak against the weak.
In the old days, the weak were familiar with the same kind, and the strong were liar to the sky, but nowadays, the strong are familiar with the same kind, and the strong are rubbed with a fir, and the laughter is floating. I used to have a face that I never laughed at, but it naturally unravels and looks younger than usual today, but I like that tie, etc. I use the flattery of Monkirigata.
In the old days, when he had the same kind of familiarity with the weak, he was actually lonely, he was not familiar with him, and he was nostalgic by looking at his poor and weak self.
Now that I am familiar with the strong man, I can no longer afford to look at myself and feel nostalgic. When I rub my hands and float Oiso laughter, I will give back to Ingin politely, but in reality, it's just a charm of the street. The superficial person is not afraid, and he finds the same kind in the strong man, and he can only find himself by doing it. The same Oiso laughing string is different in quality, and he is not a man who does not know his poverty, so these days he is asexually angry, and he may yell at weak people and kick him off. When I meet the new circle class, I feel like I'm laughing at Oiso by rubbing my hands naturally.
"Actually, Mr. Mogami, I came here today according to my wishes."
And Hirofumi Kurata appeared,
"You may not know it, but the world has run out of money these days. Nowadays, you have a lot of things in the streets, but you don't have the money to buy. If you buy and sell It's lucrative, but I don't have the money to buy, one of them is paper. There is paper. It's everywhere. If you buy this and sell it as a book, it's lucrative. It's serious because it's gone. At this time, you should make a big capital here. Buy the paper first. There is no bookstore in Japan that has paper in kind anymore. That's why. Next, I'll buy anything from Soseki or Nishida Philosophy. I'll buy it. I can do anything with money. The story is there because I haven't had a chance to do it. There is no tradition, authority, signboard, or shinise. It's a time when everyone is sick with money, so don't squeeze it. It's a matter of this focus. The dark shop is already a mundane thing for you. Mitsui, Mitsubishi, Kusatsumo Tai, even if you're a little sick at one point, you should be afraid of Yokotsuna's Kanroku. You must be determined. Yamiya-san is the king of the new yen economy, and while he is the king of his own era, his inner heart is Mitsui Mitsubishi. That's why it's said that the village is known. It's a matter of eye-catching. You can make a mistake by yourself. You can buy a first-class writer and a work and push it forcibly. In a year, you, the king of the Japanese publishing world, have no doubt. Old memories will surely disappear due to the existence of those who lose them. Mysterious times In fact, my friend has a rare person who can take anything in the first class, whether it's Nishida philosophy, Miki philosophy, or Soseki, in a way that makes sense. There aren't two excellent people in the world. Former Count, I'm still a Count. I don't know what the new constitution is, but I don't know, but Mr. Fujiwara's last seat is Tsurana. You can be made to be an old-fashioned person who is a Japanese poem, a koto, or a housekeeper of Miyabi. I can't do it. "
"You're old-fashioned. You're just saying something wrong. That's why you can't get bored. You can talk to the author, damp with the print shop, and spend months on paper. I'm tired of making books. I buy the actual item and move it from right to left to make it lucrative. Isn't this more clever? . You have a mechanism that you shouldn't be boring. You can find some kind of real wording by twisting the cave. That's it. But it doesn't have seeds. It's plausible and clever. But it's strange that you've never been bored, as you've never made it yourself. It's nonsense. It's stupid, meaningless, you're old-fashioned, pale, pine. It's just boring. Already, your time is gone. It's always the truth of that time that you're arikitari. Isn't there really someone who can make arikitari? First of all, no matter how crappy the dark man is, he has things but no money, but he doesn't make a quarrel with this section. "
"I was surprised. I have things, but I don't have money. I have paper, but I don't have money. You don't know this. In the inflationary era, the same situation intensifies like a river flooding. There is no such thing as a monkiri type. There are so many things that I couldn't find with bells and drums until yesterday, but today there are so many overflows. There are no buyers. It's said that if you lose it, you won't be able to worship your face even if you pick up bells, drums, and a pile of money. There is no paper. You can buy it no matter how expensive it is, that was a year ago. Tanukiya It is said that the regulars at the back door of the house are supposed to be the dark shops in the world, but this is also a mysterious story. Even if the dark shops have different specialties, they should not know the items on the market. No, but Mr. Mogami is a bad luck person. A. Even though he doesn't know the world, money rolls in, so it's the same as a peasant on the road. That's right, you, right. Even if you turn things from the left to the left, it will be very lucrative when it is lucrative. However, when the inflation era is over, you can do nothing on the ground until then. It's not like the times. It's a bubble of flow. When inflation ends, the bubble disappears and the appearance of the flow appears. This flow is not the same as the old flow. Only those who aspire well now You can follow the mainstream of the next flow by yourself. If you want to do it now, the next Japanese publishing champion, when the bubble disappears, you have to say no, at this time when history is rare. I wonder if I can't detect the peculiarity of Konnichi. Excuse me, you're just an abuku. I wonder if the person who is also the best teacher will turn around until he holds some money. It's you, whether it's per Magre, making a lot of money is a great trace anyway. But you shouldn't be ridiculous. In short, what is called Magre is a Magre, nothing is where you go. Isn't it due to the eyesight that has detected the problem? In such an era, Yotaro of the rakugo can be made. A mechanism that makes it possible to carry rice on a crowded train and earn many times the monthly salary of executives. It's made, it's powerful, it's a time of art. Excuse me, the rough sword of the back door business of Mr. Mogami is no different from the power of Yotaro. It's not the time. Nonsense. If we call this the era, it's the era of nonsense, and there's nothing else on the inside or outside. During the war, the history of the philosophical world was "Japanese", and he was a nonsense spur from Shin to Majime, but even executives of munitions companies and army generals want to be fluffy at the bottom of their stomachs. Compared to the appearance of biting and killing a philosopher and spurring it, the philosopher is more scared than anyone else because he devotes himself to the war. In other words, I wonder if it's just the ability to match the tsujitsuma with the reality at hand, while thinking about the fact that it's the universe of Logos and that it's not very close to Bonkura's hands. There are no philosophers, Nao Yasushi, who are blindly worshiping the real power, and for that reason, even the tsujitsuma of the universe. Until three years ago, I discovered something Japanese, and today I discovered Yotaro, and so on. However, it is said that the one who sees the true tomorrow today and hits the stakes is the king of Japan to come, and I don't know that much. No, I understand, Yotaro's discovery This is also a taste. Anyway, I like discoveries. However, I found what I have now, and I found it. Yotaro may have discovered Yotaro himself, but it is not something that Dr. Mogami discovered. I was allowed to discover it. Is that also a discovery? "
And Hirofumi Kurata, it seemed to be steaming from the head for a while, but it was forever Kodaharu and Una.
"No, I understand. Let's stop talking about it. Sometimes, teacher, please sell me sake or beer. Occasionally, try drinking expensive sake that is rare in the world. Ena "
"I won't sell"
"That's terrible, this person. When did you start to say that? Earnings have a taste in the place where you earn money, but from saying this, I It's already a new era. But you, the field warrior era is not the first time today. Although new era newcomers will certainly appear from among the field warriors, it is extremely A field warrior with a small number of hearts and no crap is just a bubble of flow. "
Kurata was up and running
"Jiyaa, Mogami-sensei, the previous story, the former count, and my brother Kinsuke Koji, I'll stop talking tomorrow. Jiyaa, I'll be back soon. Hi, sorry."
I went home.
Then, about three days after that, Ichiro Kida got on a truck at noon, a little around the time.
"Totsuzen Senka has been carrying about 600 consecutive flowers, but what should I do? I also had Zara, but when I was wandering around with this, I caught it. I sweated so much. . Because I'm in a hurry to help with transportation, there is also a runaway, Yamiya Tosei is a muscle labor. The market price is 2,500, but I handed it over at 2,400. I'm sorry. I'm sorry for the inconvenience because I'm not going to do the work I'm planning to do when I'm ready. Then, I'll hurry ahead, so I'll come back later. "
The superficial person was, well, a little bit,
"It's 600 reams. I wonder if it's possible to get rid of such a tippy Uchiji and A, the place to put it. Anyway, I'll give it away."
"Are you sure? The fact that the actual product is lying side by side is a rare sight that you can't see in this section."
"Thank you very much"
Sabchan, Nobu, and others who were present, so bring them in. Pick up the living room and the rest to the corner of the tatami room and the audience seats in the dirt floor.
"Arama. 144,000 yen. Lightning stone fire, Areyo Areyo, I earned money and disappeared. Atakushi is also a Yamiya's chest, but I'm holding ten pieces, Iyan Natsuchi and Una. I want to sell them all at once and get the money.
Nobu took out the piece from his pocket
"Can someone buy me?"
The superficial person pulls out one piece, one box, and puts one in his mouth, leaves the side of the cockpit, stands alone in the living room, and looks at the pile of paper that has been picked up like a warehouse.
He was satisfied.
Do you have a memory of experiencing a satisfying thought? When I was a kid, I remember having ecstatic delight, but now he's calm down, like a flat chara, as light as water, with a puffy swelling mouth. A very realistic sense of responsiveness is felt about the psyche.
The joy of having money is not a human being who has no idea even when he was poor. But the joy, fulfillment, and satisfaction of having things, he couldn't even predict it until just thirty minutes ago.
When Ichiro Kida put a truck on the truck and went home at any moment, the Supreme Court said, well, Chiyotsu, and then I would give it away. At that moment, I closed my eyes and thought about it so much that I jumped into the hole, and I couldn't afford to think about it.
He was an amateur. He was blindly afraid of what was called a dark broker's deal. However, there must be something that should be anxious about grasping the actual thing. The yen price is declining day by day, but the price of paper is getting higher every day, and a year ago it was as high as 150 yen. The price has risen fifty times a year, and the price of gold has fallen by that much.
It is said that you have things like a mountain, isn't it actually like a mountain? What a sense of fulfillment. Isn't the heavy weight and bulge of Kagiguchi actually his spirit itself?
For the dark shop, things are not their belongings. It's a property that makes money by moving it, and they probably haven't had a sense of fulfillment in possession of these things, such as mountains. The superficial person thought.
"Matsutaku. A dark shop is like a bubble."
He remembered Kurata's words and became rather enthusiastic and entertaining.
I'm higher than Yamiya. In other words, isn't Yamiya just a fateful minion of mine?
The bubbles disappeared, but the paper remained. And soon, the king of the night remains. Yes, it's not just a pile of paper. Eventually, each mountain of everything will remain in his possession.
He looked despised as Hun, turned around and broke into a pile of paper. This is a pile of paper! Everything he thought about was so generous, he laughed and laughed. Then, one boringly stretches his back, opens the back door, and disappears into the street alone. Drinking coffee at the market, the laughter of joy and joy is forever squeezed, pine, and the substance is enriched, which is amazing.
He was sick.
★
The next morning, when I was screaming in the valley of the mountain of Senkagami, there was a guy who struck a doka / \ door in the morning and apparently kicked it.
When I got up, went to the front and opened the door, a man with a helmet and a beard on his nose appeared suddenly even though it was already early autumn.
"Ya, Konchiha"
At the same time as saying, I found the Senka paper that was stuck in the dirt floor, shouted Yaya, turned around,
"Ah, there is, there is.
When I saw it, the truck was laid down on the front, and five big men jumped down,
"Hey, yes, yes. I see. This shouldn't be crazy. This is it. Yeah, it's also here. It should still be. It's here. It's there. It's there. "
No one gave a glance, let alone say hello to the highest-ranking person. As if you were walking around the warehouse freely, you could sneak into the back and open the door, and you could urinate on your own, piss in the toilet without hesitation, a violent wolf, and then you could get in. I'm starting to pee the senka paper into the toilet and the truck
"Hello, who are you?"
"Ah, Sausa, we are."
The nose mustache of the helmet shows the business card of the official's title from the pocket,
"This kind of person. After all, you, that bastard, Ichiro Kida, Mr. Yamisuke, that bastard, you, do ridiculous things. This paper is something that must be moved. It may be an item in the hands of the teacher, but at the moment you are the one in the warehouse that is tightly sealed. I don't know what you're talking about. It's all about catching Kida's bastard and dumping it. "
Then, slapstick, grabbed the inside of the store, squeezed all the paper, and it seems like Yaa is going away.
"Otto, please wait. When will Mr. Kida be given to the police?"
"I can't give it to the police. Why?"
"Why do you take away the paper I bought?"
"That's why you're a man who doesn't understand. You're a raccoon dog who buys dark paper, but you shouldn't do it. Satsuki tells you. You can sell or buy this paper. It's a paper of a nature that can't be done. That bastard, I took it out with a choro of people's eyes, so you were a raccoon dog with that bastard. That's it. You're not prepared for it, a sloppy man, isn't it? "
Shortly after being scolded and black-and-white the eyeballs, the truck turned around the corner and disappeared. I don't understand everyone.
Then, at the end of the day, Ichiro Kida took a taxi and glued it.
"Thank you, I'm sorry. Really, it's a terrible oversight. What, you didn't know where you sold it, and the story went as it was. Most of the time, unfortunately, you, the driver, didn't have a nasal medicine, and you got caught from there. No, there are a lot of papers everywhere, and there are mountains, so I'll put them side by side on the truck again. Then, I'll be in a hurry today, so about three days later, No, I don't want to apologize, I'll pick up the actual item and lay it down. Thank you, I'm sorry for today. "
The car I had been waiting for disappeared like the wind. There is no time to return the money. I have no idea whether it's a heron or a mistake, so I'm so impressed that I'm just left behind before I see it as Areyo.
"Ratsuwan, Master. The pile of paper has disappeared. Wayo, I'm curious, if you pay 144,000 yen, Master is 2 million. Atakushi still has 20 pieces. I've been unsold since yesterday, hey. "
"Since the store will be closed for the time being in the daytime, the thugs will play somewhere."
The buns and cocks were squeezed out and locked, and one person silently drank whiskey. Ichiro Kida does not appear even after three days and five days.
When I visited △△ Shokai based on Kida's business card, the market there was finally burned down by a fire, and now it has become a beautiful field, and people play catch.
The story is different from the usual ones such as the suffering of broken heart. Broken hearts are things that you can't sleep at night, anxiety, anxiety, tameiki, and really peace. The anxiety and despair of the person's chest is different. Broken hearts are often dismissed, but the highest-ranking person wants to squeeze a person's dismissal and kill him. I don't just have a beard on Kida or a helmet, I want to kill all humans and hang them on a tree, so I'm depressed unlike the rough work of pistol robbers and other thugs.
A blood painting was transferred to the silent whiskey. I'll kill you all the time. Saw "Saw" Biki, fire aburi, cow plow, hole hanging, waterboarding, anything.
In the old days, I used to squeeze only my neck and squeeze my neck, but now I'm thinking about squeezing a person's neck unnecessarily, and my head is sick and swells up like a rubber mari. To hurt. I feel like I want to open two air holes in the back of my head to get a heavy slaughter. I couldn't put my head on the pillow for five minutes, no matter how much I took the pillow, I couldn't handle the stiff protrusions with pebbles in the pillow, but when I got up and looked at the pillow , I don't have a pillow. It's the back of the head. I can't go to the back of my head.
There is a guy who knocks on the door. When I hear the sound of knocking on the door in the daytime, blood rises to my head at one time, and I think that Hazumi's body jumps into the air because the strength of thinking waiting for Kida is hidden in my chest. However, it was Hirofumi Kurata who came.
"Nanda, are you?"
"Nanda, you never had Aisatsu. No way, I can't say that I'm Hee. But at that time, it might be interesting to answer that I'm Hee." Hey. Sometimes Gokigen is still the same, and in fact, it's a bit of a story today. "
"No more. The former Count has no use. I've already been killed by Suttenten."
"What is Suttenten?"
Hirofumi Kurata was a cheerful man at the time of his death. The feelings I had forgotten suddenly sank in my chest, and the superficial person somehow felt fragile, but once I became a daimyo, I couldn't fall even if I fell. On the contrary, the consciousness of the rank suddenly and violently makes a horn.
"Actually, I promised to buy 600 papers in a row. Trucks should come today."
"Hahaa. Well, you handed over 600 paper bills to the Yamiya shop, but it's a good idea, but the paper hasn't come yet."
It ’s Kang ’s guy. The key point is to find out. However, I wouldn't have noticed the mysterious Ikisatsu who had carried it by truck and took it away by truck.
"Mah, that's right. But, of course, it's coming. I know that the actual product is there."
"That's you, the actual product is right there. Isn't it in the warehouse of the paper shop, or isn't the paper always stuffed with piles? But you, the paper is not the thing of the paper shop. Isn't it a Yamiya's thing? Isn't it an old technique? It's the oldest technique of a Yamiya since the end of the war. Isn't it the technique of Tanuki Goten and Ifuden? As far as paper is concerned, I never dreamed that Japan would have the same kind of raccoon dog. I see, this store is also called a raccoon dog, but when I try it I wonder if paper and raccoon dogs have a connection. It's because you, clothes, caraco, sugar, etc. have no precedent for the lord, so you can't get the seeds of the lord's technique. However, as far as paper is concerned, this is a trick that doesn't work anymore. So, you, the yamiya shop, can also make a new move for paper these days. There is a surplus. So, you can put your actual item in a mountain and a truck and lay it down to the storefront of the dead. It's an actual item transaction, so you can rest assured. You hand over the goods and receive the goods. Well, the next day, 56 people who look like officials got on the empty truck and made yesterday's paper and took it away. In other words, the paper is the goods for sale. No, it's a sealed item, and I don't know if it's a Seiko order, but I've managed to say that it's an item that doesn't have a raccoon dog. Of course, this is a pair of raccoon dogs. If you play with the means of sealing the raccoon dog, it will be turned into the means of the raccoon dog, so this is you, east and west, and the progress of civilization is endless like this. The new conglomerate, who opened a second-hand bookstore and a pawn shop and aimed at a publisher this time, was brilliantly informed about this. It is unavoidable to be a newcomer to the raccoon dog, but the raccoon dog palace's lord I wonder if the raccoon dogs are greedy and bloodless teachers. "
Although the superficial person desperately came to this place, the steam of hot blood, which was thought to be over 100 degrees Celsius, ran all over the body, and I couldn't understand anything else. When it moves inadvertently, it seems that steam is wiped from the nostrils of the ears. In other words, it is said that both mental and physical punctures occur.
Soon the whole body steam disappeared and it became terribly quiet. The vacuum state has come. nothing. There is nothing up to the bones, and I can only understand the consciousness of wanting to cool down. At the time of execution, I may be unable to walk because I gave up like this.
"Isn't it pale? Isn't it unavoidable that I've done it? So, to put it now, you're alone without a naive warrior like you. It's said that the terrible Contan who tries to do something like the master of the dark shop is the source of the hesitation. It's because there's nothing wrong with fooling you. During the war, a military company Whether you're a master or a literary teacher, you've done total war, high total war, Japanese, high Japanese, but the roots are Charapoko, and the words of the soldiers are taken into account. No one is the first. In Japanese intelligence, only the teachers of philosophy were deceived by military personnel in earnest, and Japanese-style, this is you, these teachers are all crazy. It's okay to become a soldier, but when it comes to a soldier, the space and Japanese tsujitsuma are combined, so the philosophy of Japanese colleges is a free-flowing craft. I want, you think, it's different from physics. Thinking about humans, thinking about the human world, just thinking about it, and instead of doing any work, there are no roots or leaves at all. This is because you don't even know Gokenson, who just notices that, because he's the boss of the universe, he's trying to deceive humans. , A pretty hero. Excuse me, Mr. Mogami must know his own bun. Whenever you make a mistake, you will commit yourself. There is no ancient idea that makes you as poor as you know. Human beings are always alive. A. Living, living even if it isn't true, I don't know what it means to live, A. There is no way I can understand the ideal of the first human being. It's fun to live. I have to live in Japan, and I can devise it. That's the true nature of civilization, but I wonder why the teacher doesn't understand that. I'm all about talking and not drinking anything, which means that it goes against the spirit of civilization. "
Kurata took a glass and took the best whiskey on the chabudai with Nanami, followed by a pie before taking a breath, and about half with Nanami again.
"Um, I can do this. Before I drank at the raccoon dog shop for a long time, the raccoon dog shop's goods became a luxury item. Isn't this a crazy Nikka whiskey? I don't know how I feel when I'm forced to do it. I'm a raccoon dog, and I can enjoy the new Japanese specialties every day, so I wonder if the human mind is really ingenious. "
The superficial person finally regained his mind,
"Isn't the Yamiya who is said to have been killed by your acquaintance a man named Kida?"
"Well, I've left the criminal's address and name to the police officer's notebook for a long time, so my notebook is limited to the address and surname of a funny human being. , The name of the criminal, no matter how many Bei, you're fooled, and you're left behind, you. Even though there's such a gorgeous liquor, it's fun from Shin. Let's do something about it. "
"Hmm, if I can be, I'll do it. I want to be alone, so I'll let the funny ones stay with me."
"Well, let's understand that when you and humans reach forty, the discoloration of the folds is nothing more than a wasteful rat. Don't hate my harmless, just funny Hyalessa maculaticus. "
The superficial person stood up without a reply and went out as it was. It's a sloppy way of saying that it doesn't come out or that it comes out.
The person who came out should be chased, and the non-resistance principle is Kurata's secret. This is not bad either.
Subchan, Nobu, Miss Panpan, etc. appeared there.
"Oh, bread chiyankai. Come on, Anne chiyan, too. I'll give you a pie of good sake. This teacher went for a deep meditation walk, so I can't do profane things today. Dese "
"Are, I'm sorry for your hand shak."
"Why don't you say something nice? Anchan, how many?"
"Ehen, one squid. Have it."
Duke Nobu, take out the cigarette case and sip a fine cigarette.
"I'm afraid this is Anchan, who's gone. Oh, I see, I'm going to set fire with a writer. Hmm, this is Elai. You're going to advance. That young Zamrai. Mr. Mogami didn't know how to use human beings while he was a servant. Thank you. Today, I will serve you on behalf of Mr. Mogami. Drink, talk, and sing a lot. No, don't hesitate to do it. "
That's why the banquet started.
★
The superficial person drank at the market saying that it was soda water liquor or Osilco's castori, but the pain in his head was somewhat dull, and the benefits of alcohol did not appear.
If you drink alcohol, you shouldn't do it. You can't sit down. Suddenly, I think of that sizzle and a pile of full volume. Suddenly, he punctured as soon as he was struck by the volume, and fell into a terrifying vacuum state.
If you have a pistol, suddenly you want to jump out to the street corner and shoot a lot of elephants and elephants into a mess / \.
After all, it is limited to walking.
Then, I came to the front of the Yoshindo Treatment Headquarters, so I was suddenly pulled inside.
When I suddenly tried to go to the next room,
"Moshimoshi, it's your turn. Who are you? If you want to use it, ask me as an agent."
Do not listen to such words and move on to the next room. People in the Senboku are still taking the mystery of Yoshindo to an older woman.
"Yatsuterune"
"Oh, it's annoying. Please sit there for a moment. I'll be there right now."
"Ukai. I see, the sights are interesting. Do you have alcohol or beer?"
"Well, let's do you first. Wife, please wait a moment. Mr. Mogami, please go here."
"Ha ha ha. Also, palmistry. I'm afraid you're out on your Atsurahemuki. I don't know if you'll have a lot of money, but I'll spin the paper, so maybe I'll do it at the publisher."
"Hmm, I see, this is Mr. Mogami, I'm very good at it. Look at this. Here, this is it. The other day, I don't have this branch. There are still a lot of things that have changed outside of that. I borrowed that hand. Hmm, that guy, I'm sorry. But before that, I was sick. That was you, Lumpen. Below, what is it that I also have such a palmistry below Lumpen? I'm going to take you one step higher today. Today's palmistry is a normal or loose Lumpen phase. The other day it was a dangerous place to put a big branch in a place without roots, but as you can see, the branch is cut, that is, you are stable. "
"In other words, my true nature is Lumpen."
"Don't be sick. There is no fixed nature of Lumpen. Palmistry moves, but fate moves, fate is also personality and nature. This palmistry is abandoned by the god of adoption. I won't do it, so please sit back and talk with me today. Let me guide you. "
As usual, Yojin hangs his hair on his forehead, and opens his mouth sloppyly with Moja / \ and Yabunirami's eyes in the middle of the lice's nest, and makes a boring and sloppy face. Sit down with Chokonan and your knees.
"Conchiha. I'm here again. I wonder if God should make up."
"Ahaha"
For some reason, God laughed sloppyly. It sounded like a horse laughing.
"I know what I'm talking about now."
"I understand. I'm coming."
"Ahaha"
"A lot of gods have come to it."
"Don't resent people"
"Ahaha"
"Already good. Today is good."
Yojin-sama caught his eye. When you close your eyes, it becomes Hirune's face.
The superficial person took out a cigarette from his pocket and lit it. I was terribly frustrated while I was smoking. There was a lot of murder that I wanted to kill everyone, and I suddenly went up against it.
Suddenly I grabbed the hand of the Goddess and pressed the cigarette fire tightly.
The adoptive god was fluttering and screaming, but he wouldn't try to shake his oppressed hand. There was a scream, but no screams. When I pushed the fire to my heart's content, raised my face, and looked at the face of the god of gods, the Supreme God was horrified as if he had been soaked in water.
Yojin-sama is squeezing his teeth. Because it has protruding teeth, the monkey peels its teeth. Then, with a desperate eyeball, he stares at the highest-ranked person. But I'm not angry. I don't hate it. Tae, desperate, hard, full-fledged eyeball.
For the final finishing touch, the Supreme God rubbed a cigarette on his hand to extinguish the fire, let go, and stood up.
Yojin-sama's Haritsu meta power loosened at one time, and he was confused, but
"That's why I feel like it."
While fluttering, I was quick.
"It's okay. Today is a mess."
The superficial person went out stunned.
"A little, you. Mr. Mogami."
The person from Senboku called out something during the next time, but he didn't look at it and went out in a foolish manner.
He was scared of something.
I was afraid of the dirty face of a monkey with messy hair who desperately squeezed his teeth and desperately came to this place.
He did find that he had settled down to some extent. It was certainly a calm, no need to kill people anymore. It seems that all the powers have been lost, but some small wonders remain.
He did not see God as a foster god, but he did see humans. I felt like I saw something, saying that human beings might be more complicated and great than the karakuri of the heron of the yamiya.
"Mah, I'm sorry. Anything is fine."
The calm, misanthropic, ironic, old-fashioned thoughts have returned.
"Do you want to make money with the heron teacher Ikasama by using the money of Fundakurare and the spirit of the savior's desperate savior? Ahaha. I've had some crazy things in this life. "
Although it was self-deprecating, it was not unpleasant.
Go back to the roost and drink again, and I'll sleep soundly tonight. I don't have enough sleep every day, so if I can sleep soundly tonight with the help of the god of gods, this is also a strange thing, to the storefront of my raccoon dog shop. When you come, it's lively inside.
Bread bread, Anchan, sloppy, cheerful, dance hall, and danced tango by Hirofumi Kurata's Naniwabushi.
The superficial person frowned, but immediately turned around.
There was no angry Hariahi, and I felt uncomfortable. Let's drink again alone, he wanders back to the market. Certainly, I found that my heart was somewhat clear.
Bottom book: "Ango Sakaguchi Complete Works 05" Chikuma Shobo
June 20, 1998 (Heisei 10) First edition first print issued
Parent of the original: "Money ruthless" Bungeishunju Shinsha
February 1948 (Showa 23)
First appearance: Moneyless "Separate volume Bungeishunju Volume 2 No. 3" Bungeishunju Shinsha
Issued on June 1, 1947 (Showa 22)
Broken heart "Monthly Yomiuri Vol. 5, No. 8"
Issued on August 1, 1947 (Showa 22)
King of the Night "Salon Vol. 2 No. 8"
Issued on September 1, 1947 (Showa 22)
King's defeat "Salon Vol. 2 No. 10"
Issued on November 1, 1947 (Showa 22)
* The bottom book is a large scale of "ga" (ward number 5-86) used for counting things and place names.
* Rubi's yoon and sokuon, which are thought to be due to the new pseudonym, have been written in small letters.
* The titles of "King of the Night" when they first appeared are "King of the Night" and "King's Fall". "King's defeat" is until the end (the most superficial person has recently changed the way he sees the human face).
Input: tatsuki
Proofreading: Tatsuo Fukatsu, Michiko
Created June 18, 2009
Revised April 15, 2016
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were involved in the input, proofreading, and production.
