Fox possession
Atsushi Nakajima

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Kimono

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Actual | etc. << etc. >>

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) Customs [# Emphasis marks on "customs"]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

It has a reputation for having a kimono in the cow parsley of the Neuri village. It seems that various things will be transferred to this man. It means that the hawk, the wolf, the otter, and the spirit of the otter are transferred to the sad shak and spit out mysterious words.
Among the undeveloped races that the Greeks later called the Scutia, this race is particularly unusual. They build houses on the lake and live there. This is to avoid the attack of the beast "Yaju". Thousands of logs were driven into the shallow part of the lake, and a board was passed over it, where their houses stood. They open the trapdoors made in places on the floor, hang a basket, and catch the fish in the lake. Manipulate a dugout canoe to catch raccoon dogs and otters. He knows how to make Azabu, and wears it with animal skin. Eat horse meat, mutton, raspberries, trapa japonica fruits, etc., and enjoy mare milk and Kumis. An ancient strange method of inserting a tube of animal bones into the belly of a mare and letting a slave blow it to hang down milk. 》 Is reported.
The cow parsley of the Neuri village was one of the most ordinary people on the lake.
Shak began to change strangely after his younger brother Deck died last spring. At that time, a group of nomadic Uguri tribes from the north attacked this village like a gale, waving a moon sword on a horse. I came. The people on the lake desperately went crazy. At first, they went out to the lakeside to meet the invaders and attacked them, but they couldn't hit the famous northern grassland cavalry, and they were on the lake. I retired to Sumika. He removed the bridge girder between the lake shore and responded with a catapult and a bow and arrow with the windows of the houses as crenellated. Nomads who were not skillful in manipulating a dugout canoe abandoned the destruction of the village on the lake and robbed the livestock left on the shore of the lake. I went back to the north. After that, there were some corpses left on the soil on the shore of the lake, which had been stained with blood, without a head and right hand. Only the head and right hand were taken home by the invaders. The skull is plated on the outside to make a skull cup, so the right hand is peeled off with the claws on, and the gloves are worn. This is because. Shak's younger brother, Deck's corpse, was also abandoned under such humiliation. Since he doesn't have a face, he can't tell the difference between his clothes and his belongings, but he asked for his unmistakable younger brother's corpse by the mark of the leather band and the decoration of the cow parsley. At that time, Shak was staring at the miserable appearance of him for a while. Someone later said that the situation seemed to be somewhat different from mourning the death of his younger brother.
Shortly after that, Shak began to say a strange idiom. At first, people in the immediate vicinity didn't know what was going on with this man and making him vomit strange words. Judging from the wording, it also seems to be the spirit of a living and peeled beast. After all thinking, it came to the conclusion that the right hand of his younger brother Deck, who had been slashed by the barbarian, must be speaking. Forty-five days later, Shak spoke another spiritual word. This time, I quickly knew what the spirit was. Martial Arts | From the end of the battlefield, which was struck by my soul, after death, the spirit of the emptiness grabbed the neckline, and the darkness was infinite. It is clear that his younger brother Deck himself and everyone have a point to talk sadly about being thrown to the other side of Ankoku. .. When Shak stood stunned beside his brother's corpse, people thought that the soul of Deck had secretly sneaked into his brother.
By the way, until then, it was no wonder that his closest relatives, and his right hand, moved to him, but then Shak, who returned calmly for a while, reminded him again. People were surprised when they started to vomit, because this time it was the words of animals and humans that had nothing to do with Shak.
There have been men and women who possessed things, but there is no example of such miscellaneous things being transferred to one person. At one point, a carp swimming around the lake under this village tentatively shook the mouth of a cow parsley and talked about the sadness and enjoyment of the lives of the scales. It was. At one point, Hayabusa on Mount Tooras talked about the magnificent view of the lake, the grasslands, the mountains, and the lake over there, like a mirror. A female wolf in the meadow talks about the pain of walking around on the frozen soil all night while suffering from starvation under the white winter moon. There is also.
People came to listen to Shak's remarks because they were rare. The funny thing is that Shak (or even the spirits who live in Shak) have come to expect more listeners. Shak's audience gradually increased, but at one point one of them said: Shak's words aren't the ones who are possessed, and that's what Shak thinks and speaks.
Speaking of which, a person who is usually possessed speaks in a more ecstatic and oblivious state. Shak's attitude isn't too crazy, and the story is too rational. Some people said that it was a little strange.
Shak himself does not know the meaning of what he is doing these days. Of course, Shak is aware that it seems to be different from ordinary so-called possessions. However, I don't know why I've been doing such strange gestures for months, and I'm still not tired, so this is still this. I think it's probably because of a kind of possession. At first, I was surely saddened by the death of my younger brother, and while I was angry at the whereabouts of his neck and hands, I uttered a strange thing. It was. It can be said that this is not his act. However, this taught Shak, who originally had a fantasy tendency, the fun of moving to something other than himself with his own imagination. Gradually, the audience increased, and their facial expressions emerged as a result of their story, or as a relief, or a horror, or a fake color. As I saw it, this fun became indescribable. The composition of the fantasy story becomes skillful day by day. Scenery by imagination | Depiction "Byosha" is adding more and more vivid colors. Surprisingly for myself, various scenes emerge in my imagination in a vivid and subtle manner. Surprisingly, he can't help but think that something is possessed by him. However, he still thought that there should be a tool called a character that should convey the words that are unknowingly created one after another to "later" later. 》 No. Of course, I can't even know what name the role I'm playing now will be called in posterity.
Even after Shak's story seemed to be his act, the audience never decreased. Instead, he asked him to make new stories one after another. Even if it's a myth of Shak, they also thought that it must be possessed to make that Shak, who is mediocre, make such a wonderful story. .. This is because it is unthinkable for those who are not possessed to give such details about things that they do not actually see. They semicircle the cow parsley under the shade of a rock on the shore of the lake, under a fir tree in the nearby forest, or at the door of a cow parsley house with a goat's skin hanging. I enjoyed his story while sitting around him. The story of the thirty thieves living in the northern mountains, the story of a monster at night in the forest, and the story of a young bull in the meadow.
When the young people were fascinated by Shak's story and neglected to work, the Buraku elders made a bitter face. One of them said. It is a sign of ominous butterbur that a man like a cow appears. If it's a possession, it's an unprecedented possession, and if it's not, it's a mad madness, one after another. I've never seen a madman. In any case, the fact that such a guy jumped out was something of a natural ominous thing. This elder happened to have a leopard claw as a sign of the house, and he was the most influential family member, so this old man's theory became a place supported by the full-length elder. They secretly attempted to eliminate Shak.
Shak's story gradually took more material from the surrounding human society. This is because the audience has become unsatisfied with the stories of hawks and bulls. Shak is a story of a beautiful young man and a woman, a story of a jealous and deep old woman, and a story of an old woman who is intimidating to others, but only to an old wife. I started to talk about the chief of the sword. When I talked about an old man who lost to misery by competing with a young man and a beautiful daughter, even though he had a head like a bald hawk during the hair loss period. , The audience burst into laughter. I laughed so much that I asked him why, and he said it was because the elder who proposed the exclusion of Shak had a similar miserable experience recently.
The elder was finally angry. He squeezed a white snake-like wisdom and squeezed it. A man who had recently taken his wife to sleep joined the scheme. Because he believed that Shak had told a story that would be appropriate for him. The two tried to do their best to draw everyone's attention to Shak's constant neglect of his duties as a Burakumin. Shak does not fish. Shak does not take care of the horse. Shak does not cut down trees in the forest. Do not peel the otter. Has anyone seen Shak do the village work long ago since the sharp winds brought snowflakes like hairs from the northern mountains?
People thought so. In fact, Shak didn't do anything. People felt it especially clearly when it was time to distribute the necessary items for the winter basket. Even the most enthusiastic listeners of Shak. Even so, people were attracted to the fun of Shak's story, so he reluctantly distributed winter food to Shak who did not work.
Avoiding the north wind behind the thick fur, they sip horse milk liquor by the beast droppings and the stone furnace that burned dead trees, and they go through the winter. .. When the shore 蘆 "Ashi" began to sprout, they went out again and started working.
Shak also went out into the field, but the light of some eyes was dull, and it looked dull. People noticed that he was no longer telling a story. Even if you ask for a story with a strong force, you can only rehash the story that you have done before. No, I can't even speak satisfactorily. The words have completely lost their vividness. People said. The cow parsley's possession has fallen. The possession that made Shak tell many stories has clearly fallen.
Although the possession fell, the previous diligent habit did not return. Rather than working, casually telling a story, Shak lived vaguely looking at the lake every day. Every time I see it, the listeners of the previous story distribute their precious winter food to the lazy people of this ridiculous face. I was annoyed at that. The elders who have a place to include in the shak are laughing north. Those who are found to be harmful and useless to the Buraku can be disposed of after consultation.
Influential people with a beard wearing a hardball necklace consulted more. No one is willing to speak for Shak, who has no relatives.
The thunder and rainy season 《Raiki》 has just arrived. They are most afraid of thunder. It is the voice of the angry curse of the heavenly single-eyed giant Kyojin. Once this voice roared, they had to stop doing all the work, be reluctant, and exorcise evil spirits. .. The old man, who is a goddamn man, buys the fortune-teller Senbokusha with Gyu-Kaku Cup 2 and connects the existence of the ominous shak with the recent frequent thunder. succeeded in. People decided that: One day, if the thunder roars more than three times between the time when the sun passes directly above the center of the lake and the time when it hits the treetops of the big tree of the beech tree on the west bank, Shak will The next day, they will be disposed of according to the ancestral tradition [# "the tradition" is a side point].
Someone heard thunder four times that afternoon. Some said they heard it five times.
The next evening, a feast was held around the lakeside bonfire. In the large pot, the meat of the sheep and horse was mixed with the meat of the poor cow parsley. For the inhabitants of this region, who are not very rich in food, all new corpses, except those who have been sick, are naturally available for food. The curly-haired young man, who was Shak's most enthusiastic listener, chewed the flesh of Shak's shoulders while shining his face on the bonfire. The elder of the example sucked the flesh on the bone with his right hand, the femur of the hateful sword. After sucking, I squeezed the bones far away, and there was a sound of water, and the bones sank into the lake.

That one poet was eaten in this way long before Maeonides, a blind man called Homer, sang the beautiful songs [# "emphasis marks"]. No one knows.
[# Raise one character from the ground] (July 1945)



Bottom book: "Chikuma Japanese Literature 012 Atsushi Nakajima" Chikuma Bunko, Chikuma Shobo
Issued the first print on March 10, 2008
Issued the 3rd print on June 20, 2009 (Heisei 21)
Parent of the bottom book: "Atsushi Nakajima Complete Works Vol. 1" Chikuma Shobo
March 15, 1976 (Showa 51) First edition first edition issued
First appearance: "Light, Wind and Dreams" Chikuma Shobo
First edition issued on July 15, 1942 (Showa 17)
* The following text of Aozora Bunko has been modified and incorporated into this file according to the above-mentioned base.
"Fox possession" (input: Kei, proofreading: Atsuko Kimoto)
* Footnotes by the editor of the bottom book are omitted.
Input: Kenta Koike
Proofreading: Hisagi Satoshi
Created November 27, 2020
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (https://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
