Principal 3rd generation
Osamu Dazai

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Dedicated with a gun.
-------------------------------------------------- -----

When I was at the entrance ceremony of Hirosaki High School, I remember that the principal who trained me was named Kurokin. He was a slim person who wore Kinso's glasses and was a little kid. It resembled Sanae Takata. I like planting trees, and I arranged the plants gracefully around the school, and sometimes I sewed and sewed between the plants with my hands behind them.
It was Mr. Shintaro Suzuki who came to the end soon after. This person's first and last name is memorable. This person failed with a little bit. How can you stay now? He is a politician, and he has some relations with political parties. As soon as I take office, I want to have five days a week, a holiday every sixth day, and classes only in the morning every day, so I don't think the students will be lazy. He made a big delight in the students by giving a vague impression that he believed in the students, but this was not revealed. After all, it was just an impression. But he did something else.
One school is regarded as a national family, two representatives are selected from each class, and the school staff and alumni members become government members, and sometimes they open a meeting to deliberate on school administration. The restoration was carried out.
The principal himself was a stranger to the Chancellor of Sashizume Ichikuni. The election of deputies was very active. In the corridor of the school, sticky recommendation villas are put up, and the selection office etc. are also terrible, some stand under the school gate and hand out business cards to each student who goes to school. Some of them threatened their juniors by the straitjacket of their seniors in junior high school, and stood up to ridiculous rumors such as swordsmanship and gold swords.
This parliamentary system later expelled the Chancellor. At that time, it was a great trick. The principal secretly used up the alumni expenses and the amount of money he had saved for the students. We can't say what it was used for now. The principal himself knows. At that time, the politician Ahida said that it was okay, but my brother said, "I'm stupid doing that in the education world." .. It wasn't normal from the beginning. It felt like a completely illiterate person. The kimono with a sewn pattern looks good and resembles Keisuke Mochizuki. That alone will tell you everything. When it comes to clothes, it is golf pants. The face was beautiful because of the imposing extrusion. Occasionally, I came to the school by rickshaw and wrote a secretary, but I went around the school. Kimono, white silk gloves, and silver cane. After a round, the staff sent me off, and I was riding on a rickshaw and relaxed at the Goyukan. It was fine. That's not my brother's words, but it's a failure because I did such a thing in the educational world, so if I moved to the political party at that time, I might have succeeded. He was an unhappy person.
The principal had a son. After all, I was enrolled in the science of Hirosaki High School. I had never spoken to that person, but even so, the principal's official residence and my boarding house were so close to each other that I had to smile on the way to school. At the same time, this person was poisoned by Ki in the sneak peek of the principal's expulsion.
The principal gathered all the students in the auditorium and apologized. This time, all the students laughed because they said in a dignified speech tone that they were really sorry and wanted to be forgiven. Dorobo! There was also a hot-blooded cry. The principal was stuck on the podium for a while. Aside from me, the principal's son was there. I turned down and stared at the tip of my shoes. It seems that he is a person who can do it well, and he is a top class student, but now he is sick.
Principal Suzuki was taken to the affairs bureau, and the next person to come was Tozawa and Kaifuhito. It's easy for me to forget a person's name, and I can't even remember the principal's name. You may make a mistake. Yuho Kikuchi's younger brother. It was very similar to that Mr. Yuho Kikuchi, as seen in the photo. It was petite and I was able to stay there. It was the reason of an English scholar. Salute the principal during the military training review! Once upon a time, we used a sasage gun, and when we saw the principal, the principal received the autumn sun in front of him, and he was very calm. It wasn't. Oh, I missed him at that time, thinking that he was Yuho's younger brother. We graduated when we were the principal. I don't know anything after that.



Bottom book: "Osamu Dazai Complete Works 11" Chikuma Shobo
March 25, 1999 (Heisei 11) First edition first print issued
First appearance: "Imperial University Newspaper"
October 31, 1938 (Showa 13) issue
Input: Juri Mukai
Proofreading: Shigeo Kobayashi
Created January 7, 2005
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
