Traveling with children
Tayama flower bag

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Numbers are JIS X 0213 area area number, or original page and number of lines)
(Example) * [# "Eye + 爭", 3rd level 1-88-85]

/ \: Double dance character (repeated symbol in the shape of a vertically lengthened "ku")
(Example) Long / \ train
-------------------------------------------------- -----

On New Year's Day in 1884, we met at Kamisuwa Onsen. The sun was shining on the snow in the mountains, and the cold wind permeated my skin. In the semi-frozen lake water, the small steamer, which had been running until a few days ago, was closed by ice.
I arrived here late last night. The hot spring jar was just down the stairs. None of the guests were bathing last night or this morning. I stayed there for a long time with him, playing with a ten-year-old boy who went with me.
"No one can boil, so can you get so much hot water by yourself?" 』\
The boy said with his eyes * [# "eyes + 爭", 3rd level 1-88-85].
It was a beautiful hot water. All my hands and feet looked transparent. The boy swam around with a large jar as his own. Bored yesterday's long / \ train, countless tunnels with headaches, seemed to forget it altogether.
When I saw the red Mt. Fuji reflected in the setting sun between Hinoharu and Kobuchisawa, the boy looked astonished by the stone and kept his head off the window. But the mountains, the snow, the valleys, the towns, and the sausages, and the young ones, did not attract too much curiosity. The boy was thinking of Yahari's distant mother.
We arranged the bowls and bowls on the plate on the kotatsu, and we picked up the ozoni chopsticks. The father told him what he liked about his child, but one day he was in the mood to tell an adult.
While the train was running along the edge of Lake Suwa, I could see the dark blue Fuji from between the mountains. By the time it was near Shiojiri Station, the mountains of the Japanese Alps seemed to be sunny in some places, cloudy in some places, and covered in snowstorms in some places. In the first floor of the Hatagoya in front of the stop, the warm shade of the horse was brightened, and a couple of peeled tangerine peels of a boy were scattered around the kotatsu.
The snow was deep in the valley of Kiso. The board house with stones could be seen here and there. I pointed to the child at the eaves of a long icicle. The world that I often see In the world that I often see, the feelings of a boy who first turned to it made a lot of sense to me.
I don't know, but I know it well.
If you want to know, but don't understand, there is no choice but to keep silent.
The boy was always watching silently. Whether the mountains are towering, the rivers are flowing, the valleys are open between the mountains, or the woman in the travel shop puts white powder on her and laughs and laughs at her words ... ...
The boy was watching silently.
Life is a life to see rather than a life to think about. It's a listening life. From what you see and what you hear, various phenomena have enriched their meaning.
It would be nice if you could see it. If your eyes are closed, it's good if you can hear it. If you can't hear, you want to know your life by touching it.



Bottom book: "Japanese famous writing 78 Iku" work company
First print issued on April 25, 1989 (Heisei 1)
Issued the 3rd printing on September 1, 1991 (Heisei 3)
Parent of the bottom book: "Hanabukuro Bunwa" Hakubunkan
December 1911 (Meiji 44)
Input: Hiyori
Proofreading: Shigeo Kobayashi
Created March 25, 2008
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
