A year of suburban life
At Okubo
Kido Okamoto

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) What is a shadow?

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Two hours | to << or >>

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) [# Raise one character from the ground] (April 1914)
-------------------------------------------------- -----

It has been a year and nine months since the earthquake, and it has been a year and nine months since the people have been wandering around and have a restless day. It was last March that it flowed into Okubo, and it has been more than a year. Those who were born in Tokyo, lived in Tokyo, and thought that the suburbs were a place to visit a friend's house or go for a walk on a sunny day in spring and autumn, did not measure it. It may be said that the fact that he gained one year of experience living in the suburbs is also a result of the earthquake. Of course, I pay a lot of money for the gift ...
The first time I moved here was when the spring cold in March hadn't passed yet, and it rained cold every day for the last three days of the end of the month, 25th, 26th, and 27th. On the twenty-eighth day, it was shaded from the morning, and sometimes it snowed. In Toyama, which looks north from the backyard of my house, I couldn't see the spring-like blue color at all. An old tree, which seems to be a relic since the mountain cottage of Bishu Hou, sticks out a large dead branch without any taste, and the square red brick architecture of the Army Science Research Institute and the factory of the Toyo Confectionery Company A large chimney that rises, sand smoke that rolls up white all over the field on a windy day, and a line of such tools can usually be imagined. I remembered the winter of Manchuria, where I wandered a long time ago, and felt that the coldness of this spring was just one.
"I don't like the suburbs," said the women in her wife who are familiar with the city.
"Mmm. I don't like it as much as I expected," I frowned a little.
The sound of provincial trains and freight trains was not pleasant either. The sound of the Army's shooting field was also quite noisy. During the night exercises in Toyama, I was surprised to shoot a rifle. The distance of the bathhouse, the inconvenience of shopping, and the fact that there are various things when I set up one by one made me feel regretful that I had drawn in so far, but I think that it will be somehow if I get used to it. In the suburbs, the spring of April came and the two large cherry trees in the garden were in full bloom. The branches protrude high into the traffic beyond the low hedges, so when I looked up from the outside, my house, which lay small under the flower, looked like a picture. Spring grass began to bark in Toyama, and a large black kite, which is rarely seen in the city these days, was flying high on the lush green field.
"The suburbs aren't bad either," I reconsidered.
In May, the color of Okubo's famous azalea made the whole circle brighter. There are no azalea gardens left, but even now, I can't help but keep the azalea flowers in the garden. The original soberness may be suitable for this flower, but all the large trees and small plants had remarkable flowers. In my garden, not only red and white, but also purple and birch-colored strange species began to bloom in disorder. I suddenly felt awake and not only walked in my garden, but also wandered around the neighborhood when I had free time, peeking between the fences of the houses there. There was.
Using the large garden and the large number of open spaces, I also made flower beds and fields to imitate the neighbors. Japanese and Western flower seeds were sown on the flowerbed. In the field, we sowed corn and summer radish seeds, and planted eggplant and melon seedlings. I also sown Yugao seeds and made a loofah shelf. For me, a lazy person, taking care of them was quite troublesome, but as long as I lived in the suburbs, it seemed like a natural job, and I was willing to mess with the mud in the morning and evening. 》 I didn't. By the rainy season in June, stems and vines had grown on the flower beds and fields, and leaves and branches had spread, and the entire garden was wet.
In the summer, what disappointed me a little was that the frogs didn't ring at all. I had heard the cry a couple of times in the ditch under the bank of the house across the street, but I could hardly hear anything else. I had heard that voice in the Kojimachi area before the earthquake, but I wondered why it didn't ring in the suburbs. The fireflies didn't fly either. I released the fireflies I got from another place into the garden, but the light disappeared somewhere in the evening. On the night of Samidare, my expectations of quietly listening to frogs and looking at fireflies were betrayed. Instead, there are many dogs. Domestic dogs and stray dogs are barking constantly.
While living for several months, I got used to the inconvenience of shopping. I was no longer surprised by the sounds of trains and guns. Since the bathhouse is far away, I decided to burn a bath at home. I wrote about the bath separately, but I think it's a so-called suburban mood to slowly soak in a small bath while looking at the flowers and leaves of the sorghum that can be seen in the cool breeze. I also came to realize that. Moreover, the time has come when I can't help but be so fluent. In August, the drought continued, and the residents of this area, who were short of water, could not help but worry about the water. Every house started to look into the bottom of the well, and at the houses of my landlord's relatives, I came to get water from my well from a distance beyond the station. The quality of the water in this well is good and the amount of water is relatively large, so I didn't suffer from the sickness, but I couldn't get two hours in a day. There was a day like that. There were days when the water in the garden was spared. There were days when I had to take a break from the bath. I also went to the well once a day. Locals said that if the sun shines a little not only in summer but also in winter, it will be threatened by running out of water.
Like frogs and fireflies, there weren't many insect voices heard here. It's not that it doesn't ring at all, but it didn't ring as much as I expected. When I was in Kojimachi, at the beginning of autumn, weaving insects such as Hataori Musi jumped into the darkness, but I had never even heard the crying voice here. Even though the garden was large and the grass was deep, it made me lonely that I couldn't hear many autumn insects. There were few insects and unexpectedly few aedes mosquitoes. I remember burning mosquitoes at my house only in February before and after.
In the fall, cosmos and shien bustled my garden. It was fun to see the sunflowers blooming high enough to cross the eaves in the summer sun, but it made me happy that Shien spread its branches and leaves and bloomed high. Speaking of Shien, only the weak appearance that seems to be autumn is drawn, but when it grows sufficiently and it forms a plexus of 5 shares, 6 shares or 10 shares, it is uniform with sunflowers etc. In addition, it shows the magnificent masculine taste of Ning. When you look at the small flowers of thin purples gathering together and fluttering like clouds from the large blue leaves, you can feel as if you are looking at the cherry blossoms because of the pine trees. It's a flower that isn't very well received by the general public, but since I came here, I've come to like this Shien very much. Wherever I go, I want to grow Shien.
The sorghum was also ripe, but at that time I was injured in the gastrointestinal tract, so I was just looking at the smoke that burned it. Seven or eight loofahs were also large, and some of them exceeded two shaku.
Winter in the suburbs is pitiful. Yamazato is lonely in winter-not so much, but when the pampas grass in the garden becomes afraid of the trees, the rough search is repeated every evening. A kind of frost is overwhelming the shop. The frost columns in the garden get deeper every morning. Even on a sunny day, a rare little bird does not even sing. When Toyama was stripped of his blue robe and the leaves of the old tree were sifted off, the slightly surviving dead grass was mourned by the north wind and sand smoke, and the bricks and confectionery of the Scientific Research Institute. The company chimney stands out again. At night, the sound of the 柝 around the fire is constantly heard, and the voices of the dogs of the houses barking in the frost become roaring. The chills in the morning and evening are stronger than in the city, so I had to be very careful because I was vulnerable to the common cold.
I often hear that there are many thefts in the suburbs, but I am not a cautious person here either. My Yokomachi was also damaged a couple of times, and the thief was captured by a secret detective police officer, but shortly thereafter, my house was also stolen. I discovered it after dawn, but for some reason the thief did not take anything and left with a new muslin masked hood. Once I delivered it, several criminal police officers came from the police and went to the scene to investigate the scene, but the thieves were a group of bad young people, as if they were subsequently captured in the town of Nakano. heard. On the way back from the outside around 10 pm, one of the maids in my house was attacked by a molester in the dark of Yokomachi, but was saved because a police officer occasionally patrolled. Anyway, since this kind of molester is infested, I have sent a mimeograph notice from the union in the town block, saying that women should be careful when going out at night. Fortunately, there is no fire in Hyakunincho, where I live, but there are frequent fires on the Yodobashi side. These incidents are most common in early winter.
"Which do you prefer, the suburbs or the city?"
I often get asked this way. On the other hand, I answer that they are the same. There are advantages and disadvantages to living in the suburbs and living in the city, and to be fair, both are difficult to live in. If you want to put up with the difficulty of living, you can follow the suburbs or the city, each of which you like. [# Raise one character from the ground] (April 1914)



Bottom book: "Kido Okamoto Collection" Iwanami Bunko, Iwanami Shoten
First print issued on October 16, 2007 (Heisei 19)
Issued the 4th edition on May 23, 2008
Parent of the bottom book: "Cat Willow" Okakura Shobo
First edition issued in April 1934 (Showa 9)
First appearance: "Yomiuri Shimbun"
June 1, 1925 (Taisho 14)
Input: Takashi Kawayama
Calibration: noriko saito
Created December 3, 2008
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
