Lafcadio Hearn's secret manuscript "Youma Poetry"
Torahiko Terada

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Yakumo Koizumi << Koizumi Yakumo >>

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) This time | Oyama "Oyama" bookstore

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) [# "O" with white circle emphasis marks]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

I have read the small collection "Kokoro" of Lafcadio Hearn "Koizumi Yakumo" more than 10 years ago. Among them, the one that left the deepest impression to date was the "ballad of Oguri Hangan" among the "three folk songs" added at the end of this book as an appendix. This story, which has always been sung by a special group of Japanese people, already has a somewhat exotic atmosphere in itself. When I read it in the brush of a strange Western poet, it seems to be a spell "Incantation" that calls the illusion of a mysterious dreamland. The background of the story is like this Japan where we live, but I also feel that it is an unknown land that is somewhere far away from Japan, but is connected by a deep connection that is inseparable from Japan. When I think about it, I feel that it is a dream story that was born between the forests and swamps of the remote countryside of Northumberland, England.
When I read "Kaidan" by the same author long after that, I got the same impression.
Next time | When I was asked to introduce "Yomashiwa" published by Oyama Bookstore, the first thing I remember when I tried to write something was this mysterious impression. is there. Therefore, it is the fate of nature that the call that the "Yokai poetry" in front of me calls to me also echoes from this vague and mysterious fog.
The English translation of the forty-eight heads that Mrs. Yakumo liked from the "Kyoka Hyakumonogatari" that Mrs. Yakumo dug out from a second-hand bookstore was recorded in a previously published book entitled "Goblin Poetry". The draft of it was kept as it was in the hands of the bereaved family, and it was duplicated with the intention of commemorating today, 30 years after his death, and Kazuo Koizumi, who was parallel to the original text, It is said that it was published as a very distinctive limited edition with the addition of Mr. Kazuo Koizumi's commentary in Japanese and the elaborate design of the book design.
After all, the most interesting thing in this book is the duplicate photo of this manuscript. It seems that the original was written on a poor straw paper "straw paper" notebook for children with the imported blue-black ink sold at that time | Maruzen "Maruzen", but it was discolored and sepia. It is black. Ganpi, which has a similar color and feel to the manuscript, is printed on Torinokogami and pasted on the left page one by one. There is a Japanese commentary below it, and the opposite right page is in English. The text is printed.
The size of the book is 32 x 43.5 centimeters, and the paper seems to be a pure white torinokogami made from a single sheet of paper. The cover is said to have been taken from the futon, which was used by Mr. Yakumo, and the white stone lanterns, Hagi, and Higan were dyed on a dark blue background. The large well-shaped swords are woven in white and conspicuously in the scattered lanterns.
It is interesting that this also seems to symbolize Mr. Yakumo's enthusiastic dream of unique Japan. Such a quilt is probably not found in any kimono store, let alone a department store, today. It seems that he purposely prepared it. It seems that the enthusiastic efforts of the owner of Koyama Bookstore are also reflected in these bindings. This unique rare book is worthy of a bibliophilia's treasury as a comprehensive work of art created through the joint production of authors, commentators, book designers, papermakers, dyeing and weaving workers, printers, and bookbinding workers. However, there are some regrets in English type, but in a sense, it may be interesting as a historical landmark of such a limited edition.
The most interesting thing about the duplicate manuscript is probably the sketches of various monsters drawn beside the poetry manuscript. That is a really good picture. Then, it's still like a Japanese monster, but some of them, such as "Furutsubaki", "Yuki Onna", and "Soul-relief disease", are somewhere in the Western European fairy. The image of "Yosei" comes to mind as "Hofutsu". It seems that many of the "Rokurokubi" that appear in the author's collection of small pieces "Kaidan" appealed to Mr. Yakumo's illusion very specially. Two variations are listed. One is his wife, and the other is a copy of Kahi's face at the time. It is of particular interest to have the laughter of the demon "Yoma" called "Katakana" popping out from the former mouth.
In addition, for example, "Matsuo [#" O "with white circle emphasis mark] Orihisig" is written in one corner of the page with the picture of "Yukijoro", and "Kageno" is next to the picture of "Heikegani". Gotokutsuki Mata [# "Ta" with white circle emphasis marks] U ", and later erase" Mata [# "Ta" with white circle emphasis marks] U "ta [#" Ta "with white circle emphasis marks] to [#" When I look closely at the correction to "to" with a white circle emphasis mark], I feel that there is one aspect of Mr. Yakumo's family life and everyday feelings at that time. is there. Perhaps I asked my wife various questions during a quiet time after dinner, and I imagined that I wrote it down on the edge of a piece of paper as if it were a reminder.
It is also Western-style of this poet that a black cat "Kuroneko" is drawn on the song of "Funayrei" and a strange moth "ga" is attached to "Soul soul disease". It seems to indicate the breadth of movements of fantasy and association.
Mr. Kazuo's commentary is also quite interesting to read because it has a kind of freedom that is not like a professional literary person. The title of the book, which says that the brush of Mr. Yakumo's grandson was dyed, also adds a distinctive feature to this book.
In the mysterious chain that connects the very unique poet Lafcadio Hearn with his beloved land of Japan, it is probably difficult for us Japanese to understand, or even unthinkable. However, it is conceivable that there was a deep recognition that came from a special point of view that was extremely inevitable for this person. Of course, tracking, analyzing, and studying it is extremely interesting and meaningful for us and the Japanese people of the future, but there are clues to discoveries that shed unexpected light on such research, or rather these drafts. It may not be found in the fragments of.
For example, what kind of monsters are the monsters that appear in "Kaidan" and have the honor of being selected from among the many monsters in this hundred stories, and what kind of monsters appeal to this person? And in what ways is it closely linked to the spiritual life of the Japanese people over the past few thousand years? Just thinking about this suggests various serious and interesting problems, but the psychic test of the suggested spell "Juho" is further remarkably strengthened by the mellow feeling we receive from this handwritten draft. It seems that it will be done.
[# Raise one character from the ground] (October 1945, Imperial University Newspaper)



Bottom book: "Torahiko Terada Complete Works Vol. 17" Iwanami Shoten
Issued the first print on February 7, 1962 (Showa 37)
Input: Kyoko Kato
Calibration: Kaori Kato
Created March 6, 2003
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
