Steal the incense
Murou Saisei

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) What time << when >>

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Everyday | Plane << Kanna >>

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Numbers are JIS X 0213 area area number or Unicode, base page and number of lines)
(Example) * [# "Snoring + Snoring", Level 4 2-94-73]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

When the man tried to go out, the woman was standing at the front door without sound and put out a brown hat. The man picked it up and opened the grid and went out. The woman stood vaguely for a while, but soon she sat loose at the long fire bowl and stayed still. It's a woman's habit, and I usually think about it after a man goes out, get completely gloomy, and spend twelve hours untouched. And when I think of it, I finally start sewing. I used to put a dark thread through a piece of cloth like seaweed like a cassotte. After such an hour, the woman became nervous again with her superorder, and she lacked some delicate emotions and the edge of the bowl. It was thought that the man intentionally took his eyes off when he went out, and that he went out to his mouth and made a silent gesture on purpose. The more I indulged in that idea, the more I was absent from work, and I stared at the light of the shoji that I had opened, looking up at me.
In fact, the woman was sickening day by day, with a sharp chin, a slender whole face every day, and a sickness that peeled off like a plane. The skin, which has been sunk and bluish, has lost its luster to the point of being unpleasant, and is flowing white and cold to the throat, and they are so depressed that they cannot be seen straight for a long time. It looked like it was. For one thing, she is extremely afraid of noise and thinks about one thing for a long time. For example, in the man's room, the strange coughing sound that occurs when there is no man, the tatami mats, and the mishearing that seems to make some small words often hit his mishearing. It made me sick. The woman raises her slender, weak face, listens, and listens to the noise that occurs in the man's room almost like a habit on days when there is no man. I felt like I was turning blue and swaying naturally.
On the fundus of the woman, the figure of a dark man is clearly reflected, even the hand that is steadily carving toward the work table all day, and it becomes like a strange, simply dark shadow. There were times when I could see it, when it looked white to the face, and when it looked like another stranger. It was silent that the blade of the chisel, which is carving for one material every day, shimmers in the shavings, and scoops out the wood shavings when carving it in a stubborn manner. It moves along with the figure. The man worked silently for a day, coughed in a bad mood, and ate in a bad mood three times a day. I didn't talk about anything in particular. He tried to be afraid to see the pale face of the woman, avoiding his eyes and trying not to talk to each other. At that time, the woman was in the room and sometimes listened to the man's work, but soon she was lonely and just pulled the thread from the dark thread of Rei and continued to sew.
The man went out in the evening. The woman felt that the man had a clear woman and that she could smile brightly for the first time, but she kept silent and always kept silent.
"Welcome."
With that said, I didn't make any particular jealousy or wording just by handing over the brown hat. Therefore, in the evening, the man was strangely staring at the clock, the garden, and the sky, but in the end he stood up with all his might, so the expression that calmed down in the painful and lonely face at that time It was always easy for a woman to read. The woman gives out a man in a gentle manner, and when the man is late, he gets very drunk and returns. However, mysteriously, the fierceness of the woman's eyes in the eyes of a man was irresistible, and she looked lonely like somen, which was thin and had no sperm. Therefore, when the woman went out to the front door and picked her up late at night, the man's Kao instantly praised the color of regret and shame, but soon entered his room with a strong face. It doesn't come out.
The woman was only screaming day by day and did not make any noise at any time. You can open the sliding doors, slip on the tatami mats with soft feet like a cat, sit in the corner between the closet and the shoji as if you are sleeping deeply, and keep silent forever. When I thought about it, I was doing some laundry and biting near the basin. It was also seen as a creature with no sound like water, somewhere without legs. The woman opens the shoji in the man's workplace,
When he said something like ".........", the man was surprised when he saw a woman who had the same color as a shoji that opened. This is because the face, which is more than half hidden in the shoji, looks like a chicken egg cut in half and loses its luster. While being frightened, he gradually hid his half-shown face behind the shoji.
"Why are you scared of me. I'm so scared."
While the man made a rough carving with a chisel and roughly raised the blade, when he raised his face, the woman screamed.
"No. I'm not really scared."
Almost whispering, I read that the man's complexion was a little annoyed, but soon after it contained some kindness that was different from the usual moody. I took a look at it. The woman quickly thought that she was trying to talk something kindly with me with a different feeling than usual.
"That's fine, but if you keep thinking about it for a day like you, you'll get sick. It seems like it's still bad. You've been sick."
The lonely diagonal line on the woman's shoulder was flowing thinly as if it had been drawn with a thin pencil, and the man said that he could see the thin arm.
"I don't think of anything, but ... I don't think there's anything wrong with it ..."
"Your way of doing things is so terrible. You shouldn't think about it."
When the man said, "I know I was sick, but ...", the woman answered, and she rolled up her sleeves and rubbed her thin hand. From the elbows to the wrists, it was thin like ayu, and was stretched out with a white, itchy, timid, fading fading. I could see a light blue thing like a leaf vein.
"You're having a hard time moving. You shouldn't think about anything boring."
When the man said while smoking, the woman screamed while trying to say something. His facial expression immediately added the coldness and paleness of his eyelids, which made him even more cold and pale. It was an expression that suddenly appeared when she was silent at all times, and when the man saw this, he immediately read his relentless and confused heart. It was an expression that a man could feel immediately after being with a woman for such a long time.
“…………” The woman silently looked up at the man. When the man looked at the color of his eyes, he felt the deep, peculiar flame of the woman. The eyes were entwined with grudges, and I couldn't get rid of them.
"Let's do some work. Go over there."
The man did not turn to the woman this time, he began to steadily dig into the details of the carvings at the tip of the chisel, and did not turn to the woman again with << Nido >>. When the woman looked down at the man who started work, he tried to say something that he liked, but he couldn't think of it. The woman pulled a shoji so that there would be no sound. It closed white. The man finally looked relieved at that time and headed for the work table again.
When the woman returned to her room, she sat down like glue and vaguely thought about something with her hands on her lap.


When the sun was about to fall, the man changed his clothes lightly, and when he thought that the woman's hand, which was washing the bowls and dishes, quivered, her hand stopped. When it did, the woman's eyes were sucked into the body of a large bowl of water. There were dozens of burnt spots like bruises on the ground of the jars. When I counted them all, the long, curly water of the creature, which was wet like the skin of an eel that remained inside, came into my eyes as a forest. The woman kept staring hard enough to think that it had become a burning fire, and to become a squint. At that time, I wondered what had happened to her field of vision, and when I wiped my resting hand with a front hang, I took off the tasuki and took it off like a vat ring and wiped it with my hand. I sluggishly. Immediately I went out to the living room and looked in the mirror. The mirror with the evening light was deeply struck, but somewhere it looked lonely like a blank sheet of paper.
The woman went out to the front door, took off her brown hat and stood up slenderly, at which time the man wandered out of his room into the front door, and when he saw the woman, he was surprised and changed his face. It was. Mysteriously, when it came time to go out, no matter what kind of busy work she was doing, she always went ahead and waited at the front door. It's easy for anyone to feel like going out after a meal, but even before a meal, a woman always stands like a silent water with a brown hat. Therefore, when the man saw the woman standing in this way now, behind the dark-colored sliding doors, he responded to his chest. Even though I was changing clothes so quietly, I wondered if I had already felt it, and when I gently glanced at it, the woman shouted.
"Welcome."
That said, I put out a brown hat. While watching the fingertips like broad beans line up on the edges of the soft hat, the man silently habitually hooks the clogs when he receives the hat, and the lattice is so strong that he is surprised. When I opened it, I slipped out of the square box-like entrance. When the woman looked up a little and saw off, she gently closed the shoji and sat down again in the long fire bowl.
Even though the damp darkness crawls into every corner of the evening light, the woman kept sitting and staring at the place for a long time. With only one hand hanging on the tatami mat, and one hand on the lap, the face, as if the eyebrows, nose, lips, and thin cheek flesh were concentrated at one time, aiming at the eyes gathered at a fierce point. The sharper the woman's eyes, the more stiff she looked. At that time, the woman was staring at the newspaper placed in front of her with all her heart, but when she thought that her expression had moved for a while, she continued to stare more and more intensely. The pale face became like a piece of cloth with a streak and was poured onto the newspaper, but soon when the woman gently pulled the newspaper, a red ant like a sesame grain appeared. , A faint, almost indistinguishable procession continued from the edge of the tatami mat to the threshold of the shoji screen. When the woman saw it, she wiped it off with a wet rag, and then sat down again and stared at the walls and shoji screens almost every night. Mysteriously, while the woman was staring at the wall and the shoji for a long time, the head became clear and always reflected something like a shadow on the shoji and the bottom of the wall. As long as it gradually became a habit and the man was away, there was another room behind the wall (although it was actually a quarrel with the neighbor), and there was a light. It was hung, and I could see it clearly until it gave off a white and white light. What is reflected as a feature of the room is that it has a brightness that is completely different from your own house, has a newness, and is decorated with hanging scrolls and live flowers in an orderly manner. Seemed to be. Most clearly visible was the figure of a man, the same smile he had shown to a woman long ago, the same cross-legged sword, and the same voice. .. When I talked about something with the same smile, I could see that I was interested in moving my body, and sometimes happily moving my body.
In contrast to the fact that the figure of a man moves so clearly, the woman is vague like a shadow, and no matter how much you look at it, it seems that it becomes smaller and smaller and farther away. I felt like it. However, the incomprehensible rather obscure face also had a bewitching smile that seemed to be trampled, and especially the dark and thick lips were like one | It bounced back like this, and it appeared as a violent fleshly newt [# "Mato" as an emphasis mark]. Looking at his lips, two frustrating shadows of a man with drunken, fluffy eyes trying to reach out and take a woman's hand or put his lips on his lips. When she completely controlled her eyes and nerves with the sound of slurping and rubbing in a mysterious room through the wall, it was as if she sat properly and was crazy. It was stiff like a stick. The pale skin completely covered the increasingly intense whiteness and abnormal mental tension, revealing a faint scent on one side. Especially now, it seems that the squint that looks like a crossbill is constantly pouring something like a white thread into the wall. The suspicious person on the other side of the wall moves like a magic lantern, and the smiling mouth where a woman and a man are about to form a lump or suddenly swim like a bright red squirrel. It was carved on all four sides. The man is eating around the woman just like starving, so that he has the energy and energy like a different person from the man when he was heading to the work table in the gloomy daytime. I was struck.
"As I think about him every night, I gradually sneak up on him. I've been watching him for a long time since he left every night. I don't know. I have to think about that person every day so that I can be dragged while looking at him. " I put a butt between my heels. When I thought that it had deflated like a loose white bubble, my eyes fluttered as if I had awakened from a nightmare. Under the tired eyes at that time, even a dark ring was caught, and a tight oil was floating on the forehead.
The woman sighed, saying, "Oh," as if she was afraid of something scary, but her shoulders seemed to tremble because she was out of breath. After a while, the woman went out on her own, but soon she had a lot of throat squeaks that seemed to be drinking fresh water. When the woman sat down, she couldn't help feeling something fluttering in front of her eyes. I rubbed my eyes with my hands, probably because of my eyes, but the moving ones kept moving and did not stop. When I suddenly noticed, I saw a wall clock hanging there. I didn't know what to do
"The clock was moving," said the woman with a faint smile. It was a very strange smile that I couldn't tell if I was laughing or not. Shortly after, when I looked at the clock once and smiled with a creepy voice, the woman was surprised at her own smile and looked around. At that time, the hands that passed thirty minutes after nine o'clock seemed to be swimming around like tadpoles [# "emphasis marks on" tadpoles "].
By the time ten o'clock, eleven o'clock, and the whistle of the last train did as usual, the woman was still sitting, neither sleeping nor awakening, swaying in a swaying basket. It was. Soon after, he felt something like water rising from his hips from that time, and his eyes became clear as if he had clearly put eye drops on it. For some reason, the late time of the night dragged the woman into the illusion that had struck the woman earlier. The woman stiffened as if she had been squeezed, and began to listen to her frequently. At that time, there was a rushing sound somewhere like a road. I felt that a distant sound like a mokugyo, which seems to come in a hurry, suddenly walked toward a dim street from a wide area with bright electric lamps, turning into a hook shape.
The woman was closing her eyes and listening only at that time. The strange clogs sounded a little clearer and climbed up a hill. The new houses on the lid side were also sleeping, and only the darkened figure of the man cast a darker shadow in the darkness. "The corner over there is a fruit shop, and next to it is a barber. Only the barber is throwing a bright lamp on the road on the street where he fell asleep. A dark shadow emerged there. The man is now there. Then I heard the rugged and heavy noise of Mizokawa, and when the man gently passed through it, I turned around a dark alley. The fifth house with lacquer-like darkness. However, when I sank, I heard a rattling noise when I thought, "The lattice doors are stuck in the light with a vague point." The woman was surprised and opened her eyes. There was a lattice door and a man came back.
The woman stood up and went to the front door.
"Welcome back."
The brown hat returned to the woman's hand, but it was immediately hung on the hat. The man whispered in a drunken, low-pitched voice.
"Did no one come? Also the mail."
"No. No one was able to see it."
The woman said so, and when she glanced at the man's face, there was nothing different from the previous man. A woman with lips like a newt looked behind a dark man, feeling like she was standing inside the front door. The lattice behind the eaves light was fitted in a cold and rough crosspiece.
"Well, I was lonely. I should sleep late."
The man looked at the woman's face while saying so, and from the time he went out in the evening, he could see that only the skin was worn again. I also noticed that my face was getting darker day by day.
"Let's take the floor."
The woman took the floor while saying so, and the man laid down his tired body. A really creepy woman. Everything is strange as he was watching. Thinking so, when I opened my eyes in detail, the woman touched the threshold and
"Good night."
I looked at the man's face seriously, but I stood quietly and went to my room. A strange woman. It doesn't make a noise like a cat. When he stares at him, he looks like he took a picture. The man was drowsy while thinking so.
The woman changed her kimono and moved her slender breasts into the mirror, and she also looked at her mysteriously slender body. A lonely rise in small breasts and pigeon breasts, and a slender throat stretched upwards. There was a pale neck of Rei on his throat. While she stares at the whiteness of the paper, which she gives off because she has a mellow body, while exposing her to the bright electric lamp of the night dandruff, for a long time.
Fufu …… and smiled. Also, this time, I looked at him with a serious and tense expression. When I thought about it, I had a lustrous look that seemed to be fascinated by me again, but I smiled again as if to suddenly tear them down. White teeth appeared. it was cold.
A small snoring [# "emphasis mark"] began to occur from the man's room. A woman with ears raised like a rabbit began to wake up and cry because of the melancholy cloudy eyebrows and eyes while she listened to it. Various sad and long sobbing crying continued at one time. It resembled a mysterious whistle-like voice, and somewhere resembled the sound of a dog snarling with his nose.
One day, the man seemed to be constantly searching for something, such as mixing back the scraps from his workplace and rattling the toolbox. The rain was a gloomy afternoon with a candy-filled air.
When the woman popped into the workplace, the man asked in a hurry.
"I can't see the chisel. The chisel ..."
I said while scratching the shavings.
"Yes, isn't it in the box?" She looked into the toolbox, but it wasn't there either.
"No, it's not in the box. It's mysterious. It's really mysterious. I'm actually using it now."
The man said so and looked vaguely at the woman. At that time, the woman sharply closed her eyes and stared at the shelves, finishes, and timber. At that time, mysteriously, the woman's eyes gradually began to become squint. The usual squint squint crawls around the shavings as if burning.
The man casually looked at the woman's eyes and was immediately surprised. It was because he had a too drama-like gaze and a suspicious light like a crazy person. At that time, the woman stood up and pointed to the bales filled with shavings.
"Isn't there a crawl in there? I think so ..."
"In the bales."
"Yes."
"No way-I wondered if I couldn't get something stiff ..."
The man thought about it for a while, and after a while, he was surprised and immediately approached the bale.
"Oh, I'm sure I packed it with wood chips."
That said, the man grabbed the shavings. Then, I found that a chisel with a white blade was mixed with wood chips.
"It was a dangerous place. Even so, I wasn't hurt."
When the man inspected the blade with his palm, he thought that he gradually said that the woman was in the bale, and looked at the woman with a sharp change of face. However, although the woman was calm, she became like a pale, crumpled paper that seemed to be worn, and even smiled lightly and gently. When he saw the calm, the man felt his armpits chilling.
"But how did you know that the chisel was in the bale?"
The woman smiled when she said this.
"But I can't think of it outside of that."
"That's right ..."
The man silently stared at the woman creepily. At that time, the man felt like he saw something different from the usual woman. I didn't know what it was, but I thought that the woman had something in her body that the man didn't have. Even as if something special electricity or phosphorus was included in the body, I felt something strange and hard to say.
After the woman gently went to the next room, the man thought about various things. The fact that a woman is constantly sinking and thinking about something persistently and indulging in something, and that she is sitting without doing anything at all without getting bored with mystery, now gradually changes the mind of a man. I sank it.
The sun went down. The man quickly wiped off his work clothes while the woman was out in the yard, and he caught him. And when he hurried out to the front door, the man was surprised and jumped up a shaku. What time did you get there? * [# "Snoring + Snoring", Level 4 2-94-73] << Ka >> With a brown hat like the skin of a mouse, It was because the woman was standing on her snoring.
"You seemed to be out in the garden now, or were you at home?"
The man took off his hat and looked at the woman's head saying this.
"But it was like going out ..."
When the woman answered, she gently opened the shoji at the entrance and
"Welcome."
I said with my hand. A fingerless circular hand was placed on the tatami mat.
"Um ..."
The man caught a pair of clogs and went out. In the hollow where the evening light was still floating, bats were sewn darkness and sewn low on the ground.
"It seems that the woman has a different feeling. She is always thinking and trying to find something." The man thought so and stopped at the bridge of Mizokawa all the time. It was. I watched the bubbles pop up from the ditch and tore like a fish's gut, but the man did not cross the bridge at that time and went back to his house.
At home, after the man left, the woman sat down again and seemed to be thinking about something, but suddenly she raised her face as if she was pulled back with her neck. It was. It was pure white. The ears stood up in a whirlpool that did not overlap the circle.
"Hatena."
When the woman muttered in a small voice, outside the man was just sneaking up like a flat spider on a damp board door. Although it was a star, the complete darkness had dyed it all over, and some were crawl on the ground in a sloppy darkness.
"Then ... he must have returned from around the bridge and be at the selfish Itado."
When the woman muttered with her heart, she came up with the idea that the figure of a man who was sneaking in a dark darkness was flat and black spots on a selfish board door using a horizontal board. And when I shook, I trembled like a dragonfly. While I was staring at it, a shadow like a big black flounder [# "inspiration" and an emphasis mark] couldn't be transferred to one shoji, and it was transferred to the other while extending the shadow. I felt that the shoji paper was rubbed and squeaked strangely.
The clock was more than 20 minutes in the meantime. It was soon past thirty minutes. At night, the darkness seemed to gradually ripen in the damp soil after a light rain, the sound of insects, and the sunk quietness that was unlikely to cause anything. -The woman was swallowing her breath because of the intense tension, but it became a painful tone like gasping again, and while trying to breathe air with a sword, she seemed to be squeezed and free. Did not become. My legs, hands, and face were tense as if I had a tight fit [# "emphasis mark"]. In particular, my chest became stiff like a board, and I felt like I had lost the power to move my body.
The figure was still stuck to Itado, and it was reflected in two shoji screens, making the woman's eyes look even darker. The woman's kao was dry like glue, but it was just a piece of paper with a dead whiteness. Breathing seemed more and more painful. Rei's strabismus was more than an hour after the first ten minutes.
At that time, the shadow of the shoji slipped away as if the shadow of the shoji had slipped off the board door. When the woman's squint was inspired by the Z shape,
"One step" Hitoshi ", two steps" Futaashi ", three steps" Miashi "..."
The woman began to count with a loud heartbeat and a breath of breath. There was no sound in the soft soil, but when the woman counted up to five steps, the shoji's shadow disappeared completely, and suddenly the grid at the entrance made a rattling noise and a man came in. However, just two seconds before the sound of the grid, the woman was cut off from the world of horrific and amazing tension and gaze, fainted as if she had broken in two from her hips, and sank forward. It was "pu". I was disappointed as if I had broken my bones--
Soon the woman went to bed. His eyes were always focused on walls, shoji screens, and dizzy corners, rather than facing the rays of light. She ate like dried sardines, eating a little porridge and pale milk, and occasionally fruits. However, his eyes were strangely large, and the light was sharper and brighter than before it did not touch the floor.
In addition to looking at his fingerprints and stroking his slender arms in a timid manner, he was finally wandering between a little lethargy and awakening. With that in mind, she was always counting the same numbers almost constantly.
"one two three four five……."
It was repeated for no reason. The doctor said he had brain fag syndrome and warned the man that he was suffering from depression, which was almost like a mentally ill person.
The man went to the woman's room during the work,
"Is there anything you want?"
I asked a lot, but the woman shook her head and
"No. I don't want anything."
I closed my eyes just by answering that. When he saw his pale, skinny forehead and neckline, he was distorted by the strangeness of the woman when she fainted one night, and immediately evoked a deadly softened body. That's because the hands and neck were separated from each other. When I raised my neck, my arms that hung down from the base of my shoulders and my wrists that turned down rubbed on the tatami mats, making a snarling sound like crawling even with a crawling insect. there were.
"Please tell me how I was sleeping now."
When the woman said and opened her eyes lightly, the man seemed to gradually understand why the woman fainted so creepy.
"For the down-like this."
When the man bent his hips and showed himself prone, the woman looked happy,
"Oh dear……."
I glanced at the man's Kao and smiled. It seemed to be intentional to the man again, and he shut up silently.
The man returned to the workplace and started carving steadily. In the meantime, he gently opened the shoji and was wondering how the sick person in the next room was sleeping, so he crawls on all fours and sneaks up to the next shoji door. It was.
When the man looked through the gap in the shoji, the woman who got up turned deep blue and said in a voice that he was waiting for him to quickly sense that the man had sneaked.
"I have something to do."
The voice was calm. The man was surprised and cold, shrinking his body and silently not answering it.
"Even if you do that, you'll understand."
When told, the man rushed to open the shoji. The woman smiled. Wrinkles that looked like a turtle that I wanted to squeeze approached my forehead.
"Why can you see me. Creepy--."
When the man stood on a stick and stared at the open chest of a naive woman,
"You're creepy, crawl on all fours and sneak up."
When the woman answered, the man became cold again and suddenly couldn't speak. Just as if I were looking at something strange, I looked at this strange woman. Now she was just feeling and stretched to the point of being alive. It was because he was lying down, slender and slender, which could crawl out slowly, and was clear with a clear paleness.
"How do you really know that I've been sneaking in?"
The woman smiled and smiled,
"Why ... I can't help but see it."
The man turned blue, and while still standing, he swept the woman's ears. It was shaped like a thin white fungus, sometimes quivering. "What a weird and suspicious thing about the movement of the human ear, I knew for the first time today that the ear was moving. It was moving even when I didn't know it before. The man asked, thinking so.
"Are you thinking with your eyes closed? Or are you thinking with your eyes open?"
The man said something strange about his question with his heart,
"Neither ..."
"Isn't it either ..."
The man answered so and tried to turn back silently. The woman then tried to put her body in the floor again. The chills on his flanks shook regularly and appeared rather rough, and the man felt the chills as if he had patted his lumpy bones with his hands.
"Please close it."
The woman slipped her white neck out of the futon. The man closed the shoji horribly for no reason. I couldn't leave my eyes until after I closed it.


Even though the man went out, the pale face of the woman immediately came out and he was restless. Even if you are on the train, if you see the woman's girlfriend who is on the train, the woman's girlfriend who is at home will be faint. I can see a dark room. I couldn't see the side where I was thinking about something seriously, as if I was facing the wall and the shoji on purpose. I'm sure he would go out again, thinking about the directions and towns, and said, "Now I must have turned around that town corner, went out to a messy street, and got on the train as if I had thrown a stone. When the man always thought about the imagination of a woman, she seemed to be sitting right next to her, and looked around.
When the man got off the train, he went into the quiet house he always went to. It was a room with a glossy sled, an elbow rest, and a slender cigarette basin somewhere in the back of the city. I could see the rosewood that I wanted to fill, and the long, well-polished corridor that I could see from the shadow of the sliding doors.
"You haven't been here for a while. Let's call."
When the maid said so, the man sounded tired,
"Oh, then hurry up and bring some sake."
When the man ordered this, the maid left immediately, and as usual, she was vaguely placed in a spacious tatami room. The heavy, cloudy air without rain quietly shook my wife. Soon the telephone bell rang. It seems that she is hanging on a woman.
While smoking, the man remembered what the woman said when he left the house unprecedentedly, "Welcome back soon." When I tried to go out for the first time in a long time after getting sick, the woman leaned out Rei's pale neck from the floor and said so. Glittering scaly eyes and a thin, pointed nose came into my eyes again.
"Don't be strangely worried."
The man quit smoking, and after a boring 56 minutes, a woman in a flashy dress that quietly woke up knelt down. The man immediately turned bright.
"It's been a long time, isn't it?" It seems that he came in a hurry, and only the ground where the funny brush did not reach well gave out a brownish face, and that was the only place that was strangely bald and slippery.
"You're strangely silent. Somehow--."
"No, I'm not thinking about anything. It's a heavy and unpleasant day."
"There were a lot of weird things today. The clock at the hot spring shop was stopped, ours stopped at 3 o'clock, and it's strange to the main story. I also stopped. . "
When the man heard this, mechanically
"Hmm--." I searched between the belts and took out the clock that had begun to wander and looked at it. The woman was relieved to be bright because she was making a small noise.
"Well, I'm happy. I was wondering what to do if you stopped. I'm strangely nervous and a kid."
When the man looked at the space between the columns, there was a small sliding door opened there, and he had no choice but to feel as if he had glimpsed something like a shadow. It's not clear who he is, but I felt weird and looked around. I saw a sea cucumber-colored wall, a shoji screen, and a small incense burner between the floors.
"It's weird. You ... just broke the waist of the story and can't settle down."
The woman chased the eyes of the man who looked around and said,
"That's right. Somehow I'm uncomfortable. It's also strangely quiet."
A man said that, a woman soon
"Every customer is thinking and sinking into it. There's something I'm always looking for in my heart. What are you thinking?"
"Something with a house is thinking about the house." The man saw a long lying down, a shoji screen and a pale face facing the wall, and maybe tonight. Isn't it getting worse? If it dies, it won't die, but if it gets worse ... when you think about it, the woman smiles and
"If you have Okusan, you probably think of Okusan."
I said with a serious voice.
"yeah, I guess so."
The man didn't drink at all. The man tried to open the censer lid between the floors, and the woman immediately caught her sleeve.
"Don't do it. You can't see that kind of thing again."
The man had a habit of looking at the censer lid when he was uncomfortable. On the back of the lid, there is a red picture of a beautiful man and a woman hugging each other warmly, and while the man is looking at it, he says that he has a different body. It was always the energy that came out. Whenever I was depressed, I exposed Hitomi for a long time to the wet, moist fish of the two white swords.
"It's annoying. Is it okay to see it?"
The man picked up the lid and looked at it seriously. It's good because when you look at this, you can forget about the crap. When he lays it down or watermarks it,
"It's funny. Look so much, hahaha."
The woman smiled and tried to pull. Then, the red-bellied lips, such as the clearly drawn Japanese fire belly newt [# "Imori" with an emphasis mark], came to the man's eyes. The man tries to take a sloppy hand. At that time, I was struck tightly. I'm a woman who doesn't always do that.
"Idiot. What are you doing?" The man said, rubbing his struck hand.
"You don't have to do anything. It looks like someone hit you."
"It looks like someone hit it ..."
"I'm not. You'll have a cigarette in your hand, so you can't hit it. It's funny. Hahaha."
When the man looked at the woman's left hand, a cigarette with the same length and whiteness was sandwiched between her fingers and smoked quietly.
"Spit a lie." The man said, and with an incomprehensible rage, he raised his hand and tried to beat the woman. A wobbled, frustrated tantrum made a line on the forehead.
"Ha ha ha ha."
When the woman was unfaithful and laughed in a high voice, the man stuck tightly. The woman, who turned blue as if she had washed it quickly, was surprised and didn't say anything like that for a while. However, he started laughing strangely again. When she got drunk, the woman who had such a habit just laughed.
"Oh ..." I hear that. I don't like it. The man was disappointed and heard the sound of his neck rubbing against the tatami mats from the floor. It's a pity if something happens. It's dangerous tonight. When the man figured out that he should have stayed at home, the drunkenness shook his feet. I have never complained. I sneaked away from my house, thinking I couldn't finish it.
"What's wrong? It's painful."
"Give me a huge amount. Bring me more sake. Hot."
The man was alone for a while after the woman went down the ladder step. When I was alone, the shoji was so white and vivid that I made a suspicious expectation that something would be reflected. It doesn't matter whether it's a wall or a meaninglessly large tatami room. When the man picked up the bag of Shikishima, he heard a sound like a deciduous leaf, so he looked at it mysteriously.
"And isn't there something that has changed like this? Or is it sleeping facing the wall like every hour? Why is it just facing the wall and sleeping? I wonder if he has a habit. When did he become such a strange woman ... "
At that time, the woman who went downstairs heard the footsteps walking quietly in the long corridor. And when I entered the room,
He changed his face by saying, "Well scary." He is frowning as if he was scared.
"Why are you scared?"
"I was really scared, but I'm just turning my eyes on it, but what's wrong with you today?"
"Is it different from usual?"
"It's really weird. What are you holding in your hand?"
"What ... what ..."
When I noticed, the man was still holding the censer lid firmly. I was holding it for so long that my hand was almost numb.
"I don't like it. I'm still holding something like that."
The woman said and tried to take it again, but the man did not let go.
"I completely forgot. Is it something I can give away?"
The man said so and held it stubbornly. While scribbling a picture of a two-story creature that seems to crawl out, with a soft and itchy feeling.
"Then, please bring it with you forever. Haha."
The woman had no choice but to say this and served sake again. The man was thinking of asking the woman one day to see it, and asked about the wound on his throat that he couldn't say. It was a creepy wound about half the length of a chestnut. It was also a scratch that could be added by adding various imaginations.
"It's nothing. There's something left after the boil is cut."
The woman said, she patted the wound with her index finger. The soft, raw white, zezekan pocchiri [# "rokuro" has an emphasis mark], and the scars on its throat whistle made a man's abominable delusion. there were.
"Is it possible? I wondered if I had lost my mind again."
"If so, I'm sick, but ..."
The man said silently. "There was something. There was something I noticed. That wound wasn't just a wound. It wasn't just a wound," the man thought. The woman also shut up. The man soon thought of the raw white neckline of the woman at home, the white onion-like neckline that seemed to be twisted. I hope nothing really happens, but the man painfully says it in his heart, "Nothing should happen. Oh, I'm facing the wall and sleeping comfortably. There is no difference. " I was relieved to eat the cup.
"What could happen? It's cheaper than you think. Nothing should happen to the main story ... but it's also staring at the hourly wall. So, if I was sitting here and thinking about talking to this woman, and if I was trying to think about it, she would be glancing at the example. Isn't it the worst, the thinnest, and extremely hysterical? "
The man remembers the chisel and who was "watermelon" from the room next to the front door, "or surprisingly, I don't even know that he is thinking about the truth here. I'm totally here. "The man was surprised when he thought. The butts crumbled white and rough on top of the chubby.
"I want you to go home tonight. I'm talking to you from somewhere else ..."
The woman terrifiedly watched the man's eyes shine strangely, and screamed and read with a keen eye whether or not the man would consent.
"Would you like to go home? Hmm. I hope you have a lips. I won't stop."
On the contrary, the man's anger sank and he became a forested head.
"Don't feel bad."
The woman deliberately looked into the man's head, and when she saw a momentary smile like a cat, she immediately left the tatami room. The rushing sound disappeared from the long corridor. "I'm alone again. I don't have to be that woman anymore. Hmm."
When I paid the money, I quietly started walking around the edge of the pond.
"Let's go home anyway. I believe that nothing has happened. I'm sure." The man relentlessly said in his lips, the blue light of the gas lamp. While bathing in the water, when I had only two legs, I hit him with somehow.
Because I was drunk, my eyes were a little dazzling. When I looked at the foot, straw scraps were all over the place. It was squeaking with a dry, unpleasant odor.


When the man got on the train, the woman became like a pale frog, leaning out half of her body from the floor, and exhaling a rough shoulder that had just been forgiven from the world of extreme fatigue and staring. Mysteriously, the woman perceived the man's every act with almost accurate imagination, rather than looking at it completely. Even if a woman is herself, the world of staring at these things is what she imagines, is a hallucination, or wanders around a kind of clairvoyant fantasy world. I couldn't make the distinction between them. Whenever he sees the man in the city and finds an unmistakable color in the city's chaos, he clearly walks and moves, or crawls into the woman's house. I was accustomed to portraying every detail of the movements in the room, without omission, in the life, movements, and words of a normal man.
At that time, the woman accurately felt the isolation from herself as to where the man was walking now, and the isolation that was gradually approaching, as if looking at something almost transparent. One step at a time, the darkened appearance of various shops, passers-by, lamps, fair merchants, etc. is carried by the houses in the town gradually becoming far behind. It was projected on the shop. The man she saw was very tired, and with a very frustrated expression, she continued her annoying steps as if she was thinking about something. When she was able to confirm with it that she was clearly involved in herself, and that his consciousness was not working other than herself, she glanced at the hidden smile she was able to do. It was.
When the man crossed the Dobashi, the sound of a slap on the barrel was heard in the woman's ear, and the woman chewed the blanket and slept comfortably. As soon as I came up from the dirt floor, I opened the shoji. And
"Isn't there any change? I know if I'm sleeping." He said the ending like a single word and saw the woman's blue face. The woman who opened her eyes lightly, with a dull voice,
"Welcome back. Thank you very much for the evening."
The woman said this much and saw a smile that seemed to be closer than usual. "Nothing happened. I was wondering if something very ominous might have happened." The man looked relieved.
"Um. It's been a little troublesome and it's late. It's the best Shioume" Anbai "without any change."
When she calmed down seriously and said this, the woman smiled and immediately returned to her original serious face. It's a strange guy. It's time for that kind of smile to come around these days. At that time, I feel like I was always told something. When the man silently tries to return to his room, the woman
"That ... a little ..."
He said, "Domo", and stared at the man's left 袂 "Tamoto". The man mechanically touched the left skirt and noticed something like hard pottery in it. "Even if I'm drunk, I can't put in something like that. I can't go home. But ... at the same time, there can't be anything outside crawling in." Suddenly, almost suddenly I came up with a censer lid. I thought it was something like that, but my face soon turned hot and blushed like fire.
"Please show me."
When the woman said this and smiled as if she was stretched out, the man mechanically took out the incense lid from the censer. When I put it out, the man had no shame or care, and had a plain, rather disgusting face.
"I can't help seeing it. It's crap."
When I said so, the woman suddenly dragged her long snake-like white hand out because it was between the futons, as if crawling wet. And when he picked up the lid of the incense, he suddenly screamed like a high monkey, which was almost strange. I trembled with a morbid trap, wondering what would happen soon. At the next moment, I started laughing like it collapsed,
"Oh, it's funny. Oh, it's funny."
And started rolling all over the place. It was thin like a white potato, but it was crawling like a madman.
"fool."
The man yelled like this, because he was rolling, but he stopped exactly as if he had reached the bottom of the slope. At the same time, this time, he began to gently squeeze his face. His face was deep blue, moistened with sweat and heat. There was also a place where the noodles seemed to boil. As if the eyes, eyebrows, and nose were in a fight with their breathing aligned, they were rubbed by each different shape, light, and anger, and they were slammed at the man's head with a tremendous speed. there were.
When I thought so, I screamed in a tone like an incomprehensible humor, and made a squeaky sound like grabbing it all over the place. The man's palpitation arose with extreme anxiety and violent slamming.
"Maybe I'm sick. That eye isn't just a thing. Maybe it's the moment after I've gone crazy." Thinking so,
"I wish I could calm down. What's that sloppy look ... calm down ... I'm not moving."
In a hurry to soothe and say low, the woman quickly returned to the tranquility of her eyes and nose dying at one time, but again, she suddenly smashed her clear and quiet expression, and her eyes smashed. I settled in front of the man, spitting a fiery flame. "Please tell me once. What is it. But what is this? What is it. Oh, what is this."
I picked up the censer lid and started to bite into it at any moment. As he watched it, a mysterious horror and a supernatural threat struck his head, and his chest rang and even a slight dazzle began.
"What the hell is this?"
I screamed anew and got up, and suddenly slammed the incense lid on the wall, wondering if I had set the white neck on it. The old pottery showed white skin and shattered into fine dust.
"I did it ...."
When the man shouted back, the woman shouted again with more excitement than the excitement, but soon she burst into laughter and laughed.
"Oh, it's funny. It's funny."
That said, it started rolling again. However, at that time, the way it rolled was weak and weak, and I thought that it would soon stop like a rest in the wheel of the car.
"Oh……."
I made a blunt voice like yawning, and fell flat and flat. His pale face smashed into the old tatami mats, and his eyes were wide open and he couldn't move.



Bottom book: "Bungo Kaidan Masterpiece Selection Murou Saisei Collection Doji" Chikuma Bunko, Chikuma Shobo
First print issued on September 10, 2008
Parent of the bottom book: "Muro Saisei Complete Works Volume 2" Shinchosha
April 15, 1965 (Showa 40)
First appearance: "Chuokoron-Shin"
September 1920 (Taisho 9) issue
Input: Hiroshi Kadota
Proofreading: Kazuhiko Okamura
Created April 10, 2014
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
