Killed Tenichibo
Hamao Shiro

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Execution <<

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Everyone |

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Numbers are JIS X 0213 area area number, or original page and number of lines)
(Example) Half * [# "Sun + Mukai", 3rd level 1-85-25] << Hantoki >>
-------------------------------------------------- -----

One

Tenichibo, who made a lot of noise to that extent, was finally executed and was struck by the prison gate. Even if that man's body died, the infamy will be passed down forever and forever. There is no doubt that such a terrifying name, such as a big villain who tried to deceive the world and tried to deceive the world, will surely be attached to that man for a long time.
The reason why a flirty person like me took a brush that didn't turn around was because I thought about it. To be clear from me, that man is the stupid young man in the world. However, he was not a great villain.
The human being born of such a mysterious fate should have lived quietly in a corner of this thankful reign.
Tenichibo didn't know the real horror of this world. The man didn't know how terrifying the consequences of telling the truth of the truth, or more difficultly, of what he believed to be the truth, would be terrifying in the world. That's why that man is a fool. He is a rare idiot in the world.
Besides, it was a place where the man couldn't think that he clearly wanted what he wanted right. The world cannot be ruled only by law. No, I didn't know that sometimes even the law lied.
That man was a pitiful, stupid, but beautiful young man.
However, if the magistrate was not that magistrate, the fate of Tenichibo might have followed another path. It must have been an irreparable sad thing that the man had to be judged by the magistrate.
I do not say bad things about the magistrate just because I said this. As a magistrate, the magistrate has made an indescribable amount of trouble. I have known the magistrate for a long time, and I said that it was at the time of the judgment of Tenichibo that the magistrate really tried to grasp the important part of his role. I even want to believe. Thank you for your hard work, but there is no way you can think badly about the magistrate.
When the magistrate was investigating Tenichibo, I knew for the first time how important the role of magistrate was. At the same time, I knew that I had to do any sad thing for the role of magistrate.
How thin the magistrate was for that one case. Everyone | This is for the sake of the world. Thank you for thinking about it now.
The person who claims to be a magistrate is a wise, decisive person who is very strong in believing in himself. This wisdom and grace has not changed at all from the time I knew the magistrate to the present.
However, due to the various incidents that you meet in the role of magistrate, the way you think about it seems to have changed considerably.

Two

When I first became aware of the magistrate, as I said, he was truly clever and intelligent, and he was very strong in believing in himself.
The judgments of the magistrates at that time were all really crisp and heart-throbbing. Then, the name of the magistrate went up like Asahi day by day, and along with that, he was promoted steadily.
"There is no mistake in what I do. Everything I do is right."
Because such feelings were always working, I think that such a gorgeous judgment was made.
As you all know, everyone was impressed with the judgment that the magistrate became an adult when two mothers fought for one child. It was a thing.
"It's only if you're a true mother that you let go when your child cries. It's not the true mother who drags you anyway.
Such a statement 《Ossha》 was the godliness of that figure when I stood up on the throne, and I was really thankful for tears. Many people were impressed with it. However, at that time, I felt sorry for the woman who was defeated and was told to be a fake, when she saw her standing while being cursed by a large number of people.
As you may know, when a large pawn shop on the Nihonbashi side built a large warehouse on his own ground to prevent the small house next door from being exposed to the sun at all, when he appealed from the neighbor's house. That famous and fine judgment was also back then.
When Kanda Otama immediately found a man who stole fifty Kaneko "Kins" from the rice bran miso tub of Hachirobei's house in the pond, etc. It has become very popular in Edo.
Excuse me, but for the magistrate, I think he was the happiest at that time. Of course, since then, the magistrates have been playing more and more, and their names have become higher day by day, but in my opinion, those days are the most happy for the magistrates. It was an era. Because, as I said earlier, the magistrate will play the judgment gracefully without any trouble, and will think about the judgment he has made later. It seems that he was happy to come.
The people of Edo whisper every day the famous trials that are held almost every day. There is no reason why the magistrate's ears do not need that reputation. If so, there is no doubt that he didn't feel bad about being a magistrate. I remember the bright and funny face of the magistrate at that time.
However, such an era has moved to the next era before I knew it. I am not talking about the fame of the magistrate. As I mentioned earlier, fame has been rising more and more like Asahi.

Three

It was one spring evening when I first found a dark shadow on the bright face of the magistrate. When I returned to the mansion after my role was completed, I was happy to have an unprecedentedly dark face. I knew that I was tired of having too many public affairs "lottery", but I didn't sleep until late that night, so I thought about something by myself and played. ..
The next day, I came out in the same way, but when I got home, I didn't feel good.
That night I received a strange story from a certain person.
It seems that a woman threw herself into a river near Fukagawa a few days ago and the corpse of water flowed under a bridge somewhere.
When the people of the role 《Yakumuki》 investigated, there was something wrapped tightly so that it would not get wet in the pocket, and when I took it out, it was the woman's suicide note. It seems that the following feelings were written in the suicide note.
[# Indent two characters from here]
"I'm Saki Hashimoto, a poor woman who doesn't care about anyone. Last spring, in front of the magistrate to regain her beloved and dear child who hurt her stomach. At that time, I pulled my child forcibly and won, so I was accused of being a liar, a man and a magistrate, and returned without words to return. Yes. I'm not saying why I didn't have my child until that time, as I said in that section, so I'm not going to reiterate now. I just say why I was prepared to die. The official affair at that time was my defeat, despite my true mother. I don't complain about it. I just want to say something after that. I must have just not been able to get my child back. The magistrate must have thought so. But the world is really scary. I am At the same time as I lost the hope of regaining my child, I had to become an unspeakable person from all over Edo. I couldn't believe that I was the mother of that child after losing the official affair. I was struck by the fact that I was a big liar who cheated on the government. The relatives who had been on my side until now refused to interact with each other. The landlord drives me out. I have to be the only one in the world and wander around with the infamy on my back. No one can use it wherever I go. No more people can give me a job. I felt like an embarrassing beggar and walked around Edo like a stray dog for a year. At that time, in Shirasu, the voice of the magistrate who said, "Fake, deceive" echoes from the mouths of people all over Edo. I'm like a stray dog. I can't even live like that. I'll be driven away from the edge of the eaves over the rain. How can I live? I'll die. I'll die and escape from this suffering. Before I die, I would like to say, "I am not a deception, I am a true mother. It is a magistrate who is said to be a deception." I will not complain about that, but I would like to express a grudge to the magistrate. What did the magistrate say at that time? In the middle child There is no way to attach an external judgment rather than pulling. I'll give the child to the one who successfully wins. " I believed in that one word. There should be no lies in the government. I let go of this kid here, but at the end, this kid never comes back to my hands. Believing in this way, I thought I had to pull the child even if I bit the stone. When she started crying because she couldn't bear the pain, I wanted to cry as well. But what is the temporary pain, if I let go, that child will not come to my forgiveness in the future. The magistrate does not know how much the words he ordered made one mother decide. I'm not the one who lied. This is a magistrate. It is the law of the world. "
[# End of indentation here]
It would have been something like the one on the right. For the first time, I thought I knew the reason why the magistrate's complexion was extraordinary.
However, it wasn't until this time that the magistrate became gloomy and started playing. It is from the winter of that year. As you all know, a villain named Kansaku Murai has been executed. That sinner named Murai was a person who had done a lot of wrongdoing, but while the magistrate himself was investigating, he confessed his sin that he did not fly.
How many years did that happen? There was a time when the house was killed in Yotsuya. After a lot of research on the government, I decided to say that it was the result of a color love, and I once searched for a man who seemed to have been in the middle of his life. Everyone was very sorry for the magistrate's Akechi at that time. At that time, several suspected men (although Kansaku Murai was among them) were called to Shirasu, while the magistrate was killed and stayed at home for a long time. I gave a person a cat that had been kept and came out. Well, when a person releases the cat, the cat then comes to a person named Hikobei Tobacco and immediately rests on his lap. The cat that was kept in the widow's house remembered only the man who went in and out of Hirao, and pointed to the sinner innocently.
The magistrate, who had been watching him, immediately captured Hikobei and accused him of various things, but Hikobei had entered the house of his later family even one step. I say no, and I will not confess. He said that he likes creatures from Hirao and that Hikobei also has a cat, and he didn't know that the cat he was playing with came a little lately, and he often ate food and loved it. I made a request like this, so
"Then bring that cat here."
Said the magistrate. Then, Hikobei replied that the cat had disappeared from about ten days ago. This man is single and no one claims that Hikobei had a cat. Among them, I was blamed for various things and could not wrap it up, and finally I confessed the whole story of the widow killing. As you all know, Hikobei was immediately executed, needless to say.
However, the sinner named Kansaku Murai, who I mentioned earlier, suddenly confessed to the widow of Yotsuya in front of the magistrate. At first, the magistrate didn't even pick it up, and he said, "I'll tell you what I did." It matches the situation at that time. And since I hated Hirao cats, even when I went to the widow's place, when I found a cat there, I suddenly kicked or hit it, so every time I saw Murai's face, I was afraid. I told him that he was running around. I don't know if I didn't like cats, but I didn't know if I was afraid that I could see the secret "Miso Kagoto" in the outside eyes, even if it was a temporary cat. Thank you. When I listened to anything, the magistrate's complexion looked like earth, and I received from the person in charge. It seems that the magistrate just stood up on the spot after being told that he was a "reasoner."
It was from that day that the bright face of the magistrate became dark and gloomy. Even if I come home that day, I won't say a word. It seems that he didn't even get on the 褥 "Shitone" that night. The next day, I was told that it was a labor to the government, and finally I came to the mansion. In that way, even in the house, it is completely closed in one room, and it is as if nothing is said.
From my own Asahi, I only thought that the magistrate was staying in a room for the tobacco shop Hikobei. However, from now on, it wasn't just such a small thing.
It seems that I and others have something to say, but the magistrate has begun to doubt his own wisdom. I have begun to doubt your own judgment. In a nutshell, I lost my confidence.
Until now, I had always thought that my thoughts were correct and my ingenuity always worked correctly, but this time the foundation was swaying.
Thus, the magistrate came to live gloomy every day. I would like to say that I have gone too far, but I can no longer see the judgment of that old wisdom in the judgment from that time. It seems that you made the judgment step by step, step by step.
I knew that I would come forever in such a situation. On the other hand, the world doesn't know anything about the magistrate's heart (although it's possible that he doesn't know it), and he touts the magistrate, and the fame of the magistrate is increasing more and more. I'm sorry.

Four

However, such a dark and gloomy complexion suddenly began to shine brightly again from a certain time. I don't remember when it was, and I don't remember exactly what it was, but I know it was after talking to a close friend in the spring of the next year. I'm here. It seems that the name of a woman named Saki Hashimoto and a man named Hikobei Tobacco, which I mentioned earlier, came out in the story at that time. I repeated the name of, but suddenly I became a bright complexion and played, and suddenly I called someone on my side and suddenly "Does the world say that I am a magistrate?" I was asked. When the person on the side said that, he said with a radiant complexion, "Do you know if you are a villain because you are a villain, or if you are a villain because you are a villain?"
And from that day onward, the magistrate was bright again as before, and he was in a good mood and played. However, after all, I couldn't see the brightness and brilliance that I had before. Then, Yahari sometimes made a dark face.
Why did you play with it again?
As I think about it now, the magistrate became suspicious of his own judgment, lost confidence and played, and then, for a long time, in suffering and worries. There is no doubt that you got lost. He is the one who believed and relied on us by that time, and this was betrayed by an unexpected fact. If he followed that, the magistrate must have retired from his role and played. I wonder why the magistrate did not retire from his role and began to work brilliantly and vigorously again.
I would like to think of this as my existence as a shallow grave. The magistrate lost confidence in his wisdom, which he had been playing with great trust for a while. However, I was able to clearly grasp something that should be replaced. That is what we call power. However, that is not the power of the magistrate's role. I have come to know clearly the one power that the magistrate's judgment gives to the people in the world, the one faith that the magistrate's blind faith gives.
The case that bothered the magistrate, for some reason, seems to betray the wisdom of the magistrate on one side, but on the one hand, the power of the magistrate is always clear. Isn't it shown?
Why did Saki Hashimoto have to die? This is because the magistrate has defeated him. This is because the magistrate said a word, "I'm a liar." It doesn't matter if "Saki" was a true mother. The people of the world believe that "Saki" is a lie mother because the magistrate has defeated him. Isn't it Mr. Left even if you choose Tobacco shop Hikobei? Many people think that Hikobei is both a villain and a sinner because he was executed because he was a sinner.
It is not something that can be done by ordinary magistrates. It is only if you become that magistrate. This is because the people of the world respect him like a god and call him a magistrate and a trial.
It's scary to think about it, but fortunately or unfortunately, various facts will not appear later even if we make a lot of incidents outside of "Saki Hashimoto" and "Hikobei Tobacco". But who can say that it was all the facts that the people of the world believed in?
After all, unless it is a god, as long as a person judges a person, no matter how much the magistrate is, I cannot say that there is no mistake. Isn't it better for the world to clearly inform the gratitude of the law of the world than to relentlessly search for things that cannot be done?
The belief in the world for the magistrate is that it becomes a fine tool for the reign.
Rather than trying to find out even one fact and move that faith now, I think you played with the idea of strengthening that faith and governing the world with it. I am confident that the magistrate, who has passed through the long and long darkness, has finally come to light.
In other words, instead of losing confidence in wisdom, the magistrate has clearly gained confidence in his own strength. Perhaps because of this, the magistrate who just laughed and listened to his fame being whispered at first, but after that he was very serious about his reputation. It is possible to exist as such.
By the way, the magistrate who found the place of peace in this way soon had to worry again. There was a case that could not be done with the wisdom or power of the magistrate. Needless to say, this is a case of Tenichibo.

Five

I would like to say something new about what kind of man Tenichibo was and what he offered. I know you all know it well.
I would like to say the state of the magistrate at that time.
I think that the magistrate heard the name Tenichibo when he was above Edo Omote without visiting Edo Omote.
There were many rumors that Tenichibo, a illegitimate child of Kubo-sama, would come to Edo Omote with several main people.
When I heard this notification, the magistrate had an unprecedentedly dark face, and after that, I remember that he frequently went back and forth with great people. Izumori-sama's residence often had a secret talk about going in and out, but it must have been the story of Tenichibo.
When Tenichibo finally came to Edo, the magistrate also played face-to-face with people outside Izumori. At that time, I would like to say that Mr. Izu Mamoru himself investigated it, but the magistrate also saw Tenichibo for the first time at this time.
I can now clearly think of the state of the magistrate that night. The magistrate who met Tenichibo with Mamoru Izu, Mamoru Sanuki, and Mamoru Yamashiro returned home with a blue face that night. I have never seen a terrifying and harsh situation at that time. It is by no means the dark face that I have had from time to time. However, it is not the situation when you came with your heart. It seemed like I was playing with some extraordinary decision.
This is the first time since I became aware of the magistrate. Until then, I had never made a decision after meeting only once before I had investigated it clearly.
It is a magistrate who is touted as a famous magistrate and the world. Depending on the beauty and ugliness of the person's face and appearance, this was never decided in advance. Not on the contrary. "Don't expect this to happen before the judgment. It's not the right judgment. Don't be moved by the ugliness of the other person's face. That's not the right judgment." I am very much instructed by my servants.
It seems that Mamoru Izu talked mainly with Tenichibo on this day. Then, from the side of Tenichibo, he showed the official approval and the dagger as proof of the illegitimate child, and all the people who were there at that time also saw him, and it was an unmistakable thing. It seems that it was decided. The magistrate was also there, and he watched the situation completely and played.
The role and magistrate are half * [# "Sun + Mukai", 3rd level 1-85-25] If you face each other even with "Hantoki", you will definitely see the other person and play. I will. Even so, I don't know if Tenichibo is a Kubo-sama's seed. Even if I find out that the nature of a man named Tenichibo is not good, I can not say that it is not a seed. Moreover, the items of proof that you bring are undeniably correct.
However, what does the magistrate's determination represent? Needless to say, I didn't get the point with Ton at first.
There was a lot of fuss in Edo because the illegitimate child of the Kubo came out in Edo. It seemed that I remembered it even if I was sent to the Kubo, and I have come to accept it as soon as I meet each other.
During that time, the magistrate will play the castle on a daily basis, and each time he will return with a dark and dark complexion. The noble people often meet with the magistrate, and I have no idea how much the magistrate's decision was.
To be clear from me, the magistrate has not believed in the fact that Tenichibo has been a illegitimate child for some reason since he first met Tenichibo. I was able to do it. From the heavy role of magistrate, he was told to take good care of him, but when he sent his servants all the way to Kishu, he lied to the truth of the matter. Rather, I even felt like I wanted to get proof that it was a lie. I want to get proof that Tenichibo is a fake, and I want to be sure that it is not a illegitimate child.
The reason is that when the people sent to Kishu did not get proof that Tenichibo was a fake, but instead gave proof that it was true. This is because I can clearly remember the disappointment and suffering of the Go-Bugyō. In the case of the judgment so far, if you grab the evidence of either black or white, the magistrate will be happy in the world. However, this is not the case only this time. What is the reason for this?
The time of believing and not believing has passed. It's time to believe in the fact that you can't believe it anymore.
It was at this time when I first said that the magistrate had a hard time trying to grasp the important part of his role.
Then why did you want to believe Tenichibo as a fake?
There are various possibilities, but I think it wasn't because of the "world's sake" at all.
In other words, the magistrate was at risk of the nature of Tenichibo. It is difficult for me to understand the details, but when I recognize Tenichibo as a Kubo, I am sure that Tenichibo will be in a fairly high position. It can be said that the world is Taihei, and the Go-Bugyō thought about how terrifying it would be to put a person who does not look like a position in a certain powerful position. Suddenly giving a high position and great power to a human being who was completely weak until now is a provisional order, even if it is a natural reason, think about how dangerous it is depending on the nature of the human being. Didn't you do it? Tenichibo, who was born in Kishu and grew up in the mountains in Kyushu, was born in Kishu and grew up in the mountains. There is no way that it looks like the next place. By the way, if one person is placed in a high position, it may cause a terrible situation in the world.
Is it okay for the magistrate, who is also called the famous magistrate of the world, to bend the true facts? It seems correct to take the life of one person and save the world. However, is it possible to take the life of one person without relying on the law in the present reign? However, the fact is that one of them is in a position where he can hope for prosperity, rather than losing his life. I am afraid that the magistrate's hard work might have been here.

Six

The magistrate who seemed to be so disappointed when the facts were found, went out to work again with a solemn look from the next day. At that time, in addition to the people who were in charge, Izumori-sama and other high-ranking people were frequently going back and forth with the magistrates.
One day, I went home late at night, but on that day, I would like to say that I visited Ogyu-sama's mansion, which is famous as a scholar, and told a story for a long time. From that night, many Japanese and Chinese books "Gohon" were opened in the living room of the magistrate, but they all seemed to be books about difficult things to say "correct" or "righteousness". It is in the living room.
Finally, tomorrow, I will investigate and play with Tenichibo myself, and it has been decided that all the magistrates must be decided by that, the night before that, at the magistrate's residence. Both Mr. Ogi and Mr. Ito were able to see and play the story until late.
I know that you are familiar with the state of the Tenichibo investigation section, but the magistrate is not as usual and has a low voice, and the questions are mainly focused on the outer shape. I would like to say that. I would like to ask you about Tenichibo's rider "Koshi", find out about the crest, and all about the external shape. When it comes to saying whether or not it is the essential illegitimate child, I say that I was only told why Tenichibo could be said to be the person himself with only that ink stick and dagger. That is. When the word came fiercely and approached Tenichibo, that beautiful young monk made a sad face to the world.
[# Indent two characters from here]
"Is there anyone in the world who can really know the true parents? No one has a memory of when they were born. The parents just believe that they are your parents. Unfortunately, a person like me who hasn't said that I'm your father and I'm your mother since I was born is just what the people around me say. There is no other way than to believe. No one came out to say that I was your father or your mother, even if I remembered it. I knew its whereabouts when my grandmother who raised me died. My mother was no longer in the world. She died when she gave birth to me. I heard my father's name. At that time, I was truly surprised. At the same time, I sincerely wished to meet you once. You know the loneliness of a human being who grew up without a single parent. What do you think, but I just want to see my true father. I don't want anything outside. But unfortunately What an even greater misfortune I was born with. I wanted to be born as a child of a nameless man, and my father would be happy to see me. I shouldn't have had to treat my birth child like a sinner with such an intervening service. When I think about it, my father is also an unhappy person. I don't have one, but if my dad really remembers it, he must want to meet him. "
[# End of indentation here]
This stupid, but straightforward answer from Tenichibo was that he never had a fate for that man. That man was born unfortunately, but he was so young that he didn't know that these words would produce the most unfortunate end. He says he just wanted to see his father. That's right. However, if you do it to the magistrate, that does not mean that much. The magistrate was not able to meet this poor child with his parents for the sake of the world.
The result of the investigation was too miserable for the magistrate and for Tenichibo, and I have no words to elaborate on. By the arrangement of the magistrate, Tenichibo was decided to be a fake.
This is the last word that the magistrate said to Tenichibo, "a big monster that deceives the world," but he seems to have come with a terrifying voice as usual. There is.
When I returned to the mansion and went down to the autumn garden where the fallen leaves were scattered, the magistrate's complexion looked like the color of a dead person.
When I heard that the execution had been completed, I was lonely looking at the face of my servant when I was told just one word, "Yes," but the house I told you about. At that time, I would like to say that I was horrified as if I was staring at the Go-Bugyō and bathing my whole body in water.
Since that time, I have played with that dark and gloomy person again, but for some reason I think that the radiant and pleasant complexion of the old days has long left the Go-Bugyō. Must not be.
I do not know at all whether this judgment of the magistrate is correct or incorrect. No, if you tell me the truth, I don't even know why Tenichibo had to be executed. I just said what I thought. Thinking about the anguish of the magistrate, and thinking about the fate of Tenichibo, I carried my brush and wrote it without any thoughts or orders.
[# With ground] (<Remodeling> October 1945 issue announced)



Bottom book: "Complete Works of Japanese Detective Novels 5 Shiro Hamao" Sogen Suiri Bunko, Tokyo Sogensha
March 29, 1985 (Showa 60) First edition
5 prints on July 11, 1997
First appearance: "Modification"
October 1929 (Showa 4) issue
Input: Susumu Ohno
Proofreading: Kazuko Hayashi
Published February 26, 2001
Revised April 6, 2006
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
