The story of "light pressure"
Ukichiro Nakaya

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Europe 《Europe》

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) File [# Emphasis mark on "File"]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

When I talked about Mr. Kanzuki's "dynamics of necking" before, Mr. Komiya advised me to write about Mr. Nonomiya's "pressure of light rays" if there was any such story.
It seems that there are unexpectedly many people who like to discuss models, and it seems that the story that this model of Mr. Nonomiya is an old teacher with a high school is popular among some people. .. However, it is clear that Mr. Nonomiya in "Sanshiro" was created by Dr. Soseki, and that the material was supplied by Dr. Torahiko Terada. It is a street with. I'm just supplementing this by writing a story I've heard from Professor Terada before.
Almost ten years ago, when I was working under the guidance of Professor Terada, I often heard various stories in the drawing room at your house until night and night. In addition to talking about something, Sanshiro's story came out. A little before Professor Soseki started writing "Sanshiro," he suddenly visited the laboratory of the University of Science. At that time, Professor Terada was just taking a schlieren photograph of the air waves before and after the bullets of the gun flew together in the physics laboratory when the current director of RIKEN, Masatoshi Okouchi, was still at the technical university. It was. The laboratory was in the basement of the old physics main building, which was demolished by the earthquake. This main building is a square building made of stone and brick, and although it was a very old building compared to the concrete building of the university in Tokyo today, it is terribly majestic and purely European. It was like a wind. When I was a student, I was told that the main building of a science university somewhere in Germany was built exactly as it was, so that such a magnificent thing was made. The basement was a research laboratory, with one of the wide corridors facing a dug-down cement courtyard and the other side lined with laboratory doors. The whole thing was dirty and dusty, but it was quietly settled down, and it felt like a twilight hole. It seems to us that the scene where Sanshiro visits Mr. Nonomiya for the first time really shows the unique scenery of this basement. It seems that the reason why the laboratory at that time is often seen in the relatively short description is that the important elements in the landscape are well grasped. In the laboratory, the door is open and the face comes out from there, there is a large long oak desk in the middle of the room, and a file [# "emphasis mark"], a knife and a collar are dropped. The description of the scenery, which is nothing but nothing, is strangely fascinating. It is a little strange that Dr. Soseki only visited that basement once and was able to "experience" the life of the laboratory at that time so well. Such basement laboratories don't seem to be very fashionable these days, and it seems that most experiments at any university can now be done comfortably in a splendid ground room in an ordinary building-like building. At the same time, the nostalgic atmosphere of research in Mr. Nonomiya's time seems to have been delayed.
The Schlieren method is a method of taking a picture of a place where the refractive index of the medium through which light passes is different, and it seems that the heat haze looks like a shoji screen when the sun is just right. Therefore, when a bullet flies, a strong compression wave or vortex is created in the air, which can be photographed. Since an electric spark is used as the light source, the duration of light emission is about one millionth of a second, so the bullets and air waves stop and appear within that time. Professor Soseki was very interested in the experiment and was asked, "Should I write this in a novel?" When Professor Terada replied, "I don't mind, but I'm a little troubled because the other person is the lord," he said, "Then tell me something else," and I was reading at that time. He was told the contents of a paper on the measurement of "light pressure". This story seems to be a certain story because Mr. Terada himself wrote in "Recollection of Mr. Soseki Natsume" in "Evaporating Dish". However, in that, the phrase that the other party is the lord is omitted. In this story, Soseki-sensei wanted to have Nonomiya-san experiment with gun bullets, but it was canceled at the request of Terada-sensei. However, this time, Suketoshi Yajima was organizing his diary for the compilation of Torahiko Terada's complete works, and he was taught that there was a description related to "Sanshiro", but the story is a little different depending on it. .. "Sanshiro" appeared in the Asahi from September 1, 1891, but a little before that, in the diary on August 19th,
[# Indent two characters from here]
"Water, fine
[# Indent 3 characters from here]
In the afternoon, I visited Dr. Natsume, and in the novel "Sanshiro", there is a place where Bachelor of Science Nonomiya and Ifu can experiment with gunmaru photography at the university. Get it again "
[# End of indentation here]
It has become. From now on, Professor Soseki once wrote that Mr. Nonomiya was experimenting with Schlieren photography, but it was rewritten at the request of Professor Terada. That is, what is written in the teacher's "Recollection of Professor Natsume Soseki" is a little different from what is in the diary. Attempting to clarify the circumstances at that time is quite difficult even at this level.
Dr. Terada and Dr. Okouchi were prepared in the daytime and started experiments at night, just like Mr. Nono in "Sanshiro". It was. It seems that Dr. Terada was a little sick of studying, and Dr. Okouchi was a little overwhelmed, but during that time, Dr. Okouchi was familiarly written in the March issue of "Thought" in memory of Torahiko Terada.
The problem is the pressure of light rays, but Professor Terada spoke to Professor Soseki about the content of Nichols and Hull's treatise, the original of which is Annalen der Physik, a physics magazine of Germany. It appears in the August 1903 issue. In the case of the previous "Cat"'s "Mechanics of Necking", Professor Soseki Kaku was able to see the original text and translated it into Mr. Kanzuki's speech, but in this case, Professor Terada's story was once. Just being asked, it immediately became a story at Mr. Nonomiya's Seiyoken. Still, when a thin disk made of mica "Mica" is "fished with a crystal thread and placed in a vacuum, and the light of an arc light" arc lamp "is applied at a right angle to the surface of this disk, this disk becomes light. It is a little surprising that the procedure of Nichols' experiment is really clearly described, such as "it moves under pressure." Before Nichols, a person named Lebedev used glass thread when he conducted this experiment, but in the case of Nichols, it is true that he used crystal thread. However, the source of the mica disk is unknown. In reality, I used a thin glass disk for a microscope.
As Mr. Nonomiya said, the problem of light beam pressure was calculated by Maxuel from the theory of electromagnetics, and the value that Bartoli independently gave thermodynamically matched it, so it is expected to be theoretically definite. However, due to the difficulty of the experiment, it could not be confirmed experimentally despite the efforts of various people for nearly 30 years. Lebedev was the first to succeed in this in 1991. That is, it was around the time when Professor Soseki was writing "London News" in London. As you can see in the specimens of physical instruments in junior high school, a vacuumed glass sphere with four thin blades is enclosed, and the blades rotate when exposed to light. There is a device. Some people often refer to this as an instrument that indicates the pressure of light rays, but this is a device called a radiometer that exhibits a completely different function. This is a phenomenon that occurs because some air remains even if it is called a vacuum, and this action makes it difficult to measure the true pressure of light rays. The pressure of the light beam is so weak that it works only about 1 / 10,000 of this crookes radiometer.
Then, as Mr. Nonomiya said, it is true that some people have come up with the idea that the comet's tail will always be in the opposite direction of the Sun because it will be blown away by the pressure of light rays. This prediction was already made by Kepler 300 years ago. After the early summer of Meiji 41 of Professor Soseki's "Fragment", that is, near "Sanshiro", there was a note written down immediately after hearing this story from Professor Terada, and the light pressure was the radius. It is acknowledged in English that gravity is proportional to the square and gravity is proportional to the cube. It also describes how to make crystal thread. However, as I learned for the first time when I visited Mr. Komiya, the story of this "light pressure" was slightly corrected when "Sanshiro" first appeared in the Asahi Shimbun and when it appeared as a book the following year. It has been done. Of course, the ones in the complete works have been corrected in the book. First of all, at the time of Asahi, in the section on how to make crystal thread, it is said that "the crystal powder is melted with the flame of an oxyhydrogen blower and placed, and the hardened part is pulled to the left and right with both hands." , In the ones listed in the complete collection, this "collected place" has been deleted. Of course, it actually pulls the melted part, but it is written in the fragment notebook in the same way as Asahi's. Then, a phrase was inserted later, saying, "Theoretically, it was expected since Maxuel, but a person named Lebedev proved it in an experiment for the first time." Whatever it was, Mizunori "Sweden" or some scholar somewhere. " Since Lebedev is a Russian-Russian, it was probably corrected later with the attention of Professor Terada. Of course, it is probably the addition of Professor Terada that the names of Maxuel and Lebedev came in. There are only two other deletions, and Professor Hirota is responsible for the romanticism of physicists. In the original, "some people may notice if a comet appears, but otherwise," among the natural menus. It seems that the fact of the pressure of the ray is not printed, but the part in parentheses is also deleted later. This is actually a little impossible, and of course it is safer to delete it. Among the letters that will be included in Soseki's complete works for the first time, there is a letter from Professor Soseki addressed to Professor Terada in Germany. There is a sentence in it, "I can't write about the life of Anagura at the University of Science because you're gone. I can't even discuss the comet's knowledge."
In addition to "Fragment", there is a strange picture just before "Sanshiro". The front and back sides of the square box are marked with boards, and the left and right sides are made of glass, with water inside. And there is an arrow marking the shot of a gunball on the surface of the wooden board. And then, "Glass moth broke Reldarauca. broke Renuda Lauka. Lanai in the middle of seeing the tsute. In the glass room, I'm injured. "The notebook is written. This is an episode during a gun bullet experiment between Dr. Terada and Dr. Okouchi mentioned earlier. I had heard this story from Dr. Terada before, but I didn't know that it was in Dr. Soseki's "fragment" until Mr. Komiya recently warned me. In the middle of the experiment, the story was about what would happen if a bullet was shot into the water, and I tried hitting it with a glass of water in a wooden box. The wooden box had glass windows on both sides, that is, it looked like an illustration in a "fragment". "If you think about it later, it's an unreasonable story, and it's decided to break it, but you can't understand it unless you try it," said Professor Terada with a bitter smile. As a matter of fact, the moment the bullet was shot into it, the glass on both sides was about to explode into Konoha fine dust and be injured, as described by Dr. Soseki's memoir. If a complete amateur thinks for a moment, the gun bullet only penetrates the wooden wall and does not seem to affect the glass plate on the side, but the fluid is a fluid that transmits the pressure applied to a part as it is in all directions. There is a principle of mechanics, and it is natural that the glass breaks. However, it is speculated that it had a deeper meaning for Dr. Terada and Dr. Okouchi to say, "It's hard to understand unless you try it." For example, when it comes to the question of whether the so-called Pascal's principle of fluid pressure propagation can be applied to a fast impact such as a bullet, or more broadly, the nature of the fluid to a very fast impact. After all, if you don't see it, you won't know a little. I was a little surprised that Dr. Soseki was interested in this story and wrote it down with illustrations. It cannot be said that there are no people who specialize in physics who hear this story and forget the whole story by saying, "Oh, there is Pascal's principle." It is. Immediately after this memorandum, Dr. Soseki said, "When I got a graduate from a difficult school, I got a daughter-in-law. Complex deal. "
The story of broken glass still has a long way to go. Mr. Terada picked up all the glass fragments scattered in the laboratory at this time, tried to join them one by one, and continued patiently until almost completely the shape of the original glass plate. Is. Then, it was investigated how the tears crawled and how the glass plate was scattered. "It was a tough job, but I think there was such a thing in children's games, and I was really interested in it," said Professor Terada, recalling those days. In that basement where Mr. Nonomiya looked into the telescope, he collected a lot of small pieces of glass and tried to match the cracks one by one, and the appearance of Mr. Fuyuhiko was also nostalgic for Sanshiro's readers. I think it's something, so I'll add this story.


[# 2 indentation] Appendix

When Sanshiro went to see the athletic meet at the university, Mr. Nonomiya worked as a measurement clerk, wearing a black flock, wearing an emblem of a clerk on his chest, and giving Oita personality. I've heard before that at the athletic meet of the university at that time, young teachers in the physics class were supposed to be hunted by the measurement staff. This time, Mr. Yajima wrote down this matter from the diary of Professor Terada in 1868 and was taught.
[# Indent two characters from here]
"Saturday, November 14th, fine weather
It's a university athletic meet. Going to help with the time clerk of the example.
[# End of indentation here]
There is a certain reason. These diary and miscellaneous articles of Professor Terada should be included in the complete works of Torahiko Terada coming out this autumn. If that happens, it seems that more of the various things in Professor Soseki's "fragment" whose meaning can be understood may come out. [# Raise one character from the ground] (July 1945 "Soseki Zenshu Monthly Report")



Bottom book: "Ukichiro Nakaya Collection Volume 1" Iwanami Shoten
Issued the first print on October 5, 2000 (Heisei 12)
Parent of the bottom book: "Winter Flower" Iwanami Shoten
September 10, 1938 (Showa 13)
First appearance: "Soseki Complete Works Vol. 15 Monthly Report No. 9" Iwanami Shoten
Issued on July 10, 1936 (Showa 11)
Input: kompass
Calibration: Kiyotaka Sandpit
Created September 9, 2016
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
