The charm of words
--For a Japanese language reader for girls' school--
Kunio Kishida

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Phase <<

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) [# Indent two characters from here]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

Words are very different in nature depending on whether they are written or spoken.
Various studies and examples have been shown for written words, that is, "sentences", but when it comes to "spoken words", that is, "discourse", people in Japan have not received much attention yet.
The good and bad of sentences have recently been discussed based on correct criticism, but I feel that the standards of "discourse" and "verbal speech" are vague and unreliable.
When I actually listen to the words "speaking well" and "speaking", most of them are a series of words that are apt to be used, and it is rare that I really feel the charm.
Like sentences, "words spoken" not only convey certain limited thoughts and feelings, but also the "person", that is, the age, sex, culture, environment, country, era, and more of the narrator. It reveals the profession, personality, and mood, and from the meaning of the word, the so-called "art of words" is born. In other words, just as sentences lead to literature, "words spoken" lead to speech or rhetoric, especially the white of theater.

By the way, apart from specialized things, when it comes to the words we use on a daily basis, there is also the necessary "language training" for those who are engaged in cultural life, and this training Will create the language, tone, and charm of the individual people.
Therefore, no matter how carelessly the words used by a certain person are used, they are words that the person wrote someday, and they have facial expressions that accompany the body.
We were first taught the first language at home, then, according to age, unknowingly transferred from friends with different circumstances, and thirdly through textbooks at school. You will learn the standard language. By the time we reach the end of the year, we will have something called "the person's words", but after that, the words will come out into society and be influenced by various influences. The colors become more complicated, and it comes to have a unique "taste". "When you talk, you can see the person's personality."

Well then, it would be a good idea to use words, but it is an extremely difficult question to answer, as is the question of whether a person is an ideal person today. Here I try to distinguish between "correct words" and "beautiful words."
Anyone can think of the correct wording. Learn grammar and follow it. However, there is one secret in the fact that correct words are not always beautiful words. At the same time, it should be noted that beautiful sentences do not become that beautiful way of speaking. Everyone must be aware that the sentence "colloquial" in modern Japan is still a "word to be written". The true "words spoken" are abrupt but natural, unorganized but always breathable words that are in line with everyday life, backed by momentary emotions. And, in principle, it is not a word that you see with your eyes, but a word that you hear with your ears. Therefore, the beauty of the spoken words cannot be considered apart from the voice.

I mentioned earlier that words are like facial expressions, but facial expressions are also a word in a broad sense. Therefore, the beauty of words appears in various shadows depending on the word itself, the selective arrangement, the facial expression that speaks it, the quality of the voice in which it is spoken, and so on. Furthermore, the selection sequence of words, facial expressions, voice quality, etc. are not changed in any way, and although some ingenuity and preparation can be made, most of them are only surface modifications. In the end, its essence is shown as an uncoverable phase at the bottom of the word. I think this shows that the fun of a person and the inspiration of his individuality are the first attraction of words.
High hobbies, abundance of emotions, keen senses, firmness of beliefs, and human personality, of course, give dignity and power to words, but on the other hand, children's dialects and slang.・ I sometimes wonder if there is a subtle and lovable expression in a dialect. The sound of truth is something like this, and it is proof that the life of words is never in decoration.

The wording, the way of talking, and the main body of the charm are in the way of thinking and feeling of the human being, and any practice or ingenuity is similar to sitting or crest-shaped mouth. Then we have to know that this is far from the charm of words. However, since language is also of a nature that should achieve one cultural development, it is necessary to protect and nurture it correctly and beautifully based on the above spirit, as an individual, as a society, and especially as a nation. , No difference in what you need. Saving everyday discourse from the moon and the vulgarity begins with each person having their own "life", by reading to store as much vocabulary as possible, and becoming familiar with the finest literature. It is important to swallow the "sense of language" sufficiently. The fact that standard language conversations are often dry and polite, sometimes appearing white and humorous, is often due to lack of language.
After all, the sophistication of words is meaningful only when it is built on human training, and the attractiveness of the words that intellectuals should have is the manifestation of their pride that emanates from their rich culture. It is all about knowing the truth, knowing the other person, and telling the truth openly with politeness and belief.

[# Indent two characters from here]
This sentence was published in Fujin Koron in October 1945, and was rewritten for inclusion in a secondary girls' language reader.
[# End of indentation here]



Bottom book: "Kunishi Kishida Complete Works 22" Iwanami Shoten
Issued on October 8, 1990 (Heisei 2)
Parent of the bottom book: "Modern Customs" Kobundo Shobo
Issued on July 25, 1940 (Showa 15)
First appearance: "Women's New Country Bunmaki Ten" Fuzambo Tomiyama
Published in 1935 (Showa 10)
* The title when it first appeared was "Charm of words".
Input: tatsuki
Proofreading: Hiroshi Kadota
Created September 5, 2009
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
