About peace issues
Yuriko Miyamoto

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Life << life >>

｜: Symbol of the boundary between kanji without ruby and kanji with ruby
(Example) Pioneer immigrants |

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) [# with ground] [January 1950]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

In a newspaper a few days ago, Kitaman's pioneer immigrants | There was an article that more than a hundred women and girls were forced to make their own decisions by the hands of men in the family.
At that time, the article that the people who shot and killed six or seven to twelve girls and children were demobilized was a problem. One of them, a teacher, said that if the word "surrender" was in Japan at that time, who would have done that.
When it comes to peace issues in Japan, it's a government job, and it's customary to think that it's not the place where we women and others speak, but even considering this horrifying and sad true story, Japanese women speak the most about peace. You can see that they are people with a lot of rights.
During this time, when the Asahi Shimbun collected a questionnaire on the issue of peace, it was mainly businessmen who answered, "It's okay to have a single peace, and the conditions of the military alliance may be met, so the sooner it is, the better." Scholars, writers, and others said, "Because it can't be as quick as the government advertises, peace can certainly be protected to show Japan's conscience to the world for the sake of Japan's well-being. We should insist on a complete peace with conditions and an absolute abandonment of armament. "
In the world of imperialism, there are still more people who can make money in war. For that reason, the economy will improve, unemployment will be saved, Japan's position will rise, and war will be provoked.
From ancient times, children and women were the first to be killed when the castle fell. There is no home front in modern scientific weapons. If Japan, which is surrounded by this small sea and has a large population, is involved in a super-powerful modern war, where would there be a safe place for women and children?
Peace is a matter of our life. [# With ground] [January 1950]



Bottom book: "Miyamoto Yuriko Complete Works Vol. 16" Shinnihon Shuppansha
First edition issued on June 20, 1980 (Showa 55)
Issued the 4th edition on March 20, 1986 (Showa 61)
Parent of the bottom book: "Miyamoto Yuriko Complete Works Vol. 12" Kawade Shobo
Issued in January 1952 (Showa 27)
First appearance: "Zensen" All Japan Shipbuilding Labor Union bulletin
January 16, 1950 (Showa 25) issue
Input: Takuji Shibata
Proofreading: Iwayohiko
Created September 14, 2003
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
