gardenia
Yuriko Miyamoto

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example)

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) [# with ground] [January 1938]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

Childhood

Two of us are on the road. One has a household, but the other is alone, so I made a promise to send a letter to him.
It was a long time since I went there About four months later, a postcard came. He was a second lieutenant without writing his name under the unit's name and his surname. I didn't know that there was such a format until then. While looking back at the postcards, I forgot that I could write the name when I did it from here, and I was afraid of what would happen if there were two people with the same surname in the same unit.
When only one postcard had arrived and the message had been cut off for a while, an airmail came suddenly the other day. It is a white square envelope and is a military mail as an airmail. Something happened. It seemed intuitively. But the letter is not addressed to me. The one I was supposed to receive wasn't at home at that time. I was wondering if I could open it up and read it, but if something happened, I made a phone call to see if the person who wrote the letter wanted to know it first and foremost.
The airmail was still a special letter. It was news of an injury. It wasn't crippled, but it said that the scars on the eyebrows and forehead would remain, and it was written from the bed in the clinic. And the way he was injured was not during the assault, but in a situation that made him imagine himself placed in the battlefield. On top of the so-called ordinary letters, the darkness of Hebei Province and the light flashing there ran deeply and sharply.
For the flaw on that face, while laughing that it was a stupid Tange Sazen, I immediately started to prepare the medicines and other items in the note.
There are four boys this year, and although they fell down on the night of Kahoku, they are still in contact with each other as second cousins. The child was watching the comfort bag beside three women gathering together, but before long, it happened. "You know Aa-bo, Yaho Jichi-chan." "I know." "Yaho Jichi-chan was hurt by the Chinese soldiers, so I'll send you some medicine." " Hoon. "The boy seemed to be thinking about something with both white eyes squinting, but eventually he shook his little head out of the olive-colored Swetaa and said no. .. Isn't it different, Yaho Jichi-chan was a Chinese soldier, and he was sick. I said. The child's mother was also there, and he told me that it wasn't the case, putting the cans in a bag. Yaho Jichi-chan was in pain. Then the boys put effort into almost crying, and if they were different, it would be different! He stubbornly insists on the opposite.
A young aunt who received a letter and had a heartache is a strange little boy with an unpleasant look! I said. I don't understand why. Really, the mother of the child was wondering what had happened, but the expression turned out to be awkward as if he had come up with something, and he glanced at his face inconspicuously. He explained the prejudice that was planted in the four children's minds, saying that the reason why he always loses to no one is because he is just playing with the Chinese soldiers.

Women's painter

In the living room, I put an oil painting on the wall and looked at it from the brazier, and the distance between the ship in the dock in the painting and the hill behind was not clear, or on the sea far away. A friend who is studying such painting materials, even though she is a woman, compares the life of a female painter who can not judge one picture of 100 yen, saying that the ship is fragile when thinking that the island is not enough or doing amateur reviews. did.
Although it has not become so-called famous now, there are many people who buy the paintings of a man's painter who has a star on it as a collection. I buy it because the price will come out later, but the fact that the price will come out is expected, albeit vulgarly, that the artist's art will grow that much according to the current society. It is a translation.
There are already some famous women's Western-style painters today. Is there anyone who systematically collects the production? It is said that female painters cannot sell because they cannot be ruled by the painter, but the reason why they cannot be ruled by the painter is that the gates are limited for women to enter the present society. It is also a reflection. Someone who thinks about the politics of the art world, is impressed after the artistic development of a certain female painter, and tries to buy it, something that seems to be almost nonexistent makes us think about it. is there.
It may be wrong because I am not familiar with the situation, but I heard that a female painter is not very particular about getting her hands on the screen when a good person is a painter. The art of a women's painter changes a lot depending on the person who talks about painting, and when there is a good person, a person who seems to draw a better picture than a good person breaks up or dies. Then, he said that it would be completely useless.
It may be the difference between a novel and a picture. However, I think it would be a shame if the potential for artistic growth of women's Western-style painters and their expectations for it are generally squeezed by such a convenient habit. Moreover, in the big picture, a small number of young women painters who have no cooperators who are positive anyway, or who are trying to mature themselves by clearly distinguishing the boundary between good people and themselves, while having a negative effect. According to the current common sense, it is a loss and pain to face either way.
In Japan, Madame's hobby is still mostly patronizing the actress of the girl opera.

Hama

When I got on the Tokaido Line from the west and was in a dining room, the air around this time was fluttering around from the end of the loud chat. It's a story of making money and losing money.
A Kaitai company bought a 5,000-ton ship that had been swaying for three years after climbing into a snag somewhere in Hokkaido for 20,000 yen. I put it in the dock and spent 400,000 to replace the bottom. And I sold it for 200,000 yen.
The dock fee is only 5,000 yen a day, and from the dock side, it is better to have ships coming and going as often as possible. However, it took two months to repair the ship, and in the winter, I had a few cups to see, but there was a reason for the trouble.
The story goes back to the time of World War II. At that time, there was a person who made a profit by making a new dock there. At the end of the war, I couldn't carry it all, so I decided to sell it to OT, and two friends from OT joined as managing directors. One of them is a technician. It seems that a certain person had a particular friendship with this technician, and in the future he also made a promise to let him run the business.
Recently, the capital system has changed and the engineer has quit, and since I have only received half the retirement allowance, I negotiated with OT to start doing the dock, but a certain person has already died. Therefore, it was decided to go to court. Since there were no documents, it was a disadvantage for engineers. Therefore, another managing director sent the dry portion of the haori to the OT president's house. The person who went there seems to have peeked at the white sheath a little. Immediately after the sudden turn, the trial was settled in an advantageous manner, and this time the man who did the dry matter took the lead and started running, but this man often goes to Manchuria and wastes money, so he has to finally stop managing. No longer get.
Another person appears here. A person working at a dock owned by a large bank may have wanted his own. He noticed the turmoil and called the person who often goes to Manchuria as a substitute for a technician, and went to his successor son, who had an agreement with his predecessor, to get shares. The requested person received it well at the original price and sold it to the client at the present value. It wasn't until half a month later that the technician knew about it. That's how technicians have lost most of their assets for the last two decades today.
In such a situation, the dock company was short of cash even if it was repaired for 400,000 yen. Therefore, the company decided to only have the materials and let the workers enter from each group. The factory law does not apply to the workers in the group. That was also the case.
When the company did not manage well, the group repaid the wages. If there is a sudden facility, the group will do it again. The recent economy has made a group a considerable shareholder, as the company had no choice but to pay the heavy debt in stocks. Even if I had a job, all the profits would go to the group, and the company would become more and more anemic. It is said that it was wet. As for the relationship between the father under the group's on-site supervision and the workers under him, he wandered around the company house and said a word about the vegetables that were made there, and I immediately liked it. It seems that it is a wind to pull out. When they quarrel with their father's son, their parents change their complexion. As a daughter or mother, there are other circumstances such as father-to-female, which is not very reassuring.
Although it is not directly related to this story, the man next to me was loud in the train ahead of me, no, that man was doing it. After all, you said that the owner of the factory would buy a geisha almost every night. Then, the companion suspiciously grinned and said that he liked the foundation himself. And while he said that it would be a problem for some people to do such things, for some reason, if he was hungry frequently, he recommended that he push the beer on the paper cup against his hand.
[# With ground] [January 1938]



Bottom book: "Miyamoto Yuriko Complete Works Vol. 17" Shinnihon Shuppansha
First edition issued on March 20, 1981 (Showa 56)
Issued the 4th edition on March 20, 1986 (Showa 61)
Parent of the bottom book: "Miyamoto Yuriko Complete Works Vol. 15" Kawade Shobo
Issued in January 1953 (Showa 28)
First appearance: "Chuokoron-Shin"
January 1938 (Showa 13) issue
Input: Takuji Shibata
Proofreading: Iwayohiko
Created on September 15, 2003
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
