Aerial conquest
Toyohiko Kagawa
-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]
"":ruby
(Example) Since then
｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) South end | Gomiya << Atomiya >>
[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) [# Raise one letter from the ground] --Self-portrait of the author--
-------------------------------------------------- -----
[# Raise one letter from the ground] -Self-portrait of the author-
[# 3 indentation] 1 Mayor indentation speech [# "1 Mayor indentation speech" is a middle heading]
[#Illustration 1 (fig51160_01.png, width 478 x height 438) is included]
"Dear Great Citizens of Osaka, I am now defiled as Mayor of Osaka. I am honored and disgraced."
It was three days ago that the extra that Toyohiko Kagawa became Mayor of Osaka was distributed to the citizens of Osaka 1.5 million. It was totally unexpected for the citizens, and no capitalist, no worker, no government official knew it. Only Toyohiko Kagawa knew.
Toyohiko Kagawa drank too much coffee and couldn't sleep overnight on a hot night in a slum. After suffering, he recommended himself as the mayor and thought of conquering Osaka in the air. So, the extra was distributed by himself throughout the city of Osaka, and no one delivered the extra. In a dream, he became the mayor of Osaka and was giving a speech alone on the floor.
"--Citizens, I think there are so many projects I should do as a mayor. First and foremost, I think it is the aerial conquest of Osaka. With the sky like today, that chimney I think that Osaka citizens will not be able to continue their health for the next fifty years if they have soot. I think that the establishment of the spirit of Osaka should start with the prevention of soot in the air. Masu "
"I'm by no means a universalist, but I'm not necessarily a grasper of all the truth. I'm a human being away from the air, as if there was no way for fish to grow out of the water. There is no way to grow. Therefore, if the Osakans want to create the spirit of Osaka, it cannot be possible without first breathing fresh air. Buying and selling air today. It is a coal mine, where all miners will choke unless air is sent deep into the mine.
However, it cannot be said that the air in Osaka is better than that of coal mines. The amount of carbon dioxide in the air in Osaka is always more than five-hundredths, and the amount of soot is the highest in the world.
If Osaka has the highest infant mortality rate in the world, the highest lung disease city in the world, and the most unhealthy city in the world, then I-that is, your mayor's first business is health for you. I believe it should be a guarantee.
Since then, doctors have been called humanistic medicine, and despite their mission to strive for the people of society, today they just have to make a lot of money. It has become. Even though they know the medical technique for individuals, they cannot make a diagnosis for sociopathology. They know they crawl on the ground, but they don't know they conquer the air. I know I'm crazy about capital, but I don't know that I'm going to visit the poor. Even if you know that you will have a funeral, you don't know how to make the most of society as a society. As a sociopathologist, I am honored to be appointed as the mayor of the aerial conquest.
Therefore, I would like to start the treatment of soot as the first business. Next to the relief of the unemployed, then to the destruction of the slums, to the slums of Kitahama, to the city planning, to the construction of new morals, I showed my aspirations for you one after another, and soon I would like to start the remodeling movement ... "
The inauguration speech of Mayor Kagawa was a little longer. However, the story is cut off here because the newspaper reporter yawned and left the Central Public Hall.
[# 3 indentation] 2 The end of the chimney civilization [# "The end of the 2 chimney civilization" is the middle heading]
[# Illustration 2 (fig51160_02.png, width 466 x height 439) is included]
The mayor of Kagawa forgot to say at the time of his inauguration speech at the Central Public Hall was as follows.
"... You live in the uncivilized city of smoke tubes like today, and are you all enjoying civilization?
Ikomayama erupted today, and Osaka was buried underground like the city of Pompeii in the olden days. And what a tragedy it is, assuming that we had to excavate today's Osaka three,333 years later. Humans after the 33rd century have something like a giant's graveyard near the basin of the Motoyodo River in the northeastern corner of the Seto Inland Sea.
"It seems that there used to be a city called Osaka, where a large industry developed, in this area."
Even if "Improved Japanese" teaches with a sound similar to Esperanto, it would be completely incomprehensible to the people at that time.
After the 33rd century, smoke tubes and the like were not found in any city, lime [# "lime is mama"] was not exhausted, and oil fields were exhausted. And since the power of power is all changed to alcohol and electric power, even the word smoke tube will not be found in the text.
So, the region where Osaka City once lay is known as the "Giants' Cemetery", and it will surely be a place visited by world lovers.
The cement and iron chimneys, which are unartistic compared to the obelisk monument and large on the well side, must confess that even grave marker researchers do not know the origin at all. "
Toyohiko Kagawa thought that he would give such an exciting speech, but he forgot to say it all.
He left the Central Public Hall, squeezing his teeth, saying, "It was a shame! It was a shame!", But as soon as he left the doorway of the public hall, he was completely despaired by the smoke sky.
"Dark for the sun"
I was totally sad that he had to occupy the mayor's chair when I thought that it was a word made for the sky in Osaka.
He was so wondering that the senior mayor had abandoned the soot problem at all and did not care.
 It would be so! Because they were police officers and teachers, they were too timid to fulfill this mission of aerial conquest. They did not have the scientific knowledge to conquer the soot. No wonder. They were happy and calm with the dark city of Osaka, where they had to turn on the lamps on the fourth floor of the city hall in the daytime.
Mayor Ikegami and Yardmaster Seki must work with electric lights in the daytime because the rays of the sun are blocked by soot and do not reach the windows of the city hall. Is not very conceivable, but it can't be helped because the facts are quite so. The city hall, which stands just behind the Central Public Hall, has a lamp lit in the daytime.
He ... Mayor Kagawa had no choice but to resent him when he saw it. Once he played in the city of New York, he didn't see smoke rising in a city with a population of six million.
The same was true in San Francisco. Pittsburgh was known as the city of chimneys in the world, but a movement to conquer soot and smoke took place there, and the city of Pittsburgh finally succeeded in eradicating the soot.
Even in our city of Osaka, if the citizens make a little more scientific progress and understand the unproductiveness of capitalist factory management, the destructive movement of the soot civilization should naturally occur. It's a real story that you can't do that.
"Okay, I'm going to start the soot conquest movement. I'll meet the city council members first, and then convene the city council to express my opinion."
Mayor Kagawa returned to the city hall and sat down at the desk in the office after 3:30 pm, but the room was so dark that he couldn't get the office done. He also twisted the lamp switch, as the former mayor Ikegami did.
With dissatisfaction, when I looked at the west sky of Osaka from the window of the city hall, in the direction of Noda and Kasugadenaka, from the three thick chimneys of Sumitomo Copper Works, and from the Kasugadenaka lamp company. From the thick chimney, I saw the smoke rising like a cloud.
He was staring at it. And when I thought that hundreds of thousands of working classes were mourning under this smoke, I was in tears.
He immediately pressed the button on the attached bell and called the clerk.
[# 3 indentation] Three chimneys, Adam and Eve [# "Three chimneys, Adam and Eve" is a middle heading]
[# Illustration 3 (fig51160_03.png, width 468 x height 479) is included]
The next day, the city council was supposed to open from 1 pm, but Mayor Kagawa should not have a headache because he lives in bad air. He was walking around in the mayor's office, pondering alone. Immediately I saw Adam and Eve, the world's first human beings drawn by Albert Durre, in a quarrel between the walls.
He was looking at the activity photo and paid attention to it.
Adam and Eve are blaming each other for sin.
"Hey, you, the smoke tube appeared on the ground because you're bad."
When Eve said, Adam was not defeated by it,
"Tell a lie! That's because you're greedy. If you didn't want to eat the fruit of wisdom at first, there wasn't a fall in civilization like it is today, you're all bad."
Eve got angry when she heard that.
"What are you talking about? It's all your responsibility. If you're a gentle female civilization like me, you're all artistic in the countryside and hand-woven civilizations. It gave me a malignant boy like Cain, so I had a corrupt civilization like today. It's all the sin of Adam and Cain. I don't know anything about smoke tubes. It's a totally ugly man. Is the result of the sin of
Adam was driven into Eve and hid behind a smoke tube.
God appeared there and asked Eve.
"Eva, where did your husband go?"
"Hidden behind the smoke tube"
"Call here"
Adam came out in front of the awe-inspiring god, naked.
"Adam. Did you make the smoke tube?"
"No, that is Eve's sin."
"What is Eve's sin?"
"Hi, Eve gave birth to a little too many children, and as a result, mass production was needed."
"What? Because Eve gave birth to too many children?"
"Hi, because Mrs. Sanger didn't teach the birth control law that God teaches today."
[# 3 indentation] 4 chimneys and sins of male culture [# "4 chimneys and sins of male culture" is a middle heading]
[# Illustration 4 (fig51160_04.png, horizontal 461 x vertical 353) is included]
God turned to Eve and asked ...
"Eva, is Adam really saying?"
Eva is embarrassing, so while shivering
"No, God, Adam is totally wrong. The smoke tube was born entirely for a man. Adam's son, Cain, is a greedy man like today's capitalist. However, the man made the first smoke tube. Cain's descendants are today's capitalists. Boys are said to resemble their fathers, but Adam was ill-mannered, so he was like Cain. Things were born. Adam often shook the issue of quantity, but I consider it a matter of quality. The fact that the smoke tube stood is a matter of quality at all. What's more, I myself have been telling Adam until now. I think that the smoke tube is the result of a poor male civilization. "
Adam says that Eve says that the smoke tube is the result of a boy's incompetent civilization, so he approached Eva and caught Eva's long hair without rushing in front of God.
"What a cheeky, long-haired monkey!"
God stopped Adam and
"Well, Adam, you don't have to be so upset. Do you feel sad that this bran was erected, or do you think the bran looks good on Eden's garden?"
"I'm sad. But I can't help it. God, everything is destined. I think this destiny is something that even God, that is, you, can't move. This is ignorance that Eve couldn't teach the birth control law. It's a fate that arose from. Everything is a fate! We can't get rid of this. God, I curse even you created me. I'd rather not be born I'm glad I was born. In an innocent, innocent world, I could have been born, but I was born. Immediately falling into a sin trap is punishable for that. When it comes, I totally doubt God's ignorance itself. God, I am a suspicious person. I have become suspicious of even my own existence at this time. Therefore, you-even the existence of God. I'm skeptical. Today, believing in God is a complete hindrance to this smoke tube civilization. "
"Wait, Adam, does God's thought get in the way of the smoke tube civilization, or does the smoke tube civilization get in the way of God's thought?"
"God, I don't care about that. Anyway, I lost sight of everything because of the smoke. Everything is destined. Today's chimney is destined that neither God nor humans can do anything about it. There is. "
Eve gained a lot of power because Adam was influential and contended with God.
"Yes, God, today's chimney has nothing to do with us. It was destined for the Earth. No, I think it naturally grew from the Earth."
When he heard that, God laughed loudly. The voice was so loud that he woke up from the illusion. Then, with a god-like laugh, I saw the city council chairman and three city council members entering the mayor's office. What I thought was God's laughter was the laughter of the city council chairman.
[# 3 indentation] 5 Everyone knows the need [# "5 All people know the need" is the middle heading]
[# Illustration 5 (fig51160_05.png, width 470 x height 423) is included]
In the mayor's office, what the city council members said was as follows.
"Hey, mayor, in fact, I have to do something about the soot in Osaka. I'm giving up that all my kids are weak and won't live very long. , Lymph gland swells, coughs, sees a doctor every day, I really think the sky in Osaka is cursed. "
This was the words of Kiichiro Horie from Nishi Ward. In response, Shigemasa Senba, the chairman of the city council, said to himself like a soliloquy.
"It's a real problem. I have a big daughter who I have to marry this year, but after all the smoke in Osaka made my lungs worse, and now I'm letting Hamaji take care of me. I'm in trouble, but I'm really in trouble. "
Shogoro Matsushima from Nishi Ward agreed with it as if he was waiting for Senba to say.
"Well, Mr. Funaba, my son at home is also being killed. I left high school this year and came back to the law department of the university just this April, saying that my lungs are bad. I can't cure it in Osaka, I'm going to Takarazuka, but the air in Osaka is really bad.
Shogoro Matsushima was a man selected from the Yukaku, but he seemed to be very worried about his son's life. He is an old man who is fattened by sake.
Shima Takazo from Higashi Ward had the same opinion. That was partly because the laundry in his house soon turned black with soot from the chimneys of the Arsenal.
Mayor Kagawa was silently listening to the stories of the three, but they all had sympathy. However, no one was thinking from the fundamental problem of social life.
The concern about the prosperity of Senba was that even if the city council made a policy to destroy the smoke tube, the opposition between the coal dealer and the large company would be great, so this plan would be completely unsuccessful.
Senba, Matsushima, and the island all agreed with the aerial cleaning of Osaka City for their own personal reasons, but it seemed that they did not fully understand the fundamental problem.
The mayor asked.
"Mr. Matsushima, are you a thorough fight on the soot problem?"
"Saa, what does it mean to be thorough?"
"It means killing all the chimneys."
"Then, is the chimney of the bathhouse too?"
"Jeez! "
"That's a problem, I'm renting only three bathhouses, but it's a bit of a problem if I get rid of that chimney now, Mayor, I'll give up the anti-smoke movement. "
The mayor asked the island further.
"Mr. Shima, would you agree with me and fight thoroughly?"
"No, actually, I also have a relative who has a brush shop with a big smoke tube, so I will reply after consulting with it."
"Then, Mr. Funaba, do you have the courage to fight thoroughly?"
"I'll do it. I'm a daughter's katakiuchi. I'll do a lot."
"Oh, it's interesting, so I'd like you to start explaining that one today. I'd like to ask you to explain the city council."
"Okay, I've accepted. I'll accept any role if my daughter's katakiuchi."
[# 3 indentation] Six livestock city council [# "Six livestock city council" is a middle heading]
[# Illustration 6 (fig51160_06.png, horizontal 473 x vertical 474) is included]
I thought it would be strange for the mayor himself to give a speech on smoke prevention, so I decided to ask a powerful person in the city council, that is, the chairman of the city council, to explain the proposal.
The call bell rang, and nearly eighty city council members entered the city council with Zoro Zoro. Everyone had a burnt face in the soot, and there was nothing fresh about it. For example, it's like a goldfish in a gutter.
As soon as Mr. Funaba got to the chairman's seat, he declared the opening, and today he got down to the chairman's seat because he gave up the chairman's seat to the vice-chairman.
Vice-chairman Umeda Mazo (whose real name is Sanzo, but is called Mazo because he has a long face like a horse in the city council) took the chair.
And the proposal to prevent soot was brought to the chamber in the first place.
"Now, Mr. Funaba will explain the proposal."
After saying this, Mr. Mazo sat down on the chair. Mr. Funaba opened his mouth and began his speech.
"You guys, the problem of soot in Osaka City has been a long-standing concern, and the damage is felt to us very much. This is a humanitarian problem. And no matter how much we strive to be rich, as the ancient saints have said, "What is the benefit of losing that life?" I hope you all unanimously agree with this proposal. "
I said this and got off the stage.
It was a coal dealer named Ajikawa Funazo who stood up with a high call as "chairman's question".
"This sounds weird from my point of view, and I thought I'd be at best refraining from this seat, but I couldn't stand it anymore. I'll tell you, why do we, the coal dealers, get sick when the smoke tubes run out? "
This man is a man with another name, "Rabbit", and is famous in the city council because his ears are very large and protrude from the side of his head, unlike other people.
As soon as the rabbit stood up, the raccoon dog stood up. The raccoon dog is the president of the Osaka tugboat company and his real name is Yasugoro Sakurajima. The reason why it is called a raccoon dog is that it imitates Tokugoro Nakahashi, the Minister of Education, and decorates hundreds of raccoon dogs in the alcove.
"I was also wondering about that point from a while ago. Isn't the chimney of a ship that says to stop the chimney at all?"
"It seems so"
Umeda replied.
"In that case, why does the machine work?"
"We can't turn a machine without using coal."
The shipyard was up.
"Don't get me wrong. This idea is not to abolish the chimney immediately. To prevent soot, either use a device to prevent soot from being generated by electric current, or use only electricity at all. I'm trying to decide. "
"Suppression! Suppression!"
Shouts Funazo Anjikawa.
[# 3 indentation] Seven abacus speech [# "Seven abacus speech" is a middle heading]
[# Illustration 7 (fig51160_07.png, width 453 x height 351) is included]
The lawmakers talked to the neighbors and fought discussions, and couldn't fully hear what Senba said. But Senba went on to say:
"I have a daughter in my house, but I just grew up in the city of Osaka and I have lung disease and I can't even get married. I don't think I'm the only one. This is also because the air in Osaka is bad. So, I curse this sky in Osaka, but if we wake up a little and pass about 5,000 volts of power through the smoke tube, soot will not stand. We want to do this. Is. "
"It's infeasible"
"It's utopia"
"It's good for your health, but soot prevention destroys the industry!"
Noji 《Yaji》 started to say
"Why does smoke prevention destroy industry?"
When asked by Senba, the raccoon dog replied that if there was no smoke, the machine would not turn, and if the machine did not turn, the industry would decline.
"I have to make some sacrifices!"
Up to half say.
When asked what "some sacrifice" is, he replies that in order for the country to be rich, it is necessary to be patient with the amount of soot scattered in the air. He says that even if the number of lung diseases increases a little, there is no way to increase the wealth of the nation. The raccoon dog
"If you go up to a high-rise shop, you'll get smoke, and the people's kamado will be bustling.' It's bustling because of the smoke."
"End of discussion! End of discussion!"
There is something that shouts from the corner. Therefore, Mayor Kagawa hurriedly asked the chairman for his voice.
The mayor looked at the seats from the podium, but there was nothing human in the seats. All lawmakers looked animal. That should be the case. In addition to horses, rabbits, and raccoon dogs working hard in the seats, I noticed that chickens, cows, pigs, sparrows, cats, mice, and grasshoppers were all there. I know well that "don't give pearls to pigs" and "oval to cats". Mayor Kagawa knew well that no matter how much he preached urban hygiene and explained urban aesthetics to the city council members in Osaka, he was dazzled by the golden light and was of no use.
However, what the Osaka people are familiar with is the abacus. So he decided to give an abacus speech.
"You, the eighty-one members of the Diet, the number of you is ninety-nine, eighty-one, and it really represents a good number. Nine is the number of growth and represents Kamiyoshi. Well, the number of people in Osaka City has now increased to 133,333,333, one-third (some scream "it's different from the national affairs survey"), and it still has terrifying momentum. , Is increasing. "
"The next mayor is quite familiar with the abacus."
There is something that impresses me.
[# 3 indentation] Eight chimney civilization guilt [# "Eight chimney civilization guilt" is a middle heading]
[# Illustration 8 (fig51160_08.png, width 456 x height 582) is included]
"Ehen" and the mayor encouraged him
"However, ninety-eight and eighty-one city council members, the population growth of Osaka City does not depend on the difference between childbirth and death, so it all increases due to the influx from other regions. In Osaka city, the number of people who die is greater than the number of people who are born. "
"Will that happen?"
I'm impressed with the cat and the pig.
"For some reason, if you take the abacus, it's because Osaka is an unhealthy place."
"The mayor looks very good at the abacus."
The mouse was impressed with the locust plague.
"Osaka City's 9x9 = 81 [#" 81 "is vertical, medium and horizontal] city council members, the reason why the mortality rate was so high in Osaka City was because of the smoke coming out of the chimney. I have to say that there is.
You may think that soot is unavoidable and that a chimney is a tool for producing soot, but that is a big mistake, and it happens because the chimney does not burn coal at all. No, soot is the same as sending coal powder into the air. In Osaka, there are 33,333 chimneys that look like large and small chimneys, and there are 1,999 chimneys that are over 100 shaku. (I'm impressed) The amount of soot they exhale is close to 444,444,444,44 kan, 44 匁 in a year. "
There is something that shouts, "It's a bullshit, the calculation is a little different."
―― "That calculation is correct, there is nothing less than that"
―― "I don't know because no one has calculated it."
There is something called "listening, listening".
"That is, the city of Osaka is wasting unnecessary money. You say that the smoke tube is also unavoidable for making money. But that is what the abacus says, soot. If the air is bad because of the bad air, the number of people with respiratory illness is increasing due to the bad air, and only 5 people die for every 1000 people every year, the medicine fee, medical examination fee, and curing cost are calculated. If so, we must say that it is a huge loss in a city like Osaka.
If one person lays on the bed for 18 days, it will be 90 days if there are 5 people. Looking at this for the population of Osaka City, which is one-third of the population of 133,333,33, the number of days of damage caused by soot is 119,999 days, nine minutes nine. It is a 厘. If the daily salary is 3 yen, the damage will be 359,999.99 yen, and the medicine fee, medical examination fee, and hospitalization fee will be 5 yen per day. In that case, the damage will be 599,999,999,99 yen and 9 yen. This is so without human value yet. If you add human value, it will be difficult. "
Matsushima, who doesn't know the calculation, is indignant, saying, "What's wrong with the stupidity?"
[# 3 indentation] The front and back of the mayor of Kyu Kagawa [# "The front and back of the mayor of Kyu Kagawa" is the middle heading]
[# Illustration 9 (fig51160_09.png, width 466 x height 417) is included]
The mayor continued.
"German scholars say that it costs 200 million yen per person to carefully make a model of the human body from internal organs to skeleton, cells to nerves by waxing."
The raccoon dog is impressed, "Is it something that takes so much?"
"Therefore, if we assume that five people will die each year due to lung disease in Osaka City, we will die more than 6,666 people a year, and for that reason 1,333,333. It is supposed to cause damage of more than 1.33 million yen.
If you add the damage of drug price, the damage of daily wage, and the damage of coal cost to this, the damage of Osaka city is really huge. If you show this in a table and read it aloud, it will be as follows.
[# Indent from here]
Osaka City Smoke Damage Table
1,333,333,330,000 yen Lung disease death fee
1,359,999,900 yen sickness damage daily salary
1,599,999,999 yen sickness recreation fee
1,444,444,444,44 sen Air spray coal cost (as a consistent one yen)
[# End of indentation here]
In addition, the damage of hundreds of millions of yen is brought about by wasting the human body and diminishing the appreciation for beauty.
So, even if you are a member of the ninety-eight and eighty-one lawmakers, my happiness is nothing more than this if you try to conquer the soot and smoke in the sense that you can save the huge cost of humankind. Is. "
The mayor left the podium saying this.
"Chairman"
It was Mr. Yasujigawa Coal who stood up yelling.
"Dear you, I absolutely disagree with the mayor's theory. If you do what the mayor says, we will not be able to eat. To prevent soot, you have to knock down the chimney. No. If you knock down the chimney, you will not be able to sell coal. If you cannot sell coal, the industry will collapse.
Everyone, I know the mayor's predecessor. He is a very dangerous person. He is a very insidious person, even though he seems to be on the surface, and gives a feeling of having a revolutionary idea. "
Some people shout "Abuse! Abuse!"
"It's not a rant! I say it as I expected! Toyohiko Kagawa! He's a dangerous person! He may have already been fined four times for violating the newspaper law! I know, He is a human-faced man, a man who is annoyed and delighted by the capitalist. He is a salesman and a Judah in the labor movement. Keeping a salesman like him the mayor of Osaka City. Is really ridiculous. I dare to expose his ugliness and have a mission to awaken those who are lost by him. "
[# 3 indentation] 10 City Council Confusion [# "10 City Council Confusion" is a middle heading]
[# Illustration 10 (fig51160_10.png, width 456 x height 539) is included]
As soon as Mr. Anjikawa Coal fired an attacking conquest, Mr. Matsushima Joroya agreed with him.
"Kill Kagawa! Defeat Kagawa"
Mr. Ma, who is the chairman, squints his big eyes and extends his long neck.
"Be careful of Mr. Matsushima. Please make a statement after obtaining the permission of the chairman!"
"Then chair, please do it to me the most."
The chairman is quiet--
"Then Matsushima-kun!"
Matsushima carried five large bodies to the podium. But Coal hasn't tried to go down the podium yet.
"Chair, I'm still speaking."
Some shout "Chairman incompetence! Chairman incompetence!"
"Mr. Anjikawa talks too much alone. The chairman orders the stage."
There is something that is called "suppression! Suppression!"
While doing this, some people approached the chairman's seat and hit the chairman's head. It was a quick locust.
Since then, the confusion in the chamber has become unnamed.
The call of "extra! Extra!" And the sound of the extra-selling bells rang throughout the city of Osaka.
The waiter brought an extra. Mayor Kagawa received it and saw it. Don't be surprised! The confusion of the city council is already out of the issue.
The extra content is as follows.
[# 25 characters from here]
[# Border from here]
The turmoil of the Osaka City Council
Debate about the soot problem!
Being beaten by the mayor of Kagawa =
Preparing for a general alliance of labor groups =
The Osaka City Council, which opened today, caused unprecedented turmoil and disagreed on the issue of soot for several hours. At last, we saw a brawl, and both cows, horses, dogs, and cats were injured. For that reason, the Red Cross sent a battalion of special nurses to the city council. In addition, when he heard this from the labor group, he was indignant and decided not to go on strike against the violence of the city council. I was forced to do it.
[# End of ruled box here]
[# End of character filling here]
It was Mr. Mazo who was the first to be surprised when he saw this extra.
"Hey! Kagawa-kun, I can't tell the future from the past, but can you believe this extra!"
Senba also has a strange face.
"It can't be like this, but it's like dreaming. By the time I came here, the train was still in full swing!"
"Okay, I see!" Exclaimed Mr. Mazo.
"I finished the construction of the radiotelephone yesterday, and from today each newspaper company in the city was able to sit in the editing room and listen to the state of the city council one by one. I had to do something a little more! ……
Well, it can't be helped, there is no choice but to become! ""
Yuhiro Matsushima on the stage became even more angry as soon as he saw the extra.
"This is all the mayor's way of doing things. It's clear that he's inciting workers, inciting newspaper reporters, and disturbing the city of Osaka. I think we have to fight until we defeat him! "
Funaba approached the platform and spoke to Matsushima. Then Matsushima, who was really excited, got off the stage with a grin.
[# 3 indentation] 11 Taiko's support speech [# "11 Taiko's support speech" is in the middle heading]
[# Illustration 11 (fig51160_11.png, horizontal 464 x vertical 620) is included]
Senba has never heard of Matsushima.
"Don't say anything boring because Toyotomi Hideyoshi came to the hearing."
I was careful.
When Matsushima looked up and watched carefully, Toyotomi Hideyoshi was in the audience. Mayor Kagawa often greets him. The mayor says this to Mr. Taiko.
"Mr. Taiko, I'm really sorry, but I would be very happy if you could give us your opinion on the soot problem."
Mr. Taiko looked like he was in trouble,
"That's a problem, Oshio Heihachiro should come later, so ask Oshio! Oshio has been familiar with labor issues since the Tenpo era-no, social issues ... but thank you. , Kagawa-kun, I'm in trouble with the soot in Osaka City. "
"That's right, Mr. Taiko! I would like to hear about the problem that is said to be the problem. Also, Osaka City will have to revise the city ward in the near future, so you have 300 years. I would like to tell the city council members of Osaka well so as not to damage the name of that magnificent Osaka that was planned before. "
The city council members were all interested in listening to the conversation between the two.
Mr. Taiko
"Then it's very easy!" I went to the podium.
"Taiko-san, hurray!"
It was Matsushima who shouted first.
"Yeah, boss!" Shouted Yasujikawa!
"President" shouts raccoon dog!
Mr. Taiko is short, so his neck barely comes out of the podium. So, Mayor Kagawa asked me to stand by the podium and talk.
"Everyone, it's a great honor for me to be able to give an opinion on the prosperity of Osaka City three hundred years after my death. He is one of the small but surprised ones. "
At the time of saying so far, Mr. Heihachiro Oshio also appeared in the audience seat. However, it was not noticed by anyone other than Mayor Kagawa.
"Maybe Oshio Heihachiro, myself, and I don't think there is anything that has thoroughly considered the future of Oosaka. Of course, I was careful about the big plan of the current mayor, Toyohiko Kagawa, and the other day. I had a conversation with Oshio Heihachiro at the entrance to the Gate of Hell, and I thoroughly agree with Toyohiko Kagawa's movement to conquer soot and smoke. "
Matsushima and Anjigawa are smaller after the tag with the seat number.
Mr. Taiko continued to speak with a calm attitude.
"Today, look at the stone wall of Osaka Castle that I built. I built that castle with a certain plan. Also, when I built Momoyama Castle and when I built Juraku, I Strived to build something that was not ashamed as a Japanese. That is what is said to be the Momoyama style today, but there is no word to criticize other than saying that today's Osaka people are useless. "
Mayor Kagawa pulled Taiko on his side, so he lifted his shoulders and smiled.
[# 3 indentation] 12 Benshi cancellation [# "12 Benshi cancellation" is a middle heading]
[# Illustration 12 (fig51160_12.png, horizontal 485 x vertical 601) is included]
The island is impressed by the fact that "Taiko-san is different."
Mr. Taiko swallowed the water on the podium desk and continued again.
"Some people call me imperialism, but that's a big misconception, and I've worked hard to carry out Tetsujin politics. I think today's kind of democracy is majority politics. I can't get the ideal politics that I thought. I think it's best to gather the opinions of the representatives through associations and unions, as I once did in Osaka. There seems to be various opinions about the conquest of Korea, but in the end, I was the only one who measured Japan's independence in order to become a democracy. I am Japan. I think that you all understand that there was no ambition even if we unified the above. Similarly, the conquest of Korea did not have any ambition. The only purpose was to stabilize the position. "
"Mr. Taiko, let's get rid of the old days, what should we do with the soot problem!"
Umeda shouted in a loud voice.
Mr. Taiko wasn't too surprised by the voice,
"I think it's best to stop smoking. I'm in great agreement with Kagawa-kun's aerial conquest."
"Mr. Taiko has become more radical these days."
The sheep said this.
Mr. Taiko seemed to be very offended to hear this voice,
"I just wanted to say hello and talked a lot, thank you for your attention."
That said, I got off the stage with Sassa.
Mayor Kagawa sent Mr. Taiko to the audience and went to Oshio Heihachiro again and bowed his head. Then, Oshio Heihachiro also accepted the speech. He tied a large mage and stood on the podium with his eyes raised, with his big and small on his waist. Apparently, it looks just like a socialist in the 40th year of the Meiji era.
Mayor Kagawa introduced Mr. Heihachiro Oshio to the chamber.
"Yo Renin!"
"Direct action boss!"
There was something easy in the mouth.
Oshio shouted loudly from the beginning, with a tone of excitement.
"The chimney is the enemy of society. It makes the lungs sick, makes the poor, encourages waste, and disturbs the air. It is the enemy of all the people in society. Without the chimney, the barbarians think that industry will not develop. Die as soon as possible! There are different types of smoke. The chimney I once gave is the best in the smoke! "
"Benshi, cancel!"
Before Oshio's speech went to an interesting point, Constable Oshio was calling the chief of Wakamatsu on the phone, so the chief made a "benshi cancellation" with the credit of canceling Oshio's speech.
The chamber was confused.
"Let's do it !, let's do it, let's do it with Oshio!"
The raccoon dog, the dog, and the rabbit shouted like this!
The cow protested against Chief Wakamatsu.
"I'm overrunning autonomy."
Matsushima jumped at Chief Wakamatsu, and the police officer and Matsushima fought.
The chief ordered the dissolution from the podium.
Mayor Kagawa defended it. "The autonomy of Greater Osaka was overrun by Chief Wakamatsu." However, Chief Wakamatsu excused, "It doesn't matter because the special city system hasn't been established yet."
[# 3 indentation] 13 heroic democratic theory [# "13 heroic democratic theory" is a middle heading]
[# Illustration 13 (fig51160_13.png, width 374 x height 676) is included]
After the dissolution of the city council, Mr. Taiko, Heihachiro Oshio, and Mayor Kagawa drank tea together in the mayor's office.
"It was really fun today. There is nothing like this ..."
When the monkey-faced crowner cut his mouth, Oshio said, "I don't say anything I want to say, and as soon as I stand on the podium, I will stop the benshi, so the police authorities in Osaka are really terrible. There was a point. No, there was still freedom of speech even in the Tokugawa era. "
Toyohiko Kagawa asked Oshio Heihachiro.
"Mr. Oshio, why was the Tokugawa era still better than it is today?"
"At that time, there weren't any capitalists yet, and anyway, when justice and public roads were strongly harmonious, it went to society. Today, newspapers, magazines, parliaments, local governments, etc. However, because everything is capitalized, justice and public roads never pass. Although I say democracy in my mouth, it is money politics after all. The Tokugawa era was only a time when it was still brave. There was nothing dirty about the money. Looking at the state of the city council today, it seems that the members of the Diet are not serious. Everything has been monetized. With this, the mayor of Kagawa struggled to conquer the air. Even if you think about it, it's no good in the end.
However, Mr. Kagawa, I have one idea. I can't say that here ... you, listen a little ... "
When Mayor Kagawa brought his ears to Oshio's lips, Oshio whispered in a small voice, "It's time to clean the smoke tube."
Mr. Taiko grinned when he heard what Oshio said.
"Oshio-kun. You have to think about turning all the power of Osaka City into electricity at this time without doing stingy things like cleaning the smoke tube! With the courage to conquer, I scream for the full power of Osaka City. From that point of view, Rossiya's Renin is great. I like that kind of man. "
Oshio cools it,
"You and Renin have some similarities, so it's reasonable to resonate, but if you've left all of Russia today, you're doing what the extremists are doing now. Will it be? "
"No, I think the radical way is bad. Oh, don't let the human heart go crazy. Humans are strange and heroic. But everyone got tired early because it makes everything mediocre. There must be something a little more idealistic. I'm sorry for the extremists. Rather, this is I think the harmonics of French heroism and the sandicalism with the addition of new idealism are interesting. "
"Mr. Taiko, when did you study things like sandicalism? It's hard to put it in the corner," said Oshio Heihachiro, surprised.
Mr. Taiko's answer to that was a shake.
"Because people from all over the world are gathering in the Netherworld these days, it's smart just to eavesdrop on what they say. They're the ones who come to hell anyway, so they're all smart. Yo "
[# 3 indentation] 14 Mayor's source [# "14 Mayor's source" is a middle heading]
[# Illustration 14 (fig51160_14.png, width 460 x height 566) is included]
"Hey, who brought such a mayor?"
Mr. Yuko Matsushima asked Anjigawa Coal at the entrance of the city council. After the city council was disbanded, they decided to have a drink somewhere and were about to leave.
"I don't know, how did you get the mayor? Do you know?"
Anjikawa replied so and asked again.
"It's a really bad guy. Even if Taiko is still good, it seems that he doesn't have to pull a man who is dating a dangerous person like Oshio Heihachiro, but that is Funaba's mischief. Wonder? "
Funaba-kun came from the opposite direction.
"Hey, Senba-kun, you have to take care of yourself, what should you do with such a dangerous person?"
"I don't know anything"
"Don't you know?"
Matsushima is surprised.
"Why did that man become the mayor of Osaka?" Coal asked mysteriously.
"Saa? Anyway, it's a problem, with today's attitude, there is no choice but to resign."
"Let's get rid of it," exclaimed Kojima.
The voices of Matsushima and Anjigawa were so loud that other city council members who were returning were gathered. There, Matsushima yelled loudly at the entrance of the chamber.
"I'd like to ask you a little, but do you know why the current mayor was made the mayor?"
Cats, raccoon dogs, mice, horses all whispered face to face in a small voice.
"Do you know?"
"I don't know"
"I do not know"
"I don't even know"
Matsushima saw a negative voice running,
"You're really crazy, you're currently a member of the city council, but you don't even know how the current mayor was elected. The city council is really dangerous, isn't it?"
The raccoon shouted out loud.
"Then Matsushima-kun, do you know?"
I thought everyone would get a clear answer from him. However, Matsushima's answer was negative.
"I don't really know either."
Everyone laughed at me.
The rabbit shouted.
"Listen to Mr. Kenzo Koyama-Mr. Koyama may know because the elders of the Osaka business world often pull the mayor."
"Yes, yes, ask the high court detective of the prefecture."
"Ask Shimatoku or Keisuke Miyazaki, you may know that the stock shop is quick to hear."
Therefore, Matsushima called the waiter and made him call in all directions. There was a lot of discussion while I was waiting for the phone.
Some said, "I think I'm the mayor of the government election," while others said, "Because I didn't have a mayor for so long, I should have been appointed by the prefectural governor."
Some people said that they didn't understand because it was unprecedented.
One person insisted, "As long as the current mayor is already the mayor, it should be left as the mayor."
The waiter rushed in.
"Miyazaki-san, Shimatoku-san, detectives, and Koyama-san all said they didn't know."
"Saa, it's hard!", The small mouse snapped his eyes.
[# 3 indentation] 15 mayor myth theory [# "15 mayor myth theory" is a middle heading]
[# Illustration 15 (fig51160_15.png, width 454 x height 597) is included]
Because the source of the mayor is unknown, the theory that there is a close relationship between Mr. Taiko and the current mayor has become influential among various theories.
The rationale is this. The mayor of Kagawa, who is recognized by Toyotomi Taiko, a benefactor of Osaka City, has a stronger recommender than anyone recommends. From the point of view of the main god of Toyokuni Shrine and the traffic, he may have become the mayor by the godly path or by the decree of Amaterasu Omikami. I was saying. This was the claim of the meek cows selected from the region of Tenman Tenjin. However, it was the popular name Kanis Leo, the cat, who opposed this theory.
"The source of the current mayor is clear. It is nothing more than a self-appointed mayor who imitates Russia and seeks to emerge a proletariat. Such a mayor is against the origin of the democratic movement. We have to fight thoroughly. "
When you say this, the horse opposes it,
"Because, Neko-kun, Russia has a political party called the Communist Party, which is a kind of tyranny, but there is no such party in Kagawa, isn't it? So Kagawa imitated Russia. It is wrong to be there. "
In response, the cat replied.
"Still, when I see the place related to Oshio Heihachiro, it smells really good."
The discussion never ended. So, in the end, the horse and the cow went to ask Taiko and Oshio Heihachiro ... because the waiter said that both Taiko and Oshio were still in the mayor's office.
The cow was respectful and asked Mr. Taiko with a bow.
"I have just had a discussion among the city council members, so I would like to ask you, but I would like to ask you a little about what kind of relationship you have with the mayor. Then I think I'm fortunate. "
"Um, be friends"
Mr. Taiko said so quickly. The cow couldn't hear any more.
This time, the horse asked Oshio Heihachiro.
"Why did Mr. Kagawa become the mayor of Osaka?"
"Sora, you know better, because you have a longer relationship with city administration than I do."
I couldn't hear any more horses that were proud of knowing from normal times. The two soon returned to the City Capitol. And the cow and the horse said.
"Taiko seems to have a friendship with the mayor."
"Oshio Heihachiro doesn't seem to be very familiar with city administration."
"Did the mayor of Kagawa ask both of them where they came from?"
Matsushima asked.
The cow was in a rage,
"Um, you know that because you already have a friendship with Taiko," he replied.
There were many who agreed with the cow's answer. Matsushima and Anjigawa opposed it.
"How about your thoughts, Mr. Mazo"
Mazo gave an ambiguous answer to that.
"I don't know. I think it can't be helped once I've become the mayor. If we need a mayor, I think we should leave it as it is ..."
"It seems so! "
"You guys are all blind."
That's right, Matsushima said. Then the rabbit got angry.
"What are we blindly obedient? You are the one who eats human flesh normally in the Joroya business, and ... you are the beast that surpasses the lions and tigers."
There was another quarrel. However, horses and cows arbitrated it and decided to maintain the status quo.
Immediately after that, the voice of "Hurray!" Was heard in front of the city hall like the roar of thunder. The voice did not seem to come from 50,000 or 100,000 mouths. All city councilors hurriedly pulled their heads out of the window.
Mr. Taiko, Oshio Heihachiro, and Mayor Kagawa, who were in the mayor's office, all had their heads out of different windows.
[# 3 indentation] 16 inside and outside the city hall [# "16 inside and outside the city hall" is a middle heading]
[# Illustration 16 (fig51160_16.png, horizontal 478 x vertical 491) is included]
The crowd in front of the city hall was already a great demonstration movement reported extra. Red flags, blue flags, yellow flags, black flags, white flags, triangle flags, flow flags, flags of tens of thousands of workers fill the streets, and the whole city is like a dragon. Met.
Various slogans are drawn on the flag.
The main ones are "release the producers", "we demand the right to life", "we mourn the soot civilization", "buy the chimney", "beyond the deadline", and "buy capitalism". there were.
Mr. Taiko is very happy.
"Even at the time of the conquest of Korea, there weren't so many people ... I wonder if there are hundreds of thousands?"
The mayor answered and said.
"I think there are 560,000 people."
"In the days of Keicho, you can call it 500,000."
Heihachiro Oshio is also impressed.
"It's a well-matched thing, ah, if so many people followed me, I wouldn't have lost the case in February of the 8th year of Tenpo."
Mr. Taiko asked.
"Mr. Kagawa, what is the purpose of this line?"
"I haven't asked yet, but I think I'm insisting on factory management ... wait a minute ... I'll ask you now."
Mayor Kagawa jumped off the second floor and asked one of the people in the procession.
"What is the purpose of this demonstration movement, you?"
"Is this this? This is because a group of capitalists have lowered their wages all at once due to the recession, so we made various requests and moved to the demonstration movement. You are Mr. Kagawa. The reason you do not know It must be no! After all, politics is prohibited in the labor movement, all indirect actions are useless. If you do not act directly, you will not be able to get rid of it. "
The worker went too far by saying this.
Mayor Kagawa came back to the mayor's office, thinking that some workers would say wise things. And to Mr. Taiko,
"It's a recession demonstration," he replied.
"I see, if you look carefully, there seems to be little smoke coming out of the chimney," exclaimed Taiko.
"No, I've just noticed that all the chimneys in the city don't emit smoke, it's really rare for Osaka to see such a sky."
Mayor Kagawa said so.
"When I see that, that's right," Oshio wonders. Certainly, until after noon, the thousands of chimneys of each company that had been rushing out were not emitting smoke as requested.
Mayor Kagawa is very pleased.
"The sky in Osaka has cleared up for the first time in a long time."
However, the people of Yasujigawa Coal and Matsushima Yuhiro who were looking through the next window were surprised.
"This is also because Toyohiko Kagawa was agitated at all. Kagawa convened us in the city council, and while he was away, caused such a turmoil in the companies we were involved with. We have to thoroughly eliminate Kagawa. "
If you look at the city from the window, thousands of police officers in white clothes pass by. Seeing that, Mr. Taiko asked the mayor.
"What is that?"
"That is a police officer who cracks down on the demonstration movement."
"Fum!" Taiko is surprised.
"Don't be surprised at this. It's safe to assume that there are more than half of the plainclothes police officers in this procession."
"Hey?" Heihachiro Oshio is surprised this time.
"Then, what is this procession? It's not just the procession of workers. The government is also helping," Taiko asked.
"I'm not helping. Mr. Taiko, there are many dangerous people, so there is one police officer for each person, so if there is a line of 1,000 people, it will be a line of 2,000 people, 10,000 people. In a procession of people, there are 20,000 people. "
"Fum, the Japanese government is spending a lot of money on dangerous thoughts, isn't it?"
"It seems that there are 110 million yen in prison and police expenses."
"You can conquer Korea," said Taiko.
[# 3 indentation] 17 Yodoyabashi meditation [# "17 Yodoyabashi meditation" is a middle heading]
[# Illustration 17 (fig51160_17.png, width 465 x height 353) is included]
After the great demonstration movement passed and Taiko and Heihachiro Oshio returned, Mayor Kagawa also decided to pull him up to his private house.
His private house is located at the southern end of Osaka City, behind the Kichin-yado in the back shrine, and the size of the house is 9 tatami mats, 2 tatami mats in the back, and 3 tatami mats in the front.
He had been waiting for a long time at the Oebashi stop to get on the train, but the train did not come even if he waited enough or 20 minutes. What I noticed was that all the tram employees were also on strike.
――I was shown such a big demonstration movement earlier, and I was ashamed that I had forgotten it early ... I was ashamed that I was too vague myself, so I decided to hurry and walk back to the slums of the back shrine. ..
He walked along Yodoyabashi-suji and thought about city planning in various ways.
――The city plan that was made during the time of Mayor Ikegami was to expand the Yodoya Bridge line in a straight line and make it the largest road in Osaka City.
However, he thought. Osaka City does not have a high-speed railway, nor does it have a diagonal road that cuts diagonally through the city. All roads are connected by a 90 degree angle. In other words, it can only be considered that the city planning committee had the brain of 90 degrees.
So, if he could still occupy a chair for several months as the mayor, he thought that he would have to make a new idealistic city plan again and make a wave in the city council. He also built a house with a square of 87 and a half to a corner of 77 and a third, instead of the buzzing and uninteresting corner of 90 degree construction as it is today. I ordered it and thought that I had to add the beauty of the city. Even on the road, it is laid out with the unnatural asphalt as it is today, and the subsystems that make black soil elastic like rubber by chemical action instead of wooden bricks, and also have properties that are harder than wooden bricks. I wanted to do it.
He also thought about the fate of commerce. I wondered when the commercial system, as it is today, would be abolished and a consumer union-based exchange system would come. Thinking this way, the consumer union Osaka Kyoeisha and the Kobe Purchasing Union, which he is related to, came to my mind, and I thought as if I was worried about the monthly deficiency.
Yodoya Hashisuji is still rushing around the storefront even if there is a strike in the whole city. However, all of them looked like blue-faced faces with lung disease, and he felt the need to abolish the smoke tube.
It took about an hour for him to finally arrive at Ebisu Town and came back to the slums in the back shrine.
When I returned home, there were dozens of Gorotsuki waiting in front of his house.
As soon as I saw him, one of them shouted out.
"Hey, Kagawa, you said that you instigated the workers and told them not to make any smoke from the chimneys in Osaka ... I'd like to hear from you."
[# 3 indentation] 18 violence and truth [# "18 violence and truth" is a middle heading]
[# Illustration 18 (fig51160_18.png, horizontal 448 x vertical 404) is included]
You don't have to be the mayor, so it makes me sad to think that you will be bullied by Gorotsuki again.
"Hey, Kagawa, you say that you should prevent smoke from coming out of the chimneys of Osaka City, you should try what you can or cannot do! Why do you turn the machine? "
"You can turn it with electricity!"
"That electricity! If there is no smoke, it won't happen!"
"It's caused by hydraulic power!"
"What is hydraulic power! I don't understand at all! You don't crush my face by saying such a thing-Kora Kagawa, you know my face. I'm hen, pompon, but I'm the one dry part of "Onbiki Tiger", "Kobun", the snake-eyed Kumagoro. Today, I came to get one of your neckballs! Momaa, today in the Taisho era, Heihachiro Oshio called him back from the dead, ah, I can't help even seeing your face! "
With that said, the Janome bear spit on the mayor's face. Mayor Kagawa was silent because he was familiar with the psychology of slums. And without wiping the spit that had been spit on him, he waited for the sun to dry.
The dry parts of the bears with snake eyes
"He's a very fat guy. I'll dry the spit that's been spit on the sun," he said.
This time, the bear hit Kagawa's left cheek with all his might.
"Hey, Kagawa, are you trying to make Osaka citizens agitated? I'm thinking about the need for a smoke tube from the idea of ​​Tadashi-kun's patriotism. I'm sure he's trying to incite workers to destroy the smoke tube .... If I still haven't learned, I'll do it. "
The bear took Kagawa's chest and pulled it down on the soil, and stepped on and kicked so much that he fainted because he wanted to get close to Inui. However, Kagawa did not rebel. I knew well that borrowing lonely violence wouldn't help me to work hard in a world where violence governs. He had an unfamiliar look, whether beaten or kicked by the theory that the only winner of violence was the truth. Curiously, he didn't feel any pain when kicked or beaten.
The enemy finally flashed a white blade in the daytime and slashed him. He was stabbed in the crotch. Still he was silent.
He was silent while being pushed down onto the ground. No one comes to help. Neither the policeman nor the inspector came. Police, who knew he was a dangerous person, were delighted to hear that he was being bullied by Gorotsuki.
The snake-eye bear said something like this to the swordsman white 《Sutezerifu》 and pulled it up.
"You, the Mayor of Osaka, are cheeky. What kind of politics do you know when you live in a slum in the back shrine? It's not the place where the lower ones come out. Like you, who has been a beggar since he was young and has fallen into the palace after this, and now the mayor of Osaka is crushing. Do you trust me? Kora Kagawa, get to know yourself! I'll save only life. Instead, as soon as you get upset, leave here and leave for a distant country! I'll chop it into fine dust like a beggar. Remember that! "
With that said, the group of Gorotsuki pulled up.
[# 3 indentation] 19 slums with 2 tatami mats [# "19 slums with 2 tatami mats" is a middle heading]
[# Illustration 19 (fig51160_19.png, width 466 x height 368) is included]
Mayor Kagawa did not heal the wounds that were beaten or slashed, so he fell asleep between the two tatami mats of the slums for a week.
However, during that time, it was Taihei Tenka. If I didn't have to worry about the city council, I didn't have to worry about the operation of the world. Forgetting everything about politics, economy, philosophy, art, just lying on your back, staring at the ceiling, or between the narrow tatami mats, because you only think that the wound should heal quickly. Looking at the four corners, I fell from fantasy to fantasy.
He is a poet only at such times. He never dents in difficulty. That is because "poetry" helps him.
He dreamed of Ryugu on a bed of two tatami mats and drew the illusion of the Japanese Alps. No, he thought of the two tatami mats as a hall of a palace and dreamed of an indoor trip.
Matsushima is in the north corner, Befu is in the south corner, Lake Chuzenji is in the east, and the island near the cause of the Seto Inland Sea is in the west.
While sleeping, he traveled by boat from Matsushima to Inoshima in his head, and also traveled by train from Beppu to Lake Chuzenji.
When he was reading an advertisement on a newspaper on the wall, he discovered the shape of a large island, and from Yarigatake in the Japanese Alps, he could see the mountains of Hotaka and Goro Noguchi. Mayor Hegagawa is a patient with severe astigmatism. He often studies his face with attention to his beauty, but the beauty in his eyes occasionally lacks his nose, his eyes are flying, and his chin is immediately attached to his forehead. There is a deep psychology in this area that he thinks of the mountain range of the Japanese Alps in newspaper advertisements. I don't really know what makes me happy.
Anyway, he has a mysterious eye to discover the wonders of nature in the sooted wood grain, the torn shoji, and the broken sliding door, and even Mr. Taiko has such a mysterious eye. It wasn't there.
While he was devouring the pleasure of life in the Fushimaden (?) Of the Nitatami mat palace like this, he saw a tragedy that was truly impossible in human society in the Nagaya on both sides of the road.
First, in the slums of the back shrine, all the trees called trees die due to smoke. The aunt who picks up the rope scraps next door laughs at the morning glory flowers blooming black due to soot, and complains that the flowerpots are dying from one piece.
It suffices as long as the plants die. Aka-bo is dying. Two red boys in the neighborhood died during the seven days. Both have pneumonia.
The old man cleaning the chimney next door also died. From 5 am to 8 pm, an old man who was walking with palm trees on the tip of a long split bamboo died. The old man who had been cleaning the smoke tube for a day with his forehead, cheeks, chin, and neck all black died. He paid homage to the casket that left the Nagaya while sleeping, and thought that there was a big gap in the world.
[# 3 indentation] 20 Ebisuya Yoshibei [# "20 Ebisuya Yoshibei" is the middle heading]
[# Illustration 20 (fig51160_20.png, width 466 x height 569) is included]
He was able to walk little by little while dragging his legs, so he tried to go for a walk to the front of the slums. When I stayed in the slums for a long time, I felt like I was vomiting. The slums in the back shrine are so terrible that the smoke makes me feel stuffy, even if the small house doesn't bother me. Besides, coke is laid on the road, so it's still unbearable. He felt that the coke-colored civilization had become amiable. There are a large number of people with lung disease in slums. Coughing voices can be heard here and there in the middle of the night. It is said that 150,000 people fall down due to lung disease every year in Japan, but it can be seen that the reason why there are so many people with lung disease in Osaka is that they are in slums. All the rich flee to the suburbs, but the poor, who have no money to flee, have no choice but to get caught in the smoke and die.
Mayor Kagawa was sick and felt a sense of conquest in the air.
Mayor Kagawa was able to walk a little far, so I went to the blanket wholesaler Ebisuya Yoshibei in Bakuromachi 5-chome for the first time in a while. I had a good relationship with Mr. Yoshibei because of the purchasing union, so I went out to hear the theory of Senba.
As soon as he entered the store of Mr. Yoshibei, he said.
"Mr. Kagawa, I can't conquer the air. The pine trees inside have finally been destroyed."
When I asked again, "What happened?"
It was that the pine trees in the garden died due to the soot.
If you ask, "So, do you agree with my aerial conquest?"
"Of course, Mr. Kagawa, does anyone like this kind of smoke?"
"But, Mr. Yoshibei, there are people who say that the smoke is good."
"What happened again?"
"I was finally done this street for that."
Mayor Kagawa pointed to his thigh and told the whole story of the injury.
"It was hard ... I don't see anything in the newspaper, so don't give me a sympathy ..."
"But I'll do it, I'm fighting hard."
"Do a lot ... about that, there's actually an interesting story. Well, take your time today. I'll tell you an interesting story. Let's have dinner together."
Mayor Kagawa decided to have a supper treat at Mr. Yoshibei because it was kindly said.
Mr. Yoshibei's wife, Mr. Hiroko Kim, also came out. My daughter Tsuneko also came down from the second floor. And I was in a hurry to prepare dinner.
Mr. Yoshibei started talking while smiling like Mr. Ebisusan.
"Hey, Mr. Kagawa, there must have been a person named Anjikawa who opposed you at the city council the other day. That person's daughter is in the same class as my daughter at a girls' school."
"Fum, is that so? What happened again?"
"However, the girl has a bad lung and is taking a rest in Ashiya ... It's already very good. That person resonates more with your theory, Since that day, he has been having a big fight with his father every day. "
"What the daughter says is exactly the same as what you say, and I got lung disease because there is a lot of soot in Osaka City, so Mayor Kagawa who is doing the soot prevention campaign It's supposed to be a benefactor of Osaka City, but it's really not possible for a father to tease him in the city council like his own business. For this reason, he wants to be added to one of Mr. Kagawa's allies and participate in the aerial conquest movement. "
"Hmm, then I have a sympathizer."
Mayor Kagawa became good at saying that.
[# 3 indentation] 21 Young daughter's anguish [# "21 Young daughter's anguish" is a middle heading]
[# Illustration 21 (fig51160_21.png, horizontal 454 x vertical 297) is included]
"But I want to talk about the future."
"Hehe, haven't you finished talking yet?"
Mr. Yoshibei wrinkled the tip of his nose and told the mayor of Kagawa an interesting look.
"From now on, Mr. Kagawa, are you in a friendly relationship with a person named Nobuyuki Shimamura? Anyone who left Waseda, was the chief of the Osaka Machinery Labor Union. He seems to be the one who is ... "
"Yes, I know it well, Mr. Shimamura ... what happened?"
"That person is Mr. Kikuko, but he seems to be very hot with Mr. Shimamura ... So, I want Mr. Kagawa to talk to me and join me. Is the hope of both of them. "
"That was a problem. Ajikawa is against me so much, but is my daughter still having a bad lung? Isn't Funaba's daughter also bad?"
"Everyone has one or two people with bad lungs in their homes. People living in Osaka must think that it is inevitable ... But what about you, Mr. Kikuko? Would you like to become a matchmaker with Mr. Shimamura? "
Mayor Kagawa was suddenly attacked by a short soldier and became very weak.
"Ebisuya-san, Yasujikawa-kun is no good. That man is angry when I say it and never listens. Rather, I think it's better to have you go."
"No, but my father doesn't trust me. I can't help but think that my daughter's free love is a bad girl's job. I'm at Mr. Anjikawa. When you get out, you'll feel like I've been tempted. "
"What kind of daughter is Kikuko? I want to meet you."
"It's cheap. I'm here again today, and I'm on the second floor right now, so I'll call you ..."
My daughter Tsuneko jumped upstairs and called Kikuko-san.
It is a familiar face somewhere. As I was thinking about it, I found out that she was a daughter who often came to listen to speeches. I have now remembered that I have a relationship with Mr. Shimamura. After greeting all the way, Kikuko asked shamefully.
"Teacher, is free love a good thing? My father is very opposed to it ..."
"I think romance must be free."
"I'm happy! I'm relieved with this. I was in agony because no one would give me a clear answer."
Mr. Yoshibei's wife, Mr. Hiroko, kissed there.
"Mr. Kagawa, you know, Mr. Matsushima, that bad-mouthed Yukaku, that son has already promised only his father."
Mr. Yoshibei said in addition to that.
"My fathers are thinking of bringing them together this fall, but they are running away saying they don't like it."
[# 3 indentation] 22 Yodo-kun's worries [# "22 Yodo-kun's worries" is a middle heading]
[# Illustration 22 (fig51160_22.png, horizontal 443 x vertical 331) is included]
"Mr. Kikuko, how did you get to know Mr. Shimamura?"
Mr. Kikuko stayed down
"I got to know you on the way home from the speech."
"Since then, have you been dating often?"
Hiroko smiled on her cheek while
"That's why they are so enthusiastic that Mr. Anjikawa's father is so noisy that he puts a letter in the soap box and exchanges it in the bath. At the right time, Mr. Shimamura said Kikuko. I'm going to take a bath near Mr. San and exchange letters there. That's what I'm enthusiastic about, so I wonder how much it would be if the two of us were together. "
Mr. Kikuko is embarrassed to write on the tatami mat while facing down.
Tsuneko looks interesting,
"It seems that about fifty letters have already been collected. Mr. Kikuko!"
"Lie! Tsune-chan, you can't say that."
"Because it's true, why don't we all tell and ask!"
Mayor Kagawa is impressed to hear Kikuko Yasujikawa's passionate love.
"Fum, the world is changing, I wonder if my daughter in Osaka can now have such a passionate love. I thought that the girl in Osaka who grew up in this smoke couldn't do anything in love. I was there. "
"Well terrible!" Kikuko shouted.
"It's true. It's true."
And Mr. Yoshibei agreed with Mayor Kagawa.
"In fact, until today, I carefully locked my daughter in the back and raised it into a blue gourd, and put it on the other side like an item. The daughter of Senba was quoted as a boxed daughter. That's why even boys grow up in that style, so I often made mistakes and instead made the maid conceive a child, causing a house turmoil. Currently, Kikuko is going to go. Mr. Matsushima's son, who has become the president, made a big uproar by running down with his daughter and this year's New Year .... It is actually impossible because he is going to get Mr. Kikuko there. "
The head of the group was Mayor Kagawa
I was informed that "a person has been seen".
When Mayor Kagawa asked, "Who is it?"
"I'm an elegant and strange person. You're wearing a kimono that you can wear even at the time of the encyclopedia."
"Hatena? Who is it?"
"I'm like a palace," the clerk adds.
"Then I'll see you."
Hiroko ran after saying so. And come back soon,
"It's a rare person, Yodo-kun, you asked Taiko-san ... Would you like to let me know? When the main character of the aerial conquest was welcomed as a customer, something strange happened to me. We have no idea, but ... "Hiroko is surprised.
"Please, if you don't mind at home, would you please let me through?"
Hiroko guided Yodo and came back from the store to the back. Indeed, Yodo-kun wears a costume that he can wear even at the time of the encyclopedia, and wears a dozen uchikake on top of heavy makeup. And now, it seems that he has just come out from the depths of the Toyotomi family.
[# 3 indentation] A few Koi no Kemuri Osaka [# "A few Koi no Kemuri Osaka" is a middle heading]
[# Illustration 23 (fig51160_23.png, width 326 x height 663) is included]
Yodo-kun has nothing to do, but Taiko-san left the castle about a week ago and couldn't come back, so he was told that he was worried about asking around.
It is interesting that Yodo-kun is told.
"When I look out from the depths for the first time in 300 years, the world looks really ugly. That smoke-breathing chimney is as beautiful as it used to be, and the world is beautiful with cherry blossoms and wisteria. Today there is smoke, but today the flowers and autumn leaves are all smokey. "
Yodo-kun was quietly told today in a dialect like the people in the mountains of Mikawa. Mayor Kagawa was also moved by the graceful and beautiful words and attitude.
Mayor Kagawa was asked about his wife by Yodo, so
Yodo smiled and answered, "Actually, Yodo-kun, I'm pregnant and it's dangerous to leave it in the slums, so I left it in the countryside."
It is said, "It's a sign that I really want to see it. Anyway, Fuchu is noisy, and if it's smokey like Osaka, it touches the princess's body."
Mr. Yoshibei introduced Yodo to his daughter, Tsuneko, and Yasujigawa's daughter, Kikuko.
Yodo-kun is said to be familiar with Kikuko-san. Kikuko was surprised
When asked, "Why do you know me?", He says he knows because he often goes for a walk with young people to the side of the moat.
Kikuko blushes and looks down.
Yodo comforted it,
"It's a good thing to fall in love when you're young. It's a good thing to let people fall in love without love. It's only in the work of Shirabyoshi. I see that I still buy and sell my daughter for business. | Premature ejaculation: It's true that I'm guilty. It's worth living for love. The life and thoughts of a certain maiden, "Let's do it."
"Then, Yodo-kun, do you recognize the freedom of love?"
"Sanshi". If you don't fall in love, your life will be tasteless and the flowers will look like something without sex appeal. "
Yodo-kun's reply is very exciting. As expected, everyone felt that after Taiko's death, he had only turned around the world by himself.
"Isn't Taiko a little prodigal?"
When I heard that Mayor Kagawa rushed in, Yodo-kun said
The answer is, "Until I find true love in me, Taiko is at a loss."
When the mayor asked, "Love is difficult," Yodo said.
The answer is, "Love is ephemeral in proletarians." Everyone laughed at Yodo-kun because he pronounced the word "proletarian". Yodo continued.
"Like Osaka, in a city full of smoke, there is no way to achieve a beautiful love. I'm just afraid of the smoke of love."
I see, Yodo-kun was wise, and Mayor Kagawa was impressed.
"In Osaka, even love is smoking. Even love is smoking!"
Yodo-kun was really wise to say that the people living side by side were amazed.
In the meantime, the dinner was ready, so I recommended Yodo to eat, but Yodo tried to leave because he didn't mind if he didn't meet Taiko.
So the mayor of Kagawa
"Yodo-kun, do you have any idea where Taiko is?"
"No, no, I've been searching for a week, but I can't find it, and I can't help but feel weak."
Mr. Yoshibei put his mouth in there,
"Mr. Kagawa, this is probably Shogoro Matsushima's mischief. Mr. Taiko is surely captivated by Matsushima Yuko .... I'll call you for a moment."
[# 3 indentation] Mr. Taiko who was made alive [# "Twenty-four Mr. Taiko who was made alive" is a middle heading]
[# Illustration 24 (fig51160_24.png, horizontal 454 x vertical 469) is included]
When I called, I found out that Mr. Taiko was in Matsushima Yuko.
Yodo-kun was pleased while doing a sparrow dance, but Yoshibei-san was not talented.
"Yodo-kun, Matsushima Yuko is dangerous if you are alone. Especially if you do that, there are a lot of things and Yujiro" Yuyarou "in the daytime, so it is not guaranteed that you will not be violent, so I will follow you. Let's do it. "
"No, I'll go," exclaimed Mayor Kagawa.
"Are you an enemy in the city council with Matsushima? You'll be beaten again. I'll go for you."
Then Yodo-kun and Yoshibei-san drove to Matsushima Yuko. Then, when I arrived at Shogoro Matsushima's house, I was in the middle of a parent-child quarrel at Shogoro's house.
Mr. Yoshibei and Mr. Yodo stood at the front door because I thought it would be bad to go inside immediately. It seems that the fight is centered around the love affair of his son.
"I can't stay in this house because my personality is overrun, so I'm leaving only today."
"If you go out, go out. Spit blood and slap quickly."
"Instead of going out, I'll take Yuko with me."
"Take me on your own! If it's something that has cost you from 3,000 yen so far, can you do it freely!"
"What is 3,000 yen! Can you buy love with money!"
"Noisy! Damn cheeky, our business is sex appeal! Isn't it sex appeal! Don't you know that!"
It seems to be Taiko's voice.
There is a voice saying, "It's good! It's good!"
Here and there, Mr. Yoshibei shouted,
"Excuse me! Excuse me!"
I could see my son passing from the back to the next while wiping his tears.
The maid came out from the back room as an intermediary.
"Is Taiko Han coming? I have a little business, and I've been guiding you with me now."
"Wait a minute"
The maid went into the back and asked her husband, Shogoro, something.
In the meantime, in the voice of Mr. Taiko,
"Shogoro, hey! Please come back, hey."
There is a voice. I thought it was strange, so Mr. Yoshibei went into the back room by himself.
To my surprise, Mr. Taiko was lying down in the basket and imitating a monkey.
Matsushima sees Yoshibei's face
"Who are you!"
"You! Shogoro-san, you must know Yoshibei of Motara-ya. You are also a terrible person, humble and wasteful, but you are the first-ranked Daijo-daijin Kampaku Daijo-daijin Hashiba Chikuzen Mori Hideyoshi. What happened to the sentence! "
"Why, because I touched my tantrum, I had to keep Taiko-san alive!"
"What's wrong?"
"Why, Taiko-san does something that interferes with our business, so I've kept him in a basket for seven days to discipline him ... It's a thing, I'm just Taiko-san, so don't cry at all. "
"What is the cause?"
"It's easy to ask Mr. Sora Taiko ... I can't touch the tantrum and have a bad mouth."
Mr. Yoshibei asked Mr. Taiko, who was sullenly in the basket, why he was imprisoned.
[# 3 indentation] 25 world-class corruption [# "25 world-class corruption" is a middle heading]
[# Illustration 25 (fig51160_25.png, width 458 x height 438) is included]
"What happened to Mr. Taiko?"
"Nothing, I blame myself for being a madman saying that it's not good to have so many prostitutes in one place."
"It seems that Shogoro-san is going crazy these days."
"Mr. Yoshibei, please be careful. I'm a little crazy, and I'm just on the same level as the world."
"Is it the same as the world to be a girl shop?"
"Yeah, I want money, I'm going to do a maiden shop business. I don't want money, it's just like the world ... You're the only one who wants money. "
"No, Shogoro-han, I'm not thinking about making any money these days."
"Don't cheat"
"I'm not cheating. I'm still a director of the consumer union."
"What is a consumer co-op?"
"Get Taiko out of the basket, and I'll talk to you."
"I'm in trouble ... Then, let's escape the monkey from the smile of Mr. Yoshibei of Ebisuya?"
Shogoro, with the help of Yoshibei, removed the large stone that had been placed on the basket and took Taiko out of the basket.
Mr. Taiko
"Well, this helped me, we would have been worried. Goodbye."
"Mr. Taiko, Mr. Yodo is coming to pick you up at the entrance."
"Um, is that so?"
Taiko quietly went out to the front. Shogoro also ran to the front door when he heard the name Yodo-kun. And I'm staring at Yodo-kun's face. And I was impressed by myself and saw off Taiko and Yodo leaving the gate.
"That ball is a good thing, and if I do that, I'll give you 10,000 cars. Taiko-san will have a good ball after all."
Mr. Yoshibei scolded Shogoro from the back, saying, "Don't be stupid!"
When he noticed it, Shogoro flew into the back, but when he saw that the basket was empty, he saw it.
"It was a pity. I was put on Mr. Yoshibei's mouth and finally let Mr. Taiko escape. I said something. Mr. Ebisu, I said that there is a business that does not think about making money. In other words, what is it? If you do so, you will not have to pay the interest of the bank! Actually, I am having trouble with the interest of 20,000 yen, and if I stop Taiko, I will bury it in the empty moat 《Karabori》 I was wondering if there was only one loyal vassal who would bring me even one Senryobako. You came there, I brought you about one Senryobako. I'm thinking about it. "
"I don't think I'll just think about what I want again ... But if I meet Shogoro-san or Taiko-san in a basket or something, I'm sure the punishment will hit me."
"That's right."
"What happened?"
[# 3 indentation] 26 Taiko's theory of free business closure [# "26 Taiko's theory of free business closure" is a middle heading]
[# Illustration 26 (fig51160_26.png, horizontal 461 x vertical 409) is included]
Matsushima caught up with Yoshibei's question and started talking.
"How, this way ... I thought I'd play Taiko a little, and after that city council was over, I picked him up by car with Mr. Anjikawa and others, and the geisha also I was called by thirty people, and I made a big splurge that night. Well, when I asked which woman liked it, Mr. Taiko said, "I am a public geisha system. I agree with the free business closure because I think it is a bad system in the world, but I don't even think about playing with a woman who bought it for money. " By insulting us on the public seats and upstairs of the teahouse like a military roadside speech, I, as a mukamuka,
When asked, "Then I'll ask Taiko-san, did you have a concubine," he said, "I used my money to play with the woman's sex appeal." Don't touch the concubine because it says "No"
"In a world where smoke tubes stand, assigning a woman to a color-hungry craftsman is one of the philanthropic projects," he said.
Then, Mr. Taiko said, "There is no such mistake, it is true that everything is uniformly given a legitimate bride, and I set up a smoke tube and filled the lust of the craftsmen who gathered under it. Because of her, she doesn't have a shallow amount of money like doing a Joroya business. "Human beings are different from products" and so on.
‥ …… I'm not doing it. "Vomiting anything, the decriminalization system is necessary and indispensable to prevent syphilis," he said.
In response to Taiko ... "Syphilis was not known to Japan during the Keicho era. The world was disgusted by making money and spread to the world, and if Yoshiwara's girl shop stood in Edo and spread to Japan, that was a bad result of the public prostitution system. " I thought I couldn't win very much, so I'm going to lie down. Actually, I was worried that there might be a curse of Toyokuni Shrine even if I was lying down. …… But after all, there are things that do water business. My son at home doesn't ask me to run away by catching a ball that I paid 3,000 yen. "
"Is your son Kenichi, who you didn't like to get me Kikuko from Yasujigawa the other day?"
"Okay! "
"I didn't have a big quarrel earlier!"
"Saa, that's a punishment, isn't it?
"It's a good idea to make money with the blood and flesh of a human daughter ..."
"But Yoshibei-san, is that wrong?"
"Does that mean that Kikuko-san?"
"I'm going to get that girl and take the 20,000 yen I borrowed from Anjikawa Han as a stick ... Anyway, I'm a lung disease girl, even if I put 20,000 yen on it, I'm getting it today. Something is wrong. "
"Buyers are free, first this Shogoro Matsushima!"
"So chilly things and crazy!"
"But Shogoro-han, listen carefully, do you mean that your son-han will run away with the ball you put out for 3,000 yen! Who should you get your wife? It ’s yours, it ’s your son. ”
"Sora son is crazy"
"Because my son shouldn't be a married couple with a lung sick person."
"If I confess, I don't want a daughter with lung disease at home, but I want only money. If I get only money, I don't think I should leave my daughter in the field or in the mountains."
"Oh, scary, scary ... Shogoro-san, I'm going to go home. It would be a problem if I was thrown into the fields or mountains."
Mr. Yoshibei bowed three or four and left the gate of Tokiwaro.
There were many faces of prostitutes for sale at the entrance.
[# 3 indentation] 27 Higashi-Yokobori River [# "27 Higashi-Yokobori River" is a middle heading]
[# Illustration 27 (fig51160_27.png, width 470 x height 593) is included]
After Taiko's problem was over, Yoshibei flew back to Bakuromachi, but neither Mayor Kagawa nor Kikuko was there anymore. When I asked Hiroko, I happened to ask Mayor Kagawa, and he said that Shimamura, Kikuko, and the mayor would go for a walk because Shimamura had come.
Actually, the three of them were taking a walk around the Higashi-Yokobori River, no matter where they were.
However, Mayor Kagawa cut off the conversation with Sassa on the way because he was not an unreadable man in the heart of the young man so that he could not understand Shimamura's intentions, and left them back to the slums. The conversation between them was as sweet as honey. At the same time, it was pessimistic.
"Kiku-chan, I can't help being pessimistic these days .... what's wrong?"
"Me too ... I'm dying."
"What's wrong? Love is really painful."
"Really ... I don't know if I'll have to go home from tonight?"
"I will be scolded by my father again!"
"It's nothing like being scolded by my father, isn't love stronger than death?"
The two came to the shore of Koraibashi and stopped. Kikuko is crying.
"Kiku-chan, why are you crying!"
“………………”
"Kiku-chan, if you cry, I'll be sad too."
Shimamura is also crying.
The two stopped by the parapet of Korai Bridge and cried for a while. However, it wasn't fun to cry too much, so Kikuko stared at the beautiful reflection of the gas light in the water flowing under the bridge.
Shimamura is still crying. It is so beautiful that the light flowing over the water expands and contracts. The muddy Yokobori River looks like the spring water in the Ryugu when viewed with the light of an electric lamp.
Kikuko was so attracted to her beauty that she forgot that Shimamura was crying.
Comparing the flowing water, my love, and Osaka at night, which is beautiful with the brilliance of the lamp, it was so strange that I was struck by myself.
In particular, Shimamura was sentimental despite being a big man and was crying while leaning against the railing of the bridge, so it was so novel that Kikuko became a little strange and giggled.
Then, Shimamura also hides his face with a sword and laughs. When the laughter continued for a while, Shimamura
"It's funny, Kikuko-san, why does love make humans so sentimental? I don't have to cry, but I'm crying all the time."
When I said this, Kikuko who was laughing started crying again.
"Hey, Shin-chan, I'm sad that humans have to laugh. Why did God make a contradiction like laughter in this world full of sorrow? Let's do it. "
When I said that, Shimamura, who was laughing until a moment ago, started crying again.
"Really, Kiku-chan, I wasn't the one who forgets myself for cheap laughter, but I had a big mission to destroy this bourgeois culture, I laugh for the rest of my life. No, I'll use tears as a lifelong food and let my corpse be soaked in the sorrow of proletarians. "
Although I said this, the words that I said was so sentimental that crying was my lifelong mission came out at the tip of my tongue before it was dry.
[# 3 indentation] 28 Death Victory II [# "28 Death Victory II" is a middle heading]
[# Illustration 28 (fig51160_28.png, horizontal 494 x vertical 382) is included]
While they were drunk with the blood of youth and crying and laughing, the night dandruffed and it was too early at 12 o'clock.
Finally Kikuko said she couldn't go home anymore.
"I want to die. Hey, Mr. Shimamura, can you die with me?"
Shimamura thought that Kikuko was testing it, so
"Kiku-chan, if you have seven lives, let alone this life, I'll give you all seven."
"Then, can you keep in mind with me?"
"I'm happy with you, whatever you have in your heart."
"Then, let's die on the dead river of Osomekumatsu."
Kikuko walked to the vicinity of Amishima as if pulling Shimamura.
Shimamura was enthusiastic about dying. Now I was looking forward to getting closer to the world of emptiness that he had been thinking about. Kikuko was delighted to think that she could imitate Danunchio's "Triumph of Death," which she had read the day before yesterday.
"Nobu-chan, death is a victory!"
"Yeah, Kiku-chan, the void is the last rest! There is nothing! If you give us no one, we will not receive anyone. If the love between the two does not succeed, We just choose to die! Nothing? No? 噫! We are finally the losers of life! "
"I'm not a loser. Shin-chan, I don't want to die as a loser ... If you say that, I won't die!"
Kikuko is confused before her death.
"Please forgive me. Kiku-chan, death was a victory for you."
"Yes, death is a victory. You say death is a defeat, so I don't want to die ... and do you think death is a victory?"
"I don't know! I don't know anything. Nothing ... I don't know."
"I can't rely on you. You say death is a victory."
"Void is the end point of everything"
"Then I can't die ... You say the same thing as Georges in Danuncio's novel Triumph of Death."
"I haven't read the novel."
"I don't know, you! If you're thinking about it in a modern way, you'll have to read about one" The Triumph of Death "."
"Ja Kiku-chan, are you imitating the novel?"
"It's not imitation, but ... I want to feel the feeling of being in it."
Shimamura knew that he was far from Kikuko's mood. However, Shimamura was very tired of his life and was curious about a big change, so he was willing to die. In particular, Kikuko, who tempts her to death, is so beautiful that she just wanted to follow her wherever she was guided by the genie of beauty.
The two walked from Amishima to the riverbank of the Mint and asked where they would die.
Where I thought it was here, Taiko Nozomi was fishing in the middle of the night, and when I decided to go here, a ship came from the river, so I couldn't die easily.
So, I went to the countryside about the Zunzun River.
[# 3 indentation] 29 Shinju, wait a moment [# "29 Shinju, wait a minute" is a middle heading]
[# Illustration 29 (fig51160_29.png, horizontal 465 x vertical 393) is included]
In the unknown bank of the Yodo River, when the two of them tied their hands together or tied their torso together, there was something that made the sound of water in the river. The two stood at the water's edge in a hurry to hurry to death before they could be stopped by others. And
"Namu Amida Butsu!"
When I was about to jump into the water
"Wait a minute! "
There is something that screams from the middle of the river.
There is something strange. I thought that no one would be there, and I thought that I would lose if I died because I prepared to die, and when they often looked in the river, the water surface was a mage, the 16th and 7th daughters. The color man tied to the 24th and 5th Chung swords, which seems to be a tradesman, puts out two necks side by side like a turtle and a turtle.
"Young people should not be early"
The screaming from the river so much surprised the nihilistic young man, and the little girl who believed in the gospel of "The Triumph of Death" just snapped her eyes and looked at each other. ..
"What is that?"
Kikuko shouted like this.
"I wonder, it's like Dozaemon."
"It's different from Dozaemon! We're also shinju. Wait a minute. Now, we're both going up to the shore."
With that said, the woman's neck and the man's neck swam to the shore.
The two who are not afraid of dying have to be afraid if Chung Takao stops him from dying from the river. I was surprised to see that the neck of Orie, who had been abandoned in Rokutan Pond, had floated upside down.
Then, the man of Chung and the woman of Tangjin quietly came up to the shore. And thank you respectfully
"I'm Hisamatsu from Nozaki Village ... This girl is dyed by an oil shop."
Shimamura and Kikuko didn't know what kind of greeting to say because it was unexpected to meet Osomekumatsu in such a place, so they went down silently.
Then, Ozome opened her lips like a cute flower bud and asked Kikuko.
"What kind of hardship did you have, my daughter, Ito, and did you have such an amount of things that you could do in your heart?"
Kikuko is just here,
"Do you know Danunchio's novel" Triumph of Death "?"
Don't move the dye to one of the muscles of the face like a dead person
"Daughter, what's wrong with that?"
Kikuko's answer to dyeing is far from her own question, so while blushing her cheeks,
"You're not enough to tell. You don't even know Danunchio's Triumph of Death."
"Daughter, what's wrong with that?"
"The way you have in mind is that it's old."
Kikuko caught the dyeing and started a lecture in her heart.
"We're different from your time, hey, dye. Because the economic organization has changed compared to your feudal era, even romance is under the pressure of capitalism. I wish I had only fought the family system in your time, but we have to fight the bourgeoisie, and my dad is bull. That's why my love can't be achieved. is"
[# 3 indentation] 30 into the people [# "30 into the people" is the middle heading]
[# Illustration 30 (fig51160_30.png, width 450 x height 548) is included]
Ozome had been thinking about what Kikuko said for a long time,
"My cousin, I don't understand what you are saying at all. It seems that your heart seems to come from a book, isn't it?"
"Book? What is a book?"
"Isn't it too much of a Western book?"
"What's in your heart is a rash on a book?"
Kikuko replied with a dvesha.
"Then, Ozome-san, what exactly did you both have in your heart?"
"Our is nothing. There was no better way than that."
"Then, we have no other way to take it!"
"I won't say that!"
It was Hisamatsu who had been silently listening from the beginning.
"I don't know if it's the Osaka style to give advice to the young lady at the time of apprenticeship, but we listen to the story of you two from Korai Bridge. I've been
Kikuko is surprised.
"Because we are ghosts who threw themselves 300 years ago ..."
"Ghost? ... Is a ghost the same as a ghost?
Kikuko was surprised and repeated exclamations. Hisamatsu continued.
"Mr. Kikuko, you are not yet qualified to die if you are surprised to hear that we are ghosts!"
"Then, did I fail the Shinju exam?"
"That's right. You're a failure in Hisamatsu's Shinju junior high school ... because you don't come up with any new ideas when you try to do Shinju. Isn't it old? You can see it or imitate an Italian novel! "
"Then what should I do?"
Kikuko is listening while trembling.
"You are different in where you jump in."
"Hey, can't I be here? Is it better to go upstream a little more?"
"That's not the case! I think that the place where I jump in is that if you have to search for a place to throw away your life, you should stand at the forefront of the liberation of the proletariat and kill it brilliantly!"
"Well, Mr. Hisamatsu, I didn't want to hear from you about the theory of proletariat liberation!"
"Lady, there ... the times are changing! It's an era when the emotions in your heart should be remodeled! You don't have to cowardly ask for a place to waste your life on the riverbed. The era when you asked for it on the riverbed. Was our time. Today's time is on the way to liberation, we should discover a new way of mind. You have to cross the deadline! "
"Well, Mr. Hisamatsu, you know a lot of things."
"Of course, I'm also the secretary of the Salary Mens Union in the world of hell, and I oppose the oppression of Ao Oni and Aka Oni by arguing with the apprentices, the little boys, the guards, and the recently dying hip-bens. First of all, we are trying to eliminate discrimination by money, which is said to depend on money, so I think that the world of dead autonomy will be realized in hell in the near future. I am the one who is striving in hell to bring together young lovers who could not be met in this world. "
"Then, is such a movement happening in hell now?"
"That's right……"
"Okay, thank you, Mr. Hisamatsu. I'm sunk in the Yodo River, and I'll fight in this world as if you're devoting yourself to the hell remodeling movement. Thank you. Do you? Did you expose the corpse there? "
"Yeah! It's interesting because the daughters of this time are quick to understand! That's a new heart! In other words, the heart of neo-idealism is not drowning in water, and both men and women love each other for the liberation movement I say that I will fall while fighting! "
"Well, Mr. Hisamatsu is a scholar ... I didn't think he would learn such a real lesson at Yodogawa."
"Okay, then we're sorry for this."
With that said, the appearance of Hisamatsu and Ozome was somehow wiped out.
Kikuko just looked at the surface of the water with a surprised eye.
[# 3 indentation] Sanichi Sun and gas tank question and answer [# "Sanichi Sun and gas tank question and answer" is the middle heading]
[# Illustration 31 (fig51160_31.png, horizontal 471 x vertical 467) is included]
It was before Mayor Kagawa became the mayor. When I went out from the slums in the back shrine and took a walk around the Taisho Bridge in the south around 11 o'clock in the morning, I heard that the gas tank and the sun were asking questions.
"Yo sun, I'm sorry for being late."
When the gas tank said, the sun answered it,
"What's late, I'm the second sunrise today!"
When I was shrugging on the Taisho Bridge and listening to this, the gas tank burst into laughter.
"Sun, it's not a joke, is there a second sunrise?"
For that, the sun also made a big laugh,
"What are you saying? 6 am is the first sunrise and 11 am is the second sunrise. You may know that ... What the hell are you in Osaka? The reason is that the lights in Osaka are always dark, and I have two sunrises and two sunsets during the daytime, and there are three nights in Osaka 24 hours a day. , Your belly will only swell! Aha, aha aha aha "
It is said.
The gas tank was impressed with it,
"Sun, you are impressed. From heaven, all the people in Osaka look stupid," he asks. The sun's answer to that is waving.
"Tank, Osaka people, everyone looks a lot like you. Only the outside is flashy, but the inside is empty ... and the smelly gas is stuck in the stomach."
"Sun, if you say such a toxic thing, I'll stick to the chimneys of my relatives, and from today I'll smoke you out of this world with the smoke of Osaka ... Only today you're in Osaka I won't allow you to see the land at all. "
The gas tank got angry after saying this. Since then. In Osaka, the smoke became thicker and the sun couldn't be seen even during the day.
Shortly thereafter, the man who heard the conversation between the sun and the gas tank became the mayor of Osaka.
As the mayor, he made an effort to eliminate smoke from Osaka, which has three nights and two sunrises a day. However, the first city council also failed, and the workers' great demonstration movement was only for one day, and I did not see anything after all.
He wondered what to do.
He wanted to hold an inventor's tournament before holding the city council again and devise a way to eliminate all the smoke in Osaka.
Therefore, the day after Mr. Taiko's basketball case and Miss Kikuko's runaway case, he decided to go to the city hall and gather not only inventors from all over the city but also inventors from all over Japan in Osaka.
When he was in the mayor's office for the first time in a long time, many newspaper reporters came in to pick seeds before noon.
"Mayor, how about your injury?"
"Have you healed yet?"
"Do you still have the courage to do a soot ban campaign?"
I made fun of the mayor by asking so much.
Therefore, Mayor Kagawa stated that he had the courage to carry out a soot ban campaign, and announced that he would hold an inventor's competition in Osaka City in the near future. In the evening edition of that day, along with Mr. Taiko's basketball incident, three pages were displayed with an article about the All Japan Inventors' Convention on the soot ban movement.
[# 3 indentation] Appearance of 32 breastless animals [# "32 appearance of breastless animals" is a middle heading]
[# Illustration 32 (fig51160_32.png, width 368 x height 550) is included]
Since it takes a long time to prepare for the inventor competition, Mayor Kagawa decided to gather educators and spread the promotion of the soot ban movement to the home. He convened educators from all over the city, as the educator convention is set tomorrow and can be done soon. The director of education has brought a surprising report about his holding a social hygiene educator convention at the Central Public Hall.
"Mayor, this is a very recent statistic, but as you can see, the height of children in Osaka is higher than the average height of elementary schools nationwide, but the chest circumference is surprisingly narrow because they live in smoke. I came ... In other words, the children in Osaka are like the smoky beans that grew up in the shadows. They are tall but they don't have a body. "
Mayor Kagawa was completely surprised to see the statistics shown by the education section manager.
"Fum, this is really a serious problem for the education section manager and the nation! If you proceed with this tendency, the children in Osaka will be like gourds in fifty years! This is really hard! Don't make a child like a gourd! Let's make a big promotion! Education section manager, please do it well! I will also put a lot of horsepower at this time! "
The next day's educator competition was really lively.
In order to escape the soot, the utility and necessity of the forest school, the beach elementary school, and the farm city elementary school were emphasized. But no one criticized the reckless smoke-tube civilization of its underlying capitalist production. Of course, some also said something interesting.
"If, after a century, the city of Osaka still had to carry soot as it does today, all Osaka citizens would have to lose their lungs and carry something like gills instead of their lungs. Maybe. Osaka is not the place where humans should live. It is the place where Otamajakushi should live. "
When I thought there was something like this,
"There is no point in thinking about such a fantasy. There is no choice but to lengthen the gymnastics time."
There is something called. On the other hand,
"The air in the playground is even worse than the air in the classroom. Next to my school is a glass factory, where smoke never comes from the chimneys all the time, so it's always in our school. The classroom is sealed to prevent soot from coming in. What should I do in such a case? "
Some insisted that each classroom should be equipped with an oxygen gas generator at city expense.
Some also insisted that a dust absorber should be installed in the school as it is done at a spinning company.
However, what was most disastrous was that elementary school teachers in Osaka had the highest rate of respiratory illness in Japan, and if they taught in the factory area for more than five years, they would have to collapse as a respiratory illness patient. Met.
The report was too miserable. However, no one insisted that this should be done when it came to promoting soot prevention.
[# 3 indentation] 33 failure educator tournament [# "33 failure educator tournament" is a middle heading]
[# Illustration 33 (fig51160_33.png, width 453 x height 296) is included]
When Mayor Kagawa looked at the elementary and junior high school teachers who gathered nearly 2,000 from the stage, none of the teachers had a human-like face.
Most of them were like clay figurines with earth color. These people were spring-loaded manipulator puppets employed by machines that teach reading, arithmetic, and penmanship, and did not belong to lunged humans.
They were afraid of the ward board of education above all else. The ward school board is often rich with one or two smoke tubes, and giving a speech to destroy the smoke tubes is destined to be expelled from the school in the ward.
In fact, there is no place where the rich people are as arrogant about education as Osaka. Even if a city plan of 200 million yen was made, the unification of all the school districts in Osaka was not done by the senior mayor. There is no hope that Osaka, which cannot even unify school districts, can advertise the destruction of smoke tubes through schools. The teacher is willing to teach the students this ...
"Those who work hard and work hard are always rich, and those who are uneducated and lazy are always poor. Zenjiro Yasuda values ​​work and saves 800 million yen in fifty years. , There is one who built a copper "Akane" palace from a miner. There is too much praise for its virtue and truth. "
If you teach this kind of thing, among the students,
"Teacher! Why is the teacher poor?"
Ask. Then the teacher seems to be a deer claw
"It can't be helped because it's poor from my parents' generation."
Run away. The wise student
"The parents of the teacher, Zenjiro Yasuda, and Denemon Ito were all poor," he says. Then the teacher
"Because we were both lucky."
When the student asked, "Teacher, what are you carrying?"
"Luck is luck ... to be rich naturally!"
Why can such a teacher teach the way of life of human beings honestly in Osaka?
They devised a forest elementary school and a beach elementary school for rich children, but never thought about the poor.
When the mayor of Kagawa was seen from the stage, he was asleep up to the elementary school teacher, Kumin-dori. And the other minute is looking away. I'm asleep because of overwork and lack of oxygen, and because it's better than standing up and talking and being scolded by ward councilors. It also looks because the problem is not interesting. Elementary school teachers are machines that teach scholarship. I'm not a teacher who teaches how to live. Social hygiene and school hygiene are people, and I think it would be good if I could generate as much monthly salary as possible.
The education manager was talking about the need for a soot ban movement for about an hour, but all the teachers were completely asleep. And when the story was over, everyone woke up and went home, as if they had agreed. Mayor Kagawa was completely surprised at how well the spring work was done.
Anyway, the mayor often agreed that the soot ban campaign through educators was completely unsuccessful due to the lack of oxygen inhalation by the teachers.
[# 3 indentation] 34 Women's Tournament and Miss Kikuko [# "34 Women's Tournament and Miss Kikuko" is a middle heading]
[# Illustration 34 (fig51160_34.png, horizontal 468 x vertical 324) is included]
That night, Nobuyuki Shimamura and Miss Kikuko Anjikawa asked me to the slums in the back shrine.
Then, they told the mayor of Kagawa their new resolution.
Mayor Kagawa was pleased to hear that. After talking about Yomoyama, Mayor Kagawa talked about the failure of the educator tournament. Then, Mr. Kikuko was very indignant and told me to exercise because the soot ban movement is a big problem for women in their family life.
"That's okay. I'm going to hold the Osaka Women's Tournament right away, so I definitely want Kikuko to talk to me at that time."
"I'll do that, and I have another friend, so I'll ask that person to give a speech."
"Do you mean Yodo-kun as a friend?"
"No, this is Someko Iizuka."
"Who is Someko Iizuka?"
"It's Mr. Ozome! Mr. Kagawa, you too have a bad blood circulation."
"Oh, is that so? It's interesting. Then, let's ask. The day after tomorrow should be fine."
"I'll bring you a dyer for days."
The two went home.
Two days later, the Osaka Women's Tournament was held.
It was a large crowd of thousands, and the audience was too large to fit in the Central Public Hall.
The moderator of the women's tournament was, of course, Ms. Kikuko Yasujikawa. Ms. dressed up in Western clothes and tried her maiden speech with a dignified attitude.
"--Gatherings, the civilization of boys is already corrupt. I think we should create a women's culture with new courage. As the first business, what we should do is It is to conquer the soot of Osaka City. (Applause) Because of this, Osaka City has the highest infant mortality rate in the world, and nearly 300 of the 1,000 born Akanbo die every year. That is why we, the mothers (who said "mother" but refrained from doing so), must fight thoroughly for this. (Large applause) We can't do that with indirect action. There is no other way than by direct action! ""
"Benshi, be careful!"
The inspector, who is hiding behind the folding screen, is careful. The audience boils.
"Domineering!"
"Domineering!"
The voice shakes Mando.
Miss Kikuko calms the audience,
"It's not a cancellation right now. Be careful ... don't worry. We're not afraid to have been canceled. We're fighting hard across the deadline. I We will not die to free Osaka City from this soot suppression.
Even if that is not the case, you will be killed by lung disease, so I think it is better to fight the smoke and collapse than to be killed in the smoke. "
I went down the podium saying this, but I was so impressed by the audience that
"Goddess of aerial conquest!"
There was also a young man who shouted.
[# 3 indentation] Sango Ozome Prosody Speech [# "Sango Ozome Prosody Speech" is in the middle heading]
[# Illustration 35 (fig51160_35.png, horizontal 455 x vertical 383) is included]
However, no matter what, the feature of the women's competition was that Ozome would make a speech with Hisamatsu. Ozome appeared on the podium with a beautiful Chinese song tied.
"Yeah, dye!"
"Love supreme principle!"
"God in my heart!"
"New woman!"
Saying various things, I put in a half tatami mat.
Ozome started his speech in the tone of singing even in Kiyomoto bravely than the people of the women's alliance.
"--Crying the staggered Abe of Nambazu--"
So far, the young man in the corner was excited by his beautiful voice,
I shouted, "It's better than Rosho."
"The ups and downs of the human heart--"
Some people shout "Yojo Kumoemon!"
Someone whispered, "I'm excited to see a beautiful woman."
Dyeing is okay.
"... If you climb up to a high shop, you will see only smoke, and you will stand sad. Even at noon, with the help of gas and electric lights, Tendou-sama's face is pale, the neck is long, and the blue breath is mixed with blood and exhales. The envy of the sad daughter of Naniwazu's lung disease ... "
As a full-scale scene, I couldn't even hear a cough.
"Smoke rushes into the darkness, and those who pass by go through the darkness. In the darkness, the hell of the mountains of Toribe, before closing their eyes, the screams of the burning hell, love and affection. Smoke, the fruit of Namba is pathetic ... "
The speech of dyeing will be in the tone of Kiyomoto, so according to the section of dyeing,
"Even now, in the old days, the tile town, the only daughter of a famous generation"
There is also a man who does it.
Ozome didn't care about that, and took over after the previous man's section,
"Akaoni and Aooni, but if you are prepared to go on a journey of death, the city of smoke is the city of death, the city of smoke is the city of death, and the city of smoke is the city of death. Let's do better. Before we stop smoking, it's no good to mourn the pneumonia of the first child, Uigo. "
"Dye, dye, you must return to the mountain family," says a human being.
Ozome-san is calm and continues his prosodic speech.
"If you are a person who is despised as a shinju, and will be hungry for a long time, and who has blood and flesh as a dye of a boxed daughter, until the world remodeling is completed, people gathering under the banner of proletarians and love For that reason of freedom, let's become the guardian of the fallen ones, start liberation, and conquer the air. "
The young man on the second floor shouts out loud, "Beauty is a place!"
Dyeing is still going on,
"Because I'm born strong but I'm in love, and because I'm in love with smoke prevention, I'll do my best not to worry about my cute husband's only child dying from pneumonia because of smoke. That's why, returning to the present world, the ghosts of Nozaki's village, where the vegetation withered in the smoke and the male and female flowers withered, and the obsession with the dyeing that became, are for people who are elaborate and heartfelt. Just in case, I'm sorry to preach soot prevention. "
By saying this, the dyeing disappeared as if it had been wiped out.
The audience of nearly 8,000 people was fascinated by the voice of dyeing as if they were drunk, but the appearance of dyeing suddenly disappeared, so
The audience shouted variously!
"Is that the ghost of dyeing?"
"I did it differently"
"It makes sense for Hisamatsu to work hard."
"After all, I have to prevent soot and smoke."
[# 3 indentation] 36 Kikuko's inspection [# "36 Kikuko's inspection" is the middle heading]
[# Illustration 36 (fig51160_36.png, width 463 x height 294) is included]
After the dyeing speech, Mr. Kikuko stood on the podium again, and when he decided to make a resolution to prevent soot in the form of a women's competition, more than a dozen souvenirs appeared apart from Izuko.
"Female Benshi! I have a question!"
When Kikuko replied, "Please ask the question later,"
"What? Cheeky, do you want to be on the side of Kagawa, who destroys Japanese industry?
It was the bear with the eyes of the "Kobun" snake-eyed one of the "Onbiki tigers" who called out.
Kikuko is not non-resistive like Mayor Kagawa. Recently, she had a bad lung and was taking a rest in Ashiya, but when she was a girl's school, she got a diploma in the first stage of judo at school.
"Wait a minute!"
While requesting grace from her cute mouth, she pulled the hem of her skirt and hit "Ima Tomoe Gozen" to face the snake-eyed bear.
The audience was just stunned and watching what would happen. Seeing it as noisy, both the inspector and the policeman pulled it up to me.
The Janome bear grabbed Kikuko's shoulder firmly, but Kikuko grabbed his right hand with both hands and ate a seoi-nage and threw it on the stage. The Janome bear crawls up again and approaches Kikuko, but Kikuko throws her with a sickle. Four or five of the "bear" relatives who were watching this were dismembered and assembled with Kikuko. Kikuko put out his last hand and chased them away, but the other two ate on Kikuko's arm, and blood spilled. Kikuko's white clothes are stained with blood.
The crowd saw that and jumped onto the stage.
There is something that calls the police. Some of them are on the side of Kikuko and are associated with the Janome bear. Finally, Kikuko entered the benshi room, protected by a large number of worker-like young men. The Janome Bear gang continued to fight with Kikuko's sympathizers on the stage, next to the hall and the public hall.
The inspector who had escaped once appeared from nowhere again. And ordered the audience to disband. The audience was indignant at the police's attitude as they dismissed. Some accused the police of being a capitalist dog. Anything that cursed that way was inspected.
And Kikuko will also be inspected.
The audience who saw this was indignant. However, the police have the right to certify,
"I'll check the mine theory later, but if I say it, I'll check it," he said.
"There was a terrifying police, too. What century AD was the police?"
Then, the man who inspected Kikuko replied like this.
"I don't care about the era.
Honestly, everything that followed was inspected.
The pit valve of the inspection was used as the inspection, and the one that was followed by the inspection was inspected. What was then done to insert the dust paper into the inspector was also inspected.
However, the cell was so small that it could not be inspected any further.
The police officer said that he was in a hurry.
[# 3 indentation] 37 father and daughter [# "37 father and daughter" is a middle heading]
[# Illustration 37 (fig51160_37.png, horizontal 428 x vertical 561) is included]
Because Kikuko was inspected, the women's association also became Ojan.
Forty-eight hours later, Ms. Kikuko Yasujikawa was released from the inspection and returned home for the first time in a long time, but her father did her best not to let Kikuko enter the house.
"Kikuko, a lotus leaf like you isn't the one that came back to the Yomaa family. Go out! This Yasujigawa house was polluted for you. You were tempted by that Kagawa idiot to imitate a female sorcerer and were pulled by the police! Doesn't this brute know that this Anjigawa family business is a coal dealer! If you exercise to knock down the smoke tube, this coal will not sell! Then who will buy your wedding tool? "
"Dad I don't need any wedding tools!"
"Why don't you go to Matsushima!"
"I don't want to go to such a trafficking house ... I can't go to that place even if I die."
"Then what are you doing, are you also a man ..."
"Yes, I have already promised."
"This is a gangster! What does it mean to be able to make a love man" Irootoko "alone without even hearing it from your parents!"
Kikuko's father got angry like a fiery fire, grabbed Kikuko and hit him with a fist, and kicked him down with his foot because he was still not enough. Kikuko didn't help, but just cried there.
Kikuko's mother and clerk came there, soothed her father, and took her to the next room. Kikuko fell into tears and fell asleep like a child.
When she woke up, it was almost evening.
When I took a bath and put on light makeup and felt better, the ambition of conquering the air suddenly arose. So, she decided to go out with Aunt Hiroko and Tsuneko from Bakuromachi for a roadside speech prohibiting soot.
She visited Bakuromachi with her mother's permission. They welcomed me very much in Bakuromachi.
"Mr. Kikuko, you've become a great person too. The swashbuckler during this time was like King Ashura," Hiroko said.
"When I got home from the police, my dad got angry and I was in trouble because he was beaten and kicked."
"What on earth are you doing?"
Kikuko replied because it was asked by Hiroko.
"I'm just fighting. I'm coming out tonight with the intention of going out to a roadside speech for the soot ban movement. I'm more than a distant one like the women's suffrage. I think it is urgent to exercise to clear the air that I breathe every day, so I would like to recruit members and fight thoroughly. I must become a mother in the near future I don't want to raise a child who has no breasts. "
"Really. What kind of exercise would you like to take?"
"I want to create a non-buying alliance of housewives so that they don't buy any of the products of bad capitalists who run factories that stand up and hurt the health of their citizens. If it's warm, I think it's necessary to do a demonstration campaign only for women. And, as much as possible, I joined the procession with a child who was born in Osaka and had a chestless cough. , I think we should go directly to the Kasugade power plant. "
"That's interesting. Let's prepare for the great demonstration movement."
[# 3 indentation] People who sell 38 necks [# "People who sell 38 necks" is a middle heading]
[# Illustration 38 (fig51160_38.png, width 466 x height 359) is included]
Shimamura was inspired by Kikuko's rushing principle and thought that he had to make a new effort. So, from my point of view, I pondered from which direction I could contribute to the prevention of soot and smoke. However, the ever-increasing crowd of unemployed people due to the recession generally created an uneasy atmosphere, and it was unclear when a major incident would break out.
So, the smoke problem is important, but I think the unemployment problem is even more important, so early in the morning Shimamura visited Mayor Kagawa at the slums in the back shrine and asked what to do.
Mayor Kagawa didn't have any new ideas.
"Unemployment insurance demands and dismissal allowance demands are just ad hoc, and there is no way to solve the unemployment problem unless the capitalist economic organization is radically remodeled. If you are in trouble, the city will have to do something about it, so I'd like to immediately implement the city planning so that 20,000 workers will have a chance to work for the next few years. "
Said.
The two talked about it, and when they left the house and hurried to Nakanoshima,
"Do you need a neck? One neck!"
"Buy your neck! The neck is cheap!"
While screaming, I met several men who had their necks separated from their bodies, holding their necks in their hands and selling them from town to town. Mayor Kagawa was completely surprised to see this.
"You, those people are unemployed."
"That's right. I'm selling my neck because I can't eat it anymore."
"I'm sorry, I have to do something about it."
Mayor Kagawa approached a man without a neck, thinking that politics was really empty.
"Do you sell that neck?"
"Hi, can you buy one?"
"How much is it? "
"Sell for two yen a day"
"Do you sell for 2 yen a day?"
"That's right. I'll sell it for the rest of my life, but it's a little expensive."
"How much is it? "
"I don't say how much, but all I have to do is eat my wife and children."
"Why did you guys lose your neck?"
"You know the great demonstration movement during this time."
"Um, I know, what's wrong with that?"
"At that time, we were the leaders who opposed the wage cut, so we were decapitated."
"That's a pity."
"We are a kind of slave .... We are wage slaves. We always sell ourselves off our necks while we are unemployed."
"Before you come, I'll just eat."
"No, we're not beggars, so I don't want to bathe in my feelings. I want a job. Give me a job. If you give me a job, my neck will be naturally connected. Do you have a job? "
"I don't have a job--"
When the mayor said sadly, people without necks also went sadly.
The mayor hurried to the city hall with tears in his eyes. "Smoke and the unemployed" He cried in his heart that if this were not resolved, it would be really unpleasant for an industrial city like Osaka.
[# 3 indentation] 39 city clerk's long sash [# "39 city clerk's long sash" is a middle heading]
[# Illustration 39 (fig51160_39.png, horizontal 483 x vertical 426) is included]
When I went to the city hall, I was surprised that each section was very busy only today, it was like a fire place.
When I asked, "What happened? What happened?"
"Today, I received a phone call from Kyoto saying that a Kazoku tour group would come to visit us, so if I don't look a little busy, the economy will be bad."
"I won't do anything else."
"No, there is enough work just to sort out the school system unification plan that Mayor Ikegami has abandoned for more than a dozen years."
I'm saying. Anyway, the members of the city hall are just names of self-governmental organizations, and all of them work non-autonomously mechanically, so the longer they work at the city hall for a year or two, the worse their brains work and all mechanically. Will carry it reflexively. Everything is tied up so that it cannot be applied, and binding is considered to be the official duty.
Write five applications to go get a pencil of five coins one by one. You must keep one for the mayor, one for accounting, one for general affairs, one for historical sources, and one for your copy. In fact, Mayor Kagawa was completely surprised at the Nagadasuki, the mayor of the city hall. It should be in a hurry.
Although the family register clerk registered one birth report, the text was incorrect in the first place, and the "and" of "and the weather" were skipped. I ordered a correction by telling me to insert it, and when I put it out a second time, I said that the address was wrong, I ordered a correction again, and when I put it out a third time, my father's name was different. Ordered the correction by saying that "Kichi [#" Kichi "is" Sat / Mouth "in the design difference in the bottom book]" in the original register, and when it was issued four times, the mother's name became a pseudonym. I ordered the correction to follow the original book, made the fourth correction, and wrote the mother's first and last name in pseudonym for the fifth time. If you give out ten coins and have the lot number checked by the investigator and give it for the sixth time, you will not be notified of the residence of your current place of residence, so you will be asked to submit the notification of residence first. When I went home to submit a residence report, asked for the address and reported it to the 7th round, the address was not in the city hall register, and finally I asked the investigator to check it and tried to submit the residence report. , I can't meet the working hours of the day anymore. The next day, when he thinks this is okay for the eighth time, he says he will be fined because he is already late for the legal regulations.
If you defend yourself by saying, "There is no such reason," then you will be asked to correct the time of delivery. So, let's go out again, correct the time of childbirth for the ninth time, bend the historical facts as the city official says, and finally write a lie, and this time It became so dirty that I asked him to rewrite it beautifully.
When I burst the liver ball and flew to the free substitute book while trembling, it was full! Because there was no help for it, when I jumped into a paid book and asked him to write it, the bookmaker licked his tongue and wrote it smoothly. When I looked at the finished product, I rewrote it and made it even more dirty.
It will stamp the seal of the substitute book.
"Is this all right?"
"It's okay, as long as I have my seal."
"Haa, is that something like that?"
Impressed and worried that he would be ordered to make the eleventh correction, when he sent it to the family register clerk's window, the family register clerk looked at the seal of the substitute book and saw it.
"OK"
Declare.
The reporter returned home with joyful tears and grief over the bureaucratic sash.
The mayor understood the busyness of the staff. In short, it's a long-term busy, eternal sabotage busy.
The mayor thought that it would be a great loss to the lives of the citizens if he did not make this internal amendment. So I immediately started to organize it.
[# 3 indentation] 40 cochlear revolutionary memory [# "40 cochlear revolutionary memory" is a middle heading]
[# Illustration 40 (fig51160_40.png, width 473 x height 386) is included]
At the same time that the mayor declared the Tsunaki Purge, it was the Civil Engineering Division that raised the first opposition. The Civil Engineering Division is the most strange place to wear the finest clothes with monthly installments.
Mayor Kagawa's opposition to the arrangement of "busy sabotage" was not just a part of the Civil Engineering Division. Almost all the members of the city hall. The simple reason was that it was easier to do as before.
As Mayor Kagawa, I would like to introduce new innovations to the city administration.
He hopes that all the city's business matters will be contracted, and that the office workers will bid on civil engineering, hygiene, general affairs, family register, academic affairs, society, accounting, city planning, etc. It was to set the interest rate to give the efficiency bonus according to the work efficiency.
Mayor Kagawa thought that it would be okay to have an underwriting company in Japan because there is already an underwriting company for municipal administration in the United States.
The mayor by far announced a major reform of the work process of city officials. Then, he declined all the section chiefs so far and newly ordered each section to bid for efficiency contracts.
Saa, it's hard. Each section is a big upheaval from top to bottom. Some insist on a total resignation, while others promote the general strike of all members. When I think so, there are some who ask the mayor of Kagawa to go to the resignation recommendation. Some of the quick ones rush to the city council members. Some visit city council members. The result was like poking a beehive.
He knew well that this would be the result. So I was fine. He wondered if he could help the family register who returned with abandonment, but he couldn't do that, and he was worried about whether to do this or not, and instead he was suffering from memory weakness. I noticed that I was there. It is a cochlear sexual ideological disease of a nature that should be called revolutionary neurasthenia, and it is a disease that does not carry work, only the nerves are sharpened, and something revolutionary wants to go.
At the moment when the city officials said they were going to strike the alliance, 34 Dojo Kazoku from Kyoto came into the turmoil. First, I was guided to the mayor's office, but I was surprised that the mayor's kimono was not very dirty. As usual, the mayor wears Kokura clothes specially made by the purchasing association for 3.60 yen and rubber shoes on his feet.
Some of the Dojo Kazoku asked the mayor instead of greeting, "I wonder if the smoke in Osaka can be managed."
"I'm doing a lot of things, thinking about what to do, but I'm in trouble because the results aren't getting better."
The mayor replied with a muddy ending.
"No, this is also a sign of prosperity, so it's fine," said "Count Tominokoji, who enters Sanjo Nishi."
The Dojo Kazoku then went around the inside of the city hall and praised the splendid structure.
"This is better than Shishinden Hall."
"I didn't have office work in the past. I didn't need this kind of architecture."
"That's true. A, the old section chief class, that is, the Dainagon class, was the first to sing three heads in the morning and three heads in the evening.
This is the origin of the former Dainagon, and now it is the "Naive Senbongi Muromachi Count" who is escorting to the house of an elementary school teacher who has a takoyakushi.
While patrolling the city hall, the most delighted of the Kazoku people was the work of the family register. They have a great hobby only in genealogy, so they were delighted to see how genealogy is preserved in modern times.
Someone shouted while repeating the family register himself.
"Well! This book is all commoners!"
Some people were told that they might return the application even once to fill in the family register,
"Otherwise, the genealogy would not be completely preserved in posterity," he said.
[# 3 indentation] 41 Municipal Contracting Co., Ltd. [# "41 Municipal Contracting Co., Ltd." is a middle heading]
[# Illustration 41 (fig51160_41.png, horizontal 485 x vertical 454) is included]
The respect and hobbies of the city officials for the Dojo Kazoku were great. They all showed the joy of becoming friends with the Count and the Viscount on their faces, and forgot about the alliance striker and were shy.
After the lords returned, the city hall suddenly became free again. And they didn't even work, they just thought about how lazy they could get a lot of monthly salary. In fact, how many city officials are thinking about working in the office as a hobby? Of course, there is no aspiration to carry out urban socialism as a way to a free society, and everything is a scoop ruler.
About four or five days ago, a member of the civil engineering section and a member of the accounting section had a quarrel. It was because the civil engineering staff had to travel to Nagoya and stop by Nara, but at midnight there was no train in Kansai, so I went to Nara via Kyoto.
The accounting staff disapproves the expense of travel expenses.
"Because there is no train, it can't be helped!"
"Then, please tell me that I have a meeting with the Kyoto Prefectural Government, and then I will spend the travel expenses."
"Okay, then, it's okay because the Kyoto Prefectural Government has a meeting for the train timetable," he said, so it was a big quarrel.
Because everything was like this, the mayor was in trouble at all.
However, many city officials entered the government office because of the city council members, and became members because of the rich people. I couldn't get rid of it, I wasn't efficient, and I was busy with sabotage, so the government office seemed to be in the middle of the wind.
The one who was visiting the city counselor member has also returned. Then, a big evaluation was started centering on the section chief who was defeated. The exclusion of Mayor Kagawa has already become decisive. It also gained momentum as the city's wealthy people supported the movement.
The mayor clearly admitted that the city hall is not a city hall for citizens, but a city hall for rich people. The city administration has completely capitalist spider webs on all sides, so the mayor's power is not enough.
The mayor's exclusion is the chief of the education section. I entered the mayor's office while lifting the corners of my angry eyes.
"Mayor, I advise you to resign."
"Hum, do you think I should resign?"
"There is no good or bad. You jeopardize the foundations of the nation .... Ah, ah, you are said to have a contract system for the office work of the city hall, but that's right, then the city. What will happen to the sovereignty of
"The authority of the city is the moral cohesion of the citizens. There should be no other authority."
"Then, what do you do with this city of Osaka?"
"Like the universal postal system, we believe in the people's own sociality for the public use of the people and make everything a mutual aid-centered free society."
"Mayor, then what about our neck?"
"I was disappointed because you forgot that you were a citizen's ambassador and were too intimidating, but if you are an ambassador, I will hire you."
"Mayor, I will not be an ambassador. I will be a son-in-law of the son-in-law of the grandson of a relative of Konoike Zenemon. I will not be an ambassador of the city hall."
"Then you should quit the city hall."
"Stop ..., stop you instead."
"That's not what you should say. I can't stop the mayor without radically reforming today's rich-minded city administration."
The education manager heard this and was angry like a fiery fire and shouted while leaving the mayor's office.
"Remember! I'll take my neck right now!"
[# 3 indentation] 42 romance school graduates [# "42 romance school graduates" is a middle heading]
[# Illustration 42 (fig51160_42.png, width 460 x height 395) is included]
The education section manager immediately visited five or six city council members. Then, he asked me to come because I wanted to hold a counseling session for the mayor's exclusion.
That night, the counseling session was held at a geisha shop in Shinmachi. It is the concubine's house on the Anji River, and the Tamany faction of the city administration centered on the Anji River always holds secret meetings here.
There were 13 people, including Umeda and Matsushima.
Of course, Anjigawa was the central figure.
The education section manager was always in a good mood for the concubine of the Anji River.
People gathered, but the counseling session was not easily held. It's been two hours since the rumors of a woman, the issue of banning soot, the case of Taiko's basket, and the criticism of Yodo's face that Matsushima saw.
Matsushima shouted out loud to the concubine of the Anji River.
"Hana-san and Yodo-kun are so different from each other, and you're really crazy."
Flowers are very proud of their faces, but with a humble smile on purpose,
"Sora, like Watara, Otafuku is Akihen, it is impossible to compare with Taiko's concubine."
"No, the flowers are quite different."
It was Umeda who shouted like this.
"I don't think there really is a different place like a flower in Osaka."
It was an island that was added.
That's why Matsushima began to defend his theory.
"No, I've never seen such a different eagle."
"Sometimes, it is said that Somekumatsu's dyeing made a speech at the women's competition the other day, but dyeing [#" dyeing "is a mama] Is it Beppinsan? The famous woman has always thought that she was limited to the ugly 《Bukiryo》, but I don't think the dyeing is different ... 」
Umeda asked the education manager.
The education section manager responded to that
"I did something regrettable. I didn't look at it at last. Mr. Yasujikawa probably heard his daughter's reputation."
"No, I disowned my daughter, the education manager."
"Well, that kind of thing"
"That's true, he's still hateful because he's just thinking about fantasies these days and listening to whatever the mayor of the idiot says."
Anjigawa said with resentment. Listen to it
"But why did my daughter stop listening to her parents nowadays?"
The concubine flower of the Anji River answered that.
"It's worse for parents. Even in the case of Kikuko, I sympathize with Kikuko."
Matsushima heard it and sneered while sneering
"Mr. Hana, I don't care about it anymore, and Mr. Yasujikawa gets angry when I say that."
"What's wrong with getting angry, I've been telling you all the time that my daughter's love should be fulfilled."
"Love school graduates are different"
This Umeda chills.
The island cools the Anji River, saying, "You can see that you can win the Anji River and the flowers."
"That's where that humanity is."
Matsushima is a little smart.
The education section manager is very weak because the important problem does not progress at all.
"Mr. Yasujikawa, I would like to ask you to discuss the exclusion of the mayor."
"Saa, I don't think it's necessary to say anything about that man's exclusion because it's already known."
Anjikawa replied so.
The concubine Hanako suddenly
He called out, "Chief," and asked for his remarks.
"I don't think it's wrong for everyone to dismiss the mayor. I don't think he's a benefactor of Osaka."
"I'm a big mayor."
Matsushima hid Hanako.
[# 3 indentation] 43 Cafe Abunai [# "43 Cafe Abunai" is a middle heading]
[# Illustration 43 (fig51160_43.png, horizontal 424 x vertical 396) is included]
Geisha Hanako was still added.
"I'm illiterate, I'm a poor man who can't live today's concubine, but I don't think the mayor has anything to say. Tens of thousands of sick people with a smoke tube. It's a big mistake to create every year. That's the opposite of my husband. I don't mind being cut off by my husband, and I'm very much in favor of the soot prevention campaign in Osaka. "
"I think I'm against it because the white powder on my face gets dirty," Matsushima puts in tea.
"I'm sorry I haven't met the mayor even once, but I don't think that my husband's thoughts are too much for making money ... If you graduated from a girls' school and received a considerable amount of education, you wouldn't do such an indentured servitude, and you wouldn't even give a speech at the Central Public Hall. "
Because the flowers are beautiful and the speech is in favor of the mayor, the troupe is white and no one can oppose it. The flowers continued.
"I don't think the chief of education is going to do it. At the predecessor's geisha tournament, I was given a big speech in favor of the mayor's theory, and today my head flew away. I think it's too unscrupulous to dismiss the mayor ... I'm sorry to have allowed two men to have skin even though I'm earning geisha ... my claim When I see a man who doesn't protect me, I can't help but touch the geisha. "
The education section manager was also disappointed when he was assigned this way. The Anji River is just keeping silence, not opposition from the front because the flowers are cute. Since the Anji River is silent, Shogoro Matsushima, who is a messed up guy, has also been silent.
The education section manager was glaring at the flowers for a while, but suddenly he stood up and went home. When the education manager returned, all the dozen city council members, including the island and Umeda, went home. And after that, only Matsushima and Anji River remained.
"That education manager is also pretty good at putting it in the corner. It seems that Mr. Anjikawa, that is, that is caught by the female salary of Cafe Abunai in the south."
So Matsushima said unusually, the Anji River was surprised,
"Who was saying that?"
"People's rumors are fast. There is something like me that tells me that I'm doing business."
"I have a serious look, but no, but I don't know what the educators are doing nowadays. When I see a few cases of teacher failure in newspapers these days. I don't even know that man. "
"But, Mr. Ajigawa, I can't help the cafe in Osaka City, it's like a girl shop. If my daughter falls, my customers don't fall. I don't think
"Don't say terrible things!"
"But in fact, Mr. Anjikawa, there is nothing more dangerous than a cafe these days. That's why a young man can't eat a plate of Western food alone."
"Then, what exactly does the girl shop do?"
"The girl shop is still good, it's terrible because it tempts young people to fall in the cafe. Especially, Umeko of Cafe Abunai, who is caught by the education manager, even connects the horses with her nose hair. It ’s the maiden who is being told. ”
"I'm stuck with something in trouble, flower-- (Yasujigawa is facing flowers)--you know the relationship between Umeko of Cafe Abunai and the section chief, and say that tonight. Was it? "
"Ah, I heard from Mr. Matsushima the other day and thought I'd say it once. I think the teacher should be a little more like a teacher. Then, a geisha like me I think it's far more true to me. "
I didn't even think about it in front of my concubine, and the mayor's exclusion counseling session turned into Ojan.
[# 3 indentation] 44 cut off two sleeves [# "44 cut off two sleeves" is the middle heading]
[# Illustration 44 (fig51160_44.png, width 451 x height 311) is included]
That night, Mayor Kagawa also went to Nishikujo's Shimamura for consultation. Shimamura encouraged the mayor in various ways.
"What if all the city hall workers strike, why not make all the workers workers, or I think all women's groups should occupy the city hall?"
Shimamura said so much and encouraged me, so the mayor also said with great enthusiasm.
"To tell the truth, it would be nice if an organization like Ittoen came out a little more aggressively and did not just clean the toilets in private homes, but also the toilets of the city administration."
"Let's go ask. Asuko has a lot of people in the intellectual class, so I think we can completely carry the city administration ..."
Kikuko visited there with Mrs. Hiroko of Ebisuya and Miss Tsuneko.
The day before the inventor's convention, the women's group was doing a great demonstration, so the labor group came to the request to support it.
"Hey, Mr. Shimamura, not to mention the women's labor union, but I also want as many workers as possible to come out ..."
When Kikuko said this, Hiroko inherited it,
"If you have a red boy, I want you to carry a thin red boy because of smoke as much as possible."
Mayor Kagawa couldn't wait for the words of the two to expire,
"So did you finish your business?"
"I don't have it anymore," Kikuko said, looking back at Tsuneko.
"Then, I'd like to ask you, but I would like to ask the three of you to think about it."
The mayor of Kagawa regained his knees and said in a solemn tone.
"What? Did something difficult happen again?"
"No, it's not a big deal ... Actually, all the members of the city hall went on strike from this afternoon. So, I'd like to ask Ittoen or a student group. I don't know the future yet, but it seems that some women's groups are playing with their wives a lot, so I'd like to ask for the courageous labor of confession service with the intention of going out to Dhutanga one by one at Ittoen. "
"Sora, nothing."
Brave Kikuko shouted so.
"Saa, I don't know if we can do it."
Hiroko, who has a hard time, replied as follows.
"If you do it, it's interesting."
The playful Tsuneko said:
"Do it, do it, everything is in the age of remodeling. Isn't the train ticket sales and the post office savings clerk all women? Is there something you can't do! "
Shimamura encouraged me like this.
Hiroko said to this word
"I'll do it. I've decided. If I don't do it at this time, I won't show the skill of a woman."
"Let's do it"
"Let's do it"
Both Kikuko and Tsuneko agreed with Hiroko.
Mayor Kagawa was pleased with the decisions of the three women, but just in case, I asked him again.
"I'm sure you'll do it, Hiroko-san."
"I'm sure I'll do it. If in doubt, give me both sleeves as proof."
With that said, Hiroko borrowed scissors from Shimamura, cut off both sleeves, and placed them in front of the mayor.
"Mr. Kagawa, the sleeves of a Japanese woman are a little too long to this day. I cut off the sleeves of a Japanese woman only tonight. From now on, we will embark on the world of remodeling. Look. I will start tomorrow. We swear that we will remodel the Osaka municipal administration ... "
Mayor Kagawa bowed in front of the three.
[# 3 indentation] Forty-five women's culture founded [# "Forty-five women's culture founded" is a middle heading]
[# Illustration 45 (fig51160_45.png, width 418 x height 619) is included]
The next day, all the city officials were in business. However, the women's group, which had been making arrangements, immediately arrived at the department of the whole city hall.
Kikuko's nose is rough.
"Isn't the first woman in Japan the sun called Amaterasu Omikami? It's bad because I left politics only to boys. If girls take politics, it wouldn't be possible to build an ugly smoke tube like today. Women as mothers of mankind don't wear smoke tube clothing to their children ... I'm going to spread a women-centered culture in Osaka ... Boys have the power to govern the city very beautifully. No. Look. In the West, every city has a female guardian deity! Amaterasu, Paris, Epeso, and Rome all have female guardian deities.
It was a big mistake to leave Osaka to only men. From now on, we must become the guardian deities of Osaka, destroy the ugly boys' smoke tube civilization, and realize a women-centered artistic culture in Osaka. "
I told the executives of various women's groups. There are only people who are at home and have kitchens, and they are all good at organizing the kitchens of the city hall. A female clerk at the bank was in charge of the accounting section. Female teachers were assigned to the education section, female clerks from the Ministry of Communications were assigned to general affairs, and female doctors and nurses were assigned to the hygiene section. Kikuko and Hiroko are high-ranking assistants for the time being. However, since they all gathered in a service spirit, they do not overwhelm them.
The office work of the city hall is not congested at all. Everything is completely carried.
The city officials who went on strike were also surprised at this.
"Oh my wife, I'm worried that it's strange that they've become strike breakers and oppose our mayor's exclusion."
Some people spilled it as if the mayor instigated the workers to strike, but it was wrong to not allow the city's staff to strike.
Kikuko and other women's group executives said against it.
"Municipal administration is for the people. Its employees are different in character from capitalist employees. Strikes are not allowed in a free society. If strikes are allowed in a free society, the public will be fatally injured. So we have to take it. So in public autonomy, strikes are a moral sin, especially for officials to strike. "
By saying this, he defended the actions of women's groups. Therefore, the clash between the women's group and the city officials' Hikodan was inevitable.
However, women's groups are not obsessed with such things. We must not miss the time to realize that ideal. I resolved to do my best. Since it is noisy to go to the city council, I decided to immediately start a feminine remodeling that can be carried out without going to the city council.
Expansion of daycare centers, organization of women's associations for free nursing for the poor, public milk supply stations, public laundry facilities, establishment of public laundry drying areas, organization of mothers' associations in the whole city, closure of geisha introduction offices-this is the first day Was carried out as a job.
The newspaper reporter was actually surprised even though the activities of the women's group were swift.
[# 3 indentation] 46 Crawling doctor [# "46 Crawling doctor" is a middle heading]
[# Illustration 46 (fig51160_46.png, width 480 x height 586) is included]
The strike of the city officials and the work of the women's group became popular, and various interesting rumors came up in various places that night.
The most rumors among them were that the new mayor intends to dissolve the current city council and elect a female city council member.
That night, the mayor returned to the slums in the back shrine and went to bed early in the evening. However, a woman cried from the neighbor in the middle of the night, so when I jumped up and asked, the daughter of an only child named "Matsue-san" next to me was hugging and crying.
Mr. Matsue was a craftsman of a knitting company for a long time, but he finally got lung disease because the air in the city of smoke was bad, and he had been lying down for more than two months. It was embarrassing to go to Saiseikai, and I had a doctor in the town see me. However, the cost of medicine was horribly high, so I pledged all my belongings, leaving only the futon that I and my parents wore and slept on. After that, he borrowed 40 yen for medicine again, so the doctor said he wouldn't come to visit him anymore. That night, my pulse got worse and I was disappointed, so I decided to ask a doctor to come, but what I care about is the cost of the medicine I borrowed from the doctor.
The father reduced the futon he wore and slept and the futon laid by his daughter and took it to a pawn shop, so he finally made only a quarter of the medicine fee, but with a salt injection. When asked to get it, he says, "Because each one is 5 yen, please be aware of it."
The daughter asked, "Please help me only with my life," and finally I was given only a salt injection, but after the doctor returned, my father and daughter hugged each other and cried. The voice was heard by the mayor sleeping next to him.
Mayor Kagawa cried when his daughter told him the whole story. And I promised to do something tomorrow.
He then thought about various things.
I repeatedly thought about the inhumaneness of doctors, the need for a special nurses' association, and the need for a doctor's courageous service group.
"Yes, I was elected mayor for these poor things, I have to do my best from now on."
Mayor Kagawa encouraged himself and went home, but he couldn't sleep, so he escaped from the house again and wandered alone in the slums.
"Why do I have to struggle so much? Why don't I live a little easier life? Why is there so much pain in the world?"
Thinking like this, he got out of the slums and wandered crying at midnight in Osaka.
No one knows. The world is in deep sleep. However, he cannot sleep because of the guilt and fallacy of Osaka City. I walked alone from town to tears of Bankoku like something crazy.
[# 3 indentation] 47 Tears Flood [# "47 Tears Flood" is the middle heading]
[# Illustration 47 (fig51160_47.png, horizontal 423 x vertical 596) is included]
"It's a lonely night!"
"Is there any salvation in life! When will the darkness of life clear up!"
When walking thinking like this, he forgot who he was before he knew it.
"Anyway, I'll cry and cry and make Osaka tears."
He kept crying about the destruction of the smoke tube civilization, the day of the last collapse of capitalist culture, etc., thinking about the romantic things one after another.
As his nerves swelled, he heard the sound of boiling blood in his vasculature.
By the time he noticed the boiling of blood, his body was already inflated to see.
He expanded as mercury expanded due to heat. He looked down on the city like a superhuman. The Tsutenkaku of Tennoji can now be seen far below. He couldn't guess how big he would be. Or I was worried that it would grow big enough to trample the earth.
It was still a cause for concern to grow so big. He was sad that he had grown too large. So the tears roared and fell underground.
His crying has become dangerous to both himself and society. So he tried to refrain from crying. However, because it was coasting, I couldn't stop it.
Tears fell like heavy rain.
He soon saw a fuss in various parts of the city. And
"It's a flood! It's a flood!"
"Inundation! Inundation!"
"help me! "
"The house flows!"
I heard a cry.
Be careful and look in the direction of the screaming, the house is flowing. If you pay attention to where the water came from, it is the water that came out of your own eyes. Finally the tears flooded. He wondered why such water came out, but it's no wonder when he thinks about it. Large amounts of liquid are always flooding. The city of Osaka is now soaked in his tears.
This did a bad thing. It is a pity that crying because of his love for Osaka has led to a great flood. I struggled to find out why I could make up for it, but there wasn't a good way to do it.
He thought there was no other way to save the inundation than just stop crying, so he thought he would wipe his eyes with a handkerchief and then wipe the tears that had fallen to the ground, but when he moved, the cyclone I thought it might happen and cause a big storm, and I thought it would be bad for the citizens to know me, so I decided to stay still while the citizens were making noise.
Citizens' flood turmoil was terrible. Everyone is wondering because the water came out in a place where the sudden heavy rain had never caused a normal flood. But no one looked up and noticed that it was a superhuman tear, so he was relieved.
In the meantime, the water fell down the ditch from the Yokobori River to Okawa, and the road became empty again. The citizen closed the door again and slept. He, who was left alone in the sky of Osaka, finally regained his nerves. The heat of the blood was gradually reduced.
And, before anyone knew him, he became a former little boy again, so he pretended to know nothing about tears and went back to the slums and slept until morning.
[# 3 indentation] 48 softly control the stiffness [# "48 softly control the stiffness" is the middle heading]
[# Illustration 48 (fig51160_48.png, horizontal 468 x vertical 262) is included]
The next day, the mayor went out to the city hall with an unfamiliar face.
In front of the city hall, there was a big struggle between the city staff's strike corps and the women's group's heroic corps on the issue of surveillance << picketing >>.
The women's group tries to safely put the women who go to the office into the city hall. The striker will not be able to enter. Meanwhile, a fierce struggle arose. The woman, who had been expecting this to happen, held her hands together and rushed toward the observer, devising a way to safely put the visitors into the city hall.
The captain of the guardian corps of the attendant was Miss Kikuko Yasujikawa, and I heard that she was a master of judo, and the observer couldn't get close to it. Some of them are close to what the beautiful woman's face looks like, but I don't think I'll see anything, so I can't get close to it easily.
However, it does not release the monitoring. And the daughter and child army "Roshigun" has not been defeated either. There, the daughter-child army and the guards of the staff were glaring at each other. The number of spectators is increasing, and all the people who have business in the city hall turn into spectators quickly, and the citizens make noise as if they were watching a swashbuckler.
The police have stated strict neutrality and have an unknown face. Therefore, the daughter and child army took endurance measures, and the guards decided to hang on to that side for a while.
However, men and women seem to have a strange fusion, and some of the staff members who came to watch surrendered to the daughter-child army, brought cider, and treated milk caramel. done.
And, in the end, the enemy took over the guard of the daughter and child army. In other words, it became clear in the morning that the member strike corps could not beat the woman very much.
The daughter and child army in the agency is working hard on the office work. Even if it's about to surrender the castle to the enemy, the work is remarkable because it works only with the desire to achieve as good a result as possible in the meantime.
The work program of the day was a city-wide consumer union organization, a public management of a wooden rent inn, a conquest of bad doctors and the establishment of a health union. (I want to get rid of doctors) Make all train vehicles rubber wheels, set up soot observers, impose fines on those who send soot into the air for the purpose of preventing soot, research and investigation of soot tax And so on.
The family register clerk was polite and kind, and there was no need to make more than eleven corrections. This is because all the members will correct it by themselves using a Japanese typewriter. Citizens were very pleased with these reforms.
The hygiene section is also very popular. It cleans all areas of the city beautifully from the innocence of women. For this reason, it was thought that Osaka City would become an artistic city that had never been seen since its opening.
This provided sufficient evidence that it was completely false that the woman was thought to have no political ability. No, the mayor thought that the culture of the future must be an artistic women-centered culture, because the nature of women who are obedient to the opposite is really convenient for conducting a consortium of new civilization.
[# 3 indentation] 49 doll house and human house [# "49 doll house and human house" is a middle heading]
[# Illustration 49 (fig51160_49.png, horizontal 485 x vertical 568) is included]
When the city official saw that the strike was unsuccessful, he asked the Labor Union for assistance with the strike.
Therefore, in the Labor Union, a strike investigation committee held an investigation committee. There were seven members, including Nishio Suehiro, Yuji Minami, Nobuyuki Shimamura, Bunshichi Ishioka, and Kunimatsu Takafuji.
As a result of the investigation, the committee members decided to stand by for a while. Not all of the strikes were good, and even if the mayor was a little tyrannical, he went on strike despite his statement that he would voluntarily undertake the city administration, so the staff were less bureaucratic. It was because it was determined that it was too sticky. However, he announced that he would take a side-by-side attitude because he couldn't make a rush.
Therefore, the member strike corps was no longer able to reach out. On top of that, I had the city council open, and I thought that there was no solution other than setting up the mayor's exclusion, so I split my hand and visited the city council members.
The intention of the city council members was to dismiss the mayor until 9 minutes.
On the other hand, only Shogoro Matsushima and Funazo Anjikawa had the courage to thoroughly dismiss the mayor.
As a citizen, I don't have much hobby about who will take the city administration. However, there are many things that make me very happy because the efficiency goes up after the women's group plays a central role. Therefore, I thought that it would be a problem to dismiss the mayor and receive a counterattack by the citizens, so I should have held a city council, but I did not open it.
The city hall on the third day was more efficient than the day before and the day before. The exclusion was also invalid, so it was canceled. On the contrary, women's groups have said that they must actively promote social remodeling programs.
"Improvement of domestic labor", "Eight-hour work for young women", "Destruction of public prostitution system", "Expansion of urban monopoly business", "Stock market municipality", "Bank municipality", "Warehouse municipality", "Pawn shop municipality" I decided to make a policy to carry out everything necessary for city life by the municipal government.
However, more than half of the city council members are troublesome people who parasitize and intimidate these central institutions. The battle is not easy. You have to wait a considerable amount of time to do these things. Until then, she thought she had to qualify for a voice in the city administration alone. However, there is no idea when the women's suffrage will be available to women. In the end, I decided to implement it from a policy that was easy to implement. In other words, the women's federations of the whole city unite and demand women's suffrage through the household, and if there is something that does not recognize the women's suffrage, the women's group will carry out a total strike on the household. is what happened.
Women's suffrage is not the purpose of politics itself. But it was thought necessary to clean up the dirty cities and civilizations of today and transform Adam's smoke tube into a more artistic "Tree of Life."
[# 3 indentation] Activities of 50 soot watchers [# "Activities of 50 soot watchers" is a middle heading]
[# Illustration 50 (fig51160_50.png, width 473 x height 530) is included]
"Hey, South Nana, too much smoke comes out of the chimney of the knitted company."
When the soot watcher shouted from the top of the fire lookout tower,
"Yeah, I'll come now."
Screaming like this, the observer flew in that direction. Smoke is coming out from the thin chimney of the knitting company as if smoking the sky.
The supervisor went into the office and pointed at the smoke tube,
"That was the chimney of this company."
The clerk opened his eyes to see what had happened,
"Yes, what's wrong?"
"There is a little too much smoke."
"I don't want to be loud if it's a little bit, but that's bad for the hygiene of the residents around here, so I'll get a fine of five yen."
"A fine of 5 yen?"
"Yes, I'm supposed to get a fine."
"We don't know anything about that."
"The fine of five yen is still cheap. You don't know how much trouble the citizens are suffering from sending so much soot, but because of this, Osaka City is suffering from lung disease every year. Since the number of people is increasing and the number of people dying is increasing, those who do not think about the public security of the citizens may be sentenced to death, but in order to warn after this, only the first offense of 5 yen is required. I will forgive you. "
"I won't pay you"
"Okay, then I'll order the prime mover to shut down."
"It's a terrible curtain ... Is it so bad to emit smoke? Until yesterday and the day before yesterday, no matter how much coal was put in and smoke was emitted, no one would get angry! Who decided that? "
"This is the mayor."
"Who is this mayor?"
"I'm Mr. Kagawa"
"Oh, that idiot ... who made such a man the mayor?"
"Saa, anyway, my role is to get a fine, so let's just get a fine."
"No, I won't pay such an illegal fine."
"Then, I'll order you to stop running the machine."
"Please order. If you can do such a violent thing, try it anytime. Where is the law that you can't put out what was all-you-can-eat soot until yesterday?"
"You don't seem to think too much about yourself and the inconvenience of the citizens."
The supervisor said seriously:
"It's ridiculous! I can't get smoke out of my chimney ... Why do you forgive such a chimney! It's because the chimney is for smoke, or if it doesn't come out, it's a chimney! You guys, can you say something even if you think about it? "
"Until yesterday, the citizens were doing exactly what they wanted, but it turned out to be bad, and from today there are even smoke-free observers. You say that selfishness. I can't do that. In order to prevent smoke, I should fix the way to build the Kamado a little! It's a very cheap job that can be done for 100 yen or 200 yen, don't do it. And it's a big smoke to bother the citizens. The fine of 5 yen is cheap. "
The clerk of the knitting company reluctantly brought a five-yen bill from the accounting and handed it to the supervisor. The supervisor also flew back to the Fire Lookout Tower.
[# 3 indentation] 51 busy continuous life [# "51 busy continuous life" is a middle heading]
[# Illustration 51 (fig51160_51.png, horizontal 409 x vertical 614) is included]
There were various rumors about the flood. It's no wonder if it rains all over Osaka, but he says he doesn't even know the weather station because of the local floods.
The night watchman also said he didn't know, and he said he didn't know the policeman [# "the policeman" is mom].
Some say it's a "fox urine", and some say it's a ruptured water pipe. Because of that, both Dojima and Kitahama seem to be a little uneasy. Kitahama's middlemen spilled that if such a mysterious flood occurred frequently after this, it would not be the smoke of Osaka, and they could not sleep with great peace of mind.
Some said it was a mysterious rain that Kobo Daishi had dropped, and some said it was a sign of war or something ominous to the nation.
However, no one knew the cause. Rumors only grew every day. It's an era when a woman occupies the city hall, and an era when an unidentified man sits on the mayor, so there may be any conspiracy. Or maybe the nine-tailed fox came from Karatenjiku and broke out to the mayor of Osaka. Or I could say that the militants may be doing various things to annoy Japan with mysterious tactics.
For some reason, there were rumors among the citizens that the shadow of Onyudo cast on the entire city of Osaka on the night of the flood. The story spread from the fact that a person in Kobe died of fainting because the Onyudo, which overlooked all of Osaka, stood in the sky of Osaka when he urinates that morning.
Because it was a story told by a dead man, I don't know how much it should be believed, but anyway, the superstitious Osaka people have come to believe it at all.
"Hey, there seems to be a big entrance to the sky in Osaka every night!"
"Hey, don't say anything that scares people so much."
"Because it's true! No one now believes it!"
"Then, I'll do it with devotion, like I see that."
The citizens of all Osaka are now quite enthusiastic and religious. Ikoma's Seiten-sama, Nose's Myomi-san, Kozu Shrine, and Tenman's Tenjin-san are all packed every day.
It was the same as praying for the extermination of a completely ominous year.
Mayor Kagawa was completely vulnerable to this rumor. No one believes it when I say it clearly, and if I don't say it, what kind of trouble may happen after this. Some people may be surprised and die if they say that Onyudo is themselves. He was in trouble at all with this.
I got tired of taking politics seriously. In the end, humans are like mice running on the same car as they are, and there is no progress or development in the civilization as it is today. After this, even if you survive for hundreds of thousands of years, the result is the same. Everything is malaise. The aerial conquest and the female civilization are all meaningless efforts.
He thought that he had to dig into something a little stronger in the world of truth.
What do all social movements really stand on? Marx socialists would say "on materialistic production". But what is its material production for, in short, to live! And what is it for living?
Ah, everything is the surface of the surface. Humans have to live a little deeper. Social movements and labor disputes are all futile unless we start from the fundamentals of this life. Thinking this way, when he looked at the sky of Osaka, the smoke of Osaka was also empty.
[# 3 indentation] 52 World of human abuse [# "52 World of human abuse" is a middle heading]
[# Illustration 52 (fig51160_52.png, width 450 x height 458) is included]
He wanted to quit the mayor of Osaka. However, I couldn't quit the mayor of Osaka anymore, and I struggled with the fate I had decided.
I don't think he's boring enough to be the mayor. I'm just paying a lot of attention, people are saying bad things, I can't study, I'm twisting old old laws that are useless and somehow making legal actions, but in the end it's also empty It's empty. There are no inventions or discoveries. I think it would be much smarter to study the evolution of the skeleton of living things and also to examine the changes in zygomatic bones.
First, he didn't like city life. Everything is superficial. Beauty is gone from every part. Chimneys, iron bridges, zinc-clad roofs, tiled deserts, and tired craftsmen-the lustful prostitutes and prostitutes, all lazy and all suffering from revolutionary neurological weakness.
If you live in a corrupt city like today, it is natural that you will want to demand even a revolution as a substitute for morphine.
And a slum! Tens of thousands of people with disabilities have no hope of eating and are hungry.
On the other hand, if there are too many gold coins in the safe and a thief comes, it's scary, so if you live alone, there is nothing you can love even if you want to be cute, so only dogs are loved instead of humans. There is also a lady.
He deeply mourned the anomaly of modern civilization. I thought that the only way to live more beautifully and truly was to destroy urban civilization. The destruction of the smoke tube civilization means the destruction of the urban civilization. Use your white hands to wipe out people who don't even want to wash their bowls.
When I said that, it wasn't a consultation that I could do right now, and he felt a dead end at all.
When he feels such a deadlock, he always has a habit of begging for inanimate comfort.
He left at 4 pm and went for a walk in the countryside without returning to the slums. So he wanted to leave the two-legged animals, the soot, and the slums and stay in contact with nature for a short while.
He took the Keihan train from Tenmanbashi to Hirakata, climbed the eastern hill from Hirakata, and went out to his favorite Kitakawachi | Katano. He wandered alone in the stray. From Yamada Village to Oike in Tsuda Village, he just thought about nothing but the beauty of nature.
The frog is singing in the rice fields. A dragonfly is flying. Medaka is swimming in a beautiful stream.
He sat beside the stream and remembered his childhood. I miss the six and seven times when I kept medaka in a bottle and caught snails. A loach shook his head from the bottom of the soil. Gengoro insects are dancing in the water.
[# 3 indentation] 53 natural temptation [# "53 natural temptation" is a middle heading]
[# Illustration 53 (fig51160_53.png, horizontal 486 x vertical 542) is included]
He thought that if he could become a part of this wilderness, he might be happier than being the Mayor of Osaka.
So, I asked my childhood friend, Medaka.
"Hey, Mr. Medaka, I'm so tired of my life that I'm in trouble, can you join me?"
When Medaka heard this, he refused.
"No, if you don't have a new birth, you can't enter the country of killifish."
"Because I don't have the courage to go back to Osaka as it is. Please let me join you, thinking that I will help each one."
Because I asked again, <Medaka> seems to have become serious.
"Are you humble?"
"I will be humble no matter how much"
"Don't think you know anything. Do you admit that your knowledge was so shallow?"
"Of course I admit it."
<Medaka> continued to ask questions.
"You can't join our group as a human being. If you join the group of Medaka, can you become the heart of" Medaka "?"
"I want to be. I want to be that. In fact, I'm just tired of humans."
"If you get tired of humans so much, do you have the hope of becoming a fish forever?"
When asked this way, he was in trouble too.
"Have you answered yet? One, two, three, four, ..."
"What is your question, do you want me to be a fish forever?"
"That's right! "
"Wait a minute ..."
"Five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten ......... haven't you answered yet? ... If you can't answer by the time I say twenty, you can't join us forever. No. We are very busy. Summer is our time of scraping [# aside from "scraping"], and if we don't evolve in the summer, we have no other opportunity ... ten One, twelve, thirteen, fourteen, haven't you answered yet? ""
"Medaka-san, even if I hurry so much, I still can't decide ..."
"That would lag behind the evolution of the universe. Plants are making even greater efforts than animals. I can't take a sip like you. ...... Fourteenth, fifteenth, sixteenth, seventeenth, ... there are only three seconds left. "
"I don't want to be just killifish. I want to be everything in nature."
"Okay, that's okay. You can't go straight, so I'll give you seven and a half ropes."
When I thought that <Medaka> said that, the spider that had been hanging from the tree from the beginning came down slippery and tightened Mayor Kagawa with a spider's thread of seven and a half muscles. And the spider has disappeared somewhere.
<Medaka> shouted from inside the small groove.
"You have become a captive of nature. You cannot return to the human world forever."
Speaking of which, the little bird on the tree, the Gengoro insect in the water, and the gold streak frog on the shore all laughed loudly.
When I thought that there was someone who made a strange laugh, he remembered that his body was ecstatic and daunting.
"Ah, I was finally fascinated by nature," the mayor felt, but by that time he had already sunk to the bottom of the stream.
[# 3 indentation] 54 Tasui-sensei's life philosophy [# "54 Tasui-sensei's life philosophy" is a middle heading]
[# Illustration 54 (fig51160_54.png, width 451 x height 335) is included]
At the bottom of the stream, he was surrounded by silence and noticed that his body contracted due to the water and the majestic natural pressure.
He was extremely tired because of the big changes that happened to his body. He slept like he often slept before and after molting.
His fear was that he might fall asleep forever. Apparently, all the creatures living in nature seemed to be ecstatic and semi-awakened. When I saw the crabs and loaches going, I went one shaku and took a nap, and ran five shaku and rested. Whether it's due to lack of energy or a difficult life, the creatures at the bottom of the stream are like coming to the "sleeping world."
He demands a long sleep. He was too tired under the soot.
However, it was not because of this eternal sleep that he fell in love with nature. He demanded rest, but not loneliness. He demanded to wake up. Human life is so uniform that it never awakens, so I chose nature because I wanted to awaken even more.
However, thankfully, it is a change. There are many changes in nature that are not seen in the human world. Everything seems to depend on fate, so there are many changes. He quietly buried himself in the mud at the bottom of the stream-as if he were a loach, looking at the changing surroundings.
The water is transparent, the floating grass is beautiful, the rays of the sun are dazzling, and when it shines on the surface of the water, small waves like a rainbow appear. The fruit of the trapa japonica is beautifully hidden under the leaves and is crowded around it. Crabs often eat soil by the side of the hole. The snail is buried deep in the mud and acts like a Cynic philosopher. Both the algae and the reeds on the shore stand silently with beautiful lines drawn in the space.
The dragonfly larva sinks and climbs, and at the root of the bud, it imitates a sloppy gymnastics. The one who is busy is Gengoro Mushi, who goes around the same area in the 33rd and 8th form, and then does a strange exercise that goes a little further.
Unlike looking under the smoke of Osaka, it is fun to look at. As the spider's thread of seven and a half lines could not be unraveled yet, he was a captive of "nature" and was exposed in front of everyone. After a while, the riverbed philosopher, Mr. Tanishi Inu, came to the mayor who was captivated by his house with his house stuck to his body.
"Nou! The human child, the human world, isn't it so noisy?"
Suddenly, the mayor came in because he asked philosophical questions.
"It's noisy. It's noisy. There can't be peace between the advancement of the frog child. The only thing that disturbs peace in this small ditch is the frog that always eats the frog. The human child. They are all the rise of frog cubs. There is no reason for peace to be found among them. "
Mayor Kagawa wanted to protest against it, but he couldn't speak. For the first time he realized that he was captivated by his mouth. Mr. Tasui is talking alone.
"It's the same in the world of frogs, and even among human children. When it comes to the stage of giving birth and raising children, it will be a great win with a weak and strong diet. The reputation that human children have become very bad. Is also standing here, but are you one of the fallen warriors who lost the competition for survival? The world of human children is really shallow. Especially the Japanese seem to be ill-mannered! There are a few humans in Japan. Isn't it too much? A human being with only scraps! A messy mess! You must have fallen to this point because you were about to be killed. "
[# 3 indentation] The struggle on the 55 cochlear horn [# "The struggle on the 55 cochlear horn" is the middle heading]
[# Illustration 55 (fig51160_55.png, width 478 x height 371) is included]
"Hey frog child (calling so) Come out a little so far! Let's show you something interesting."
Mr. Tasui summoned the mayor to his side and
"Can you see it? Is that the cochlea at the tip of the branch?" He pointed to the tip of the zelkova tree on the shore.
"Where where? "
"A zelkova tree cochlea standing on that shore."
"I saw it. I saw it!"
"Can you see the war?"
"I can see. I can see."
Indeed, when it comes to saying, on the horns of the cochlea, both small men like samurai dolls are stiffened in armor and straddling brown horses.
He squeezed his spear cheerfully and crossed over with each other. The one who struck the pitiful phase fell first. And those who were struck also fell shortly afterwards. When I thought that the war was over, an armored warrior later climbed up on the corner. And they are fighting for a place less than a square millimeter above the corner.
"That's it! That's it! Frog cub, did you understand? Humans are such a goddamn thing. There is a space less than a square millimeter above that corner of my relative's cochlea, but that You're claiming ownership and making a fuss every day, every day. Whether it rains or the wind blows, the struggle on the corner is all year round. We're very rare. I don't mind because it's not there, but it's rare for the first one to come. "
The mayor was completely surprised. I've heard about the fight on the cochlear horn for a long time, but when you look at it from the bottom of the stream, it looks like a reality.
"Human beings are in trouble because of that! There are things that scream about human evolution while doing such things, so your fellow philosophers are very incompetent! These days, class struggles are frequent. It seems that there are many materialist philosophers who shout, but I wonder if they are also fighters on the cochlear horn.
A group of killifish came out from the Hishihakage.
"I'm doing it again"
"Today, the weather is nice, so I'm doing it from the morning."
Tasui replied so.
"It's something that has been so patient."
"That must have been born ... There are often murderers, but humans seem to have a lot of murderer's blood."
Tasui abuses humans. However, there is no point in being cursed. As Tasui says, humans have been struggling since the beginning of human history.
Mayor Kagawa was taught by Tasui how stupid human beings were, and was silently snarling in the mud. <Medaka> who saw it
"Let's break the commandments."
I asked Tasui.
"Unravel it. You're a fallen warrior who lost the Kakujoe War, so you won't be too crazy. I'll take care of you."
Because it was guaranteed by Tasui, <Medaka> untied the spider's thread of seven and a half muscles from the body of the mayor.
[# 3 indentation] 56 Underwater democracy [# "56 Underwater democracy" is a middle heading]
[# Illustration 56 (fig51160_56.png, width 453 x height 345) is included]
As soon as the rope was unraveled, he was able to say things.
To that joy, he sang a hymn in a loud voice.
[# Indent 3 characters from here]
"Farewell, Yukine, a night dream
The shadow of the morning sun
Show my hesitation to the pod
Myself is S Kimi "
[# End of indentation here]
When he chanted, all the animals in the water chanted.
[# Indent 3 characters from here]
"Guigui, Kirikiri Kirikiri
Guigui Kirikiri Kirikiri "
[# End of indentation here]
Crabs, killifish, Gengoro insects, frogs, loaches, and snails joined the chorus.
<Medaka> told the mayor of Kagawa.
"From today, you are a free man of nature. You are free to talk to everything from now on. Crabs, snails, killifish, frogs ... but be careful. It's a bad guy. Some of our friends have been eaten by him. Be careful. You can be eaten if you're not careful. Are you good at running away? I'm good at swimming, so I'll catch you if you don't run away very quickly. The crab has such a terrifying appearance and the crab is very gentle, and it has a good reputation among our friends ... I can't talk about it. "
While <Medaka> was talking alone, the lord frog approached.
"Welcome to our customers!"
It's pretty charming. <Medaka> was surprised and hid somewhere.
"Where are you from today? From Osaka? From Kyo? This is right in the middle of Kyo and Osaka, and it is said that both are Gori. You could see from either side. Is it? "
"I'm from Osaka"
"Well, welcome to come out. There are two factions at the bottom of this river, customers, ah, people who come here are supposed to be on either side. Which one are you? Would you like to accompany me? "
"I don't want to be on either side. I've always hated parties."
"Still, you can't live here unless you get one."
"Why again? I'm too tired to get involved in political parties and politics. I don't want to make a party turmoil until I come to the bottom of the river."
While listening to it and squeezing the eyeballs that popped out
"If you say that, you'll be terrible now."
All the animals at the bottom of the river gathered, as if <Medaka> had made a great effort. A total of seven people, including Mr. Tasui "Kenju", a crab, a dragonfly, a dragonfly larva, and a Gengoro worm, came to us.
At the meeting place, the <Medaka> couple are also quite bold. Sit by the frog without any fear. The mayor was looking smaller. Eventually, "Chairman" and "Medaka" shouted. "Sixth!", Tasui pointed to "Medaka". It seems that Tasui is the chairman.
"I demand the frog to leave."
The frog was angry when he heard it and raised his eyes.
"I will not leave"
<Medaka> cries and
"Don't you eat my brother? This brute guy!"
The snail is the most calm,
"Medaka-san, be quiet! I'll hurry the proceedings. Everyone, it's nothing else to hold an extraordinary parliament today. A new guest has grown on this riverbed, so I'd like to decide on that department. . Please give us your opinion. "
[# 3 indentation] 57 Tasui faction and frog hall [# "57 Tasui faction and frog hall" is a middle heading]
[# Illustration 57 (fig51160_57.png, horizontal 464 x vertical 356) is included]
"Chairman!" Said the loach, twisting the famous thin beard.
"Ichiban!"
The loach was called the first and stood up.
"Chair, I want to adopt him. My family was unmanned and I was looking for a successor to the seam. Fortunately, my daughter was also a loach this year. I graduated from school with honors and I hope he will come to us for adoption. "
It was Gengoro Mushi who called "Chairman!".
"I disagree with the loach theory. He is too selfish. He is a lower animal who only strives to adopt his own forces and eats mud from morning till night. Like him. Adopting a two-legged animal is the basis for breaking democracy at the bottom of the river. "
It was the frog who shouted "Chairman!"
"I agree with the expulsion of that two-legged animal. He is a murderer imported by the crying miso Medaka. He will surely disturb our country's well-being order in the future. Yes ... It seems that the Medaka couple here had been told that I had eaten their brothers, but we don't remember doing that, and maybe I think it's the work of a two-legged animal standing in the air. "
The voice of "No, no" comes from all sides.
The crab, which was a silent victory, shook a large pair of scissors and glared at the frog with long eyes.
"I'm a liar!" Yelled.
The frog and crab scissors looked very scary, and shrugged and shrunk.
"I would like to hear the opinion of the chairman."
"Medaka" shouted.
Tasui opened his heavy lips and said.
"I have always advocated individualism and haven't had much trouble with social issues, so I don't have any opinions, but I have the opposite personality to frogs, so I hate verbal discussions. I don't agree with the frogs who follow the popularism "Bolseviki" in terms of principle, but I agree with the principle of "Medaka" even with the same democracy. I am an individualist anakist by nature. But, as Proudhon says, "richness is stealing" cannot be understood. My house is an adjunct to my body, never made by a thief. "
The frog shouts, "Derailment! Derailment!" When the crab shakes the scissors, the frog shrinks its neck again.
"I insist on absolute freedom, so if a two-legged animal wants to live in our world, I think I should guarantee him freedom, and if the loach wants him to be adopted, that's fine. Well, I don't want to be bound by anyone, and I don't want to be bound by anyone.
The ones who were pleased were the killifish and the loach. They applauded hard.
The frog saw it and stood up with a bright red face.
"It's a bourgeois democracy. Crabs have holes, snails have shells, but rain frogs are proletariats without pillows. If we lead the world with the ideals of snails and crabs, we A bourgeoisie of karate karate like this has no choice but to starve to death. "
"That's why I'm going to eat" Medaka "," says Gengoro Mushi.
Tasui declared.
"At all, liberals and centralists can't act together. Today's conference has no choice but to break down. Do you have any opinions on that?"
The loach asked.
"Then, is it okay for me to come to adopt?"
"Let's make it free, do you have any objections?"
The frog shouts, "No! No!"
"Agree! Agree!" And everything else calls in a row.
"I won't take a decision. The majority vote is boring, so let's do it ourselves."
Saying that, Tasui looked over the chamber with a smirk face.
No one was against it.
However, the appearance of the frog where I went was no longer visible in the chamber.
[# 3 indentation] 58 loach bride [# "58 loach bride" is the middle heading]
[# Illustration 58 (fig51160_58.png, width 450 x height 363) is included]
If you think that the meeting is over,
"We will have a wedding soon."
Said the loach.
When I was wondering what to do,
The loach pulled a daughter decorated with algae and aquatic plants.
"From now on, we will adopt you in the presence of everyone."
The loach is a loach.
"I don't agree"
The mayor objected with a sad voice.
"There is no need to consent. I can do it, so I will do it."
I was wondering, "I say something strange," so the mayor asked Tasui for the first time.
"Is it possible to get married here without the knowledge of one?"
"No, in the fish world, you're not at all responsible because the female species doesn't get pregnant in the belly without the need for the bonds that occur between mammals. Don't worry. . I'm making a noise without permission, so throw it away. "
When I was told that, it turned out that the breeding method of fish was one-sided and there was no problem at all.
So he stood silently.
The loach and his wife were talking about something like a spell with their daughter. And he said out loud.
"The wedding is over. Please, as a customer, please come to my house."
The mayor had no idea what it was, so when he stood up and looked at it, the crab turned his eyes and stared at the loach.
"This two-legged animal is our common property! You are not the property of one person."
With that said, the crab hugged the mayor with two legs.
<Medaka> opposed it.
"This person is the one I brought here. It's my customer. It's justified to bring it back to my house."
The crab shook a big pair of scissors and shouted.
"What do you say? Fool, you can't own him alone. He belongs to society as a whole!"
<Medaka> is not defeated.
"Doesn't it mean that belonging to society as a whole does not belong to anyone? Who treats him? Communism only when you insist on communism So, isn't it communism that has never been given to a person! I disagree with such communism. True communism begins with giving. I think he belongs to us. I will guide you to my house. "
The mayor was impressed with what <Medaka> said. So he wanted to go to Medaka's house. I sang for lunch on Saturday and was hungry because I didn't eat anything.
However, when I said that I wanted to go to <Medaka>'s house, I was silent because I thought it would cause a big uproar.
Loach cuts [# "emphasis mark"]
"The treat is already cold. It seems that the customers are going home. Please come out early."
The crab yelled out loud.
"Don't forgive his private ownership! All the superior species are publicly owned .... You all go home! I am the protector of communism. I alone protect him ... I am Take him back to my hole to protect him in a safe zone. "
That said, in violence, the first crab on the riverbed carried the small mayor between his big claws and carried it to his hole.
[# 3 indentation] 59 crab loneliness [# "59 crab loneliness" is the middle heading]
[# Illustration 59 (fig51160_59.png, width 430 x height 446) is included]
"I'm lonely. I'm lonely. There's a deep reason why I got you to come."
The crab started talking with a sad tone.
"In the world, I say I'm very strong. Actually, I'm tired of myself. With such a loach-like appearance, no one will approach me. I'm lonely. It can't be helped. Nowadays, this big claw is in the way and it can't be helped. Just because there is this claw, even if it's a killifish or a loach, it will run away when you see it. "
The crab shed tears and lamented her misfortune. Being captivated by crabs, he became as sad as he was told about the crabs.
"Are you non-resistive?"
I asked Crabs out of the blue.
"Well, everyone says so, but I'm a radical contender. I just don't want the dispute to be violence."
"Anything other than violence?"
"Well, that's right."
"That is smarter"
"I want to go home already. Will you let me go home?"
"Tell me a little more. I'm lonely. Tell me about the reduction of armaments .... Is the world really able to reduce armaments and be safe? Tell me that! Which is the competition for survival? I need it to a certain extent. Tell me about it, and I'm in agony now. I've been wearing such a heavy armor since I was born, so that's all the seed of anguish. It has become. "
"Mr. Crab, that's what I want to ask you. I'm always being bullied by Gorotsuki, so I'm wondering why I should escape the threat."
The crab is eye-opening
"What is Gorotsuki? What kind of animal is it?"
"It's a parasite"
"Should I kill him with scissors?"
"Sora, your theory of violence came out!"
"Um, I still believe in the effects of scissors! I sometimes become a violence denialist, sometimes I become a violence affirmative, I have no argument. There is only execution!"
While rumbling, the night came to the bottom of the river. When the night came, the crab hurriedly didn't care about the customer, and fell asleep in the back. So the mayor escaped from the crab hole and took a walk alone on the riverbed. The night at the bottom of the river is truly mysterious. The stars reflect off the surface of the water and look like a bonfire. Phosphorescent animals go through the algae.
[# 3 indentation] 60 transformation mystery [# "60 transformation mystery" is a middle heading]
[# Illustration 60 (fig51160_60.png, horizontal 406 x vertical 460) is included]
He was quietly meditating under the algae grass roots. Apparently he also healed his memory weakness. With this energy, I decided to go on an aerial conquest of Osaka again.
So he decided and went out to the surface of the water. Although his stay at the bottom of the water was short-lived, he couldn't get out of the water because he seemed to have made a lot of changes on his body. I felt like I was being pressed down somehow. So he decided to go down to the bottom of the water again.
He was crying at the base of the algae until morning, thinking as if he had been thrown into the abyss of despair.
When the surface of the water was a little low and the light of the white migratory stars was fading, he noticed that the dragonfly larvae were working hard in the shadow of the algae. So he asked.
"Good morning. It seems that the dragonfly's son, Asato, is preparing for you. Where are you?"
The dragonfly larva smiled on his face while
"I'm leaving the water today."
"Hey, leave the water? Why again?"
"It's time, so I'm thinking of jumping up with feathers, so I'm sorry."
"I see. You're evolving, right?"
"Yes, it's a leap forward."
"Can you tell me how to make that leap!"
The dragonfly cub shook his big head and asked.
"What do you do when you remember it?"
"I want to go home"
"Where is your home?"
"it's Osaka"
"Is that the city of smoke?"
"You know well."
"There is a legend from ancestors, and it is taught that the city of Osaka is a dangerous city because of the smoke ... What are you doing there?"
"I'm at the government office"
"It seems that labor problems are noisy in Osaka these days ... Is it steadily developing?"
"It seems that it has become a revolution in Oita these days."
"What do you mean by revolutionary? Do you mean to take destructive actions?"
"Well, that's it."
The dragonfly child frowned and asked.
"Do they understand the true meaning of the revolution?"
"Come on ..."
"The true revolution does not seem to be understood by human children."
"Then what do you think?"
"Flying! It's changing from the inside. It's useless if you don't have the power to fly from athlete's foot into the air like me .... But humans don't seem to be able to fly like us. Internally. No matter how much unchanging things do, like crabs and frogs, they can do a revolution of imposition with violence and power. In the end, they just crawl on the land. A true revolution must be done from within the soul. No. If you don't, you can't hope for a leap in life. You're a slave of the situation forever. Do it well. I'll help you too. "
The dragonfly cub is young, so it is said that it was quite exciting.
"Then, can you do what you asked for earlier?"
"It's cheap"
With that said, the dragonfly cub kindly fetched a few young leaves from the algae plexus "Kusamura". And told him.
"Eat this, and you will not only be able to return to the ground like I am, but you will be free to fly up in the air. This is called a'transformation wonder'. Excuse me for this. I'm leaving soon ... "
After saying so, the dragonfly cub left the surface of the water and went up in the air while looking at it.
The mayor ate a leaf as the dragonfly child told me. Then, strangely, he became lighter and thought that he would fly up in the air. He was ecstatic and forgot his ego.
[# 3 indentation] 61 me and me [# "61 me and me" is the middle heading]
[# Illustration 61 (fig51160_61.png, width 396 x height 466) is included]
When he returned to the ground, he saw a young man indulging in meditation under the Nobe tree.
He was sitting still without noticing that it would hit the night dew. It was already past 9 pm and there was a fire here and there in Nobe. It was just like the phosphorescence of athlete's foot on the riverbed.
He was sad to see the tired appearance of the young man sitting still, so he called out.
"You! You!"
The young man opened his big eyes with a click,
"What? Is there anything I need to do?"
The mayor of Kagawa, who came out from the bottom of the river, was silently looking at the young man's face. No matter what you think, it's your face.
So I asked.
"You weren't Toyohiko Kagawa?"
"Yes, I'm Toyohiko Kagawa ... Who are you? It seems familiar, but I'm so tired that I'm not sure about my consciousness ... Isn't you also Toyohiko Kagawa?"
The mayor who came out from the bottom of the river answered clearly.
"I'm Toyohiko Kagawa"
The man who was sitting still stood up with Su and
"Okay, I was vague. You are Toyohiko Kagawa in the soul. I am Toyohiko Kagawa in the meat. Excuse me."
"No, I'm not the soul of Toyohiko Kagawa, I'm Toyohiko Kagawa now. You're Toyohiko Kagawa five hours ago. I'm the <past> ... Actually, I have to tell you. No, but let's say goodbye to you for five hours. In that short time I became a whole new person. Nature has given me great lessons and power. I was taught how boring humans are at the bottom of the river and how humans should work harder ...
‥ …… I have learned the philosophy of life from the snail, the injuries from the crab, and the evolution from the dragonfly child. And I was free to take medicine that could fly in the air. ......
‥ …… The dragonfly cub flew here earlier! The dragonfly taught me how to transform. So the present "I" and the past "I" are different, and I do not wonder that there are two "I". It is the difference between larvae and adults. The difference between silk moths and butterflies. ......
The present I am a free spirit, and the past <you> are bound (although it is rude to say you) ... with a spider's thread ... a human being. Living things should not be able to live without change. However, it was bad that human beings have considered only external revolutions to this day and have not thought about any ingenuity in transformation.
I am already a transformed spirit body. He is a free man who was taught how to evolve by a dragonfly child in a five-hour riverbed life. Don't spill, you and I are already on the evolutionary path. ...... I used to be not me now. I can say that I am a resurrected person. In the past I was timid and unable to fly. Of course I swear I will help you. But I can give you a lot of criticism, so stay tuned. I'm going back to the slums in Osaka with you. So I will do my best to help you with your work. However, I will be as critical as possible about your involvement in the unfounded popular movements of the past. Are you sure? Saa, let's go home together, Toyohiko Kagawa in the past! Have you become conscious yet? ""
"Okay! Mr. Kagawa of the soul, I would like to work hard to follow your wishes."
Mr. Kagawa, a spiritual body, said in consideration of Mr. Kagawa in the past.
"You seem to distinguish between the soul and the body, but I don't want to distinguish it. I just call the present me the" spirit "me and the past me the" flesh "me. There is no difference in that, but be aware that it is not a dualism of spiritual flesh, as it is often misunderstood. I am one who extends over time and I who extends over space. I think there is, so I think it's best to stay together as much as possible. But if the need arises, let's work differently. Did you make a point? "
"I got the point. Thank you for your time."
The two got along well and returned from Hirakata to the City of Smoke.
[# 3 indentation] 62 sparrow burial [# "62 sparrow burial" is the middle heading]
[# Illustration 62 (fig51160_62.png, width 468 x height 242) is included]
What I discovered when I returned to the slums was that the daughter next door died that afternoon. I felt sorry for letting him die without finally letting him go to the hospital, and I thought I'm sorry. Since no one has anything to do at night, Mayor Kagawa and his spirit will have to do it together.
The eyes of the dead are half open. The soul of the dead daughter is peeking from there.
The old man was half crying and wandering around. The testimony in front of the Buddhist altar sways slightly. Every time, the dead seem to speak.
The old man was very scared, and he wasn't even on the side of the dead. The old man says he has no funeral fee and looks at the bottom of his wallet three or four times. The mayor is also very poor, and the bottom of his wallet is only 15 yen. He has a habit of giving everything he has, and he has a bad habit of borrowing and giving what he doesn't have, so if you say that you only have 15 yen, that's really it.
However, that was enough to hold a small funeral.
[# Indent from here]
1. Death notification fee, ten sen
1, coffin fee, 4.50 yen
One, two people, three yen
One, litter rent, one yen
One, two flowers with legs, 2.70 yen
One, human foot pot (for 20 sen) 80 sen
1. Bone box 25 sen
One, hidden poti (for two people) 40 sen
One, bone-raising poti, forty sen
Total money 14 yen 80 senya
[# End of indentation here]
It was a pity that it would be enough to bury one soul with only 14.80 yen. The funeral director brought the casket in the middle of the night. He advised me to take it to the crematorium tonight and leave it for a day on a hot summer day, so I suddenly cleaned up the corpse.
The old man is afraid of the corpse and does not touch it. Therefore, the mayor himself decided to make a coffin. He boiled water to wash the corpse and put it in a coffin, and at the request of his grandfather, he prayed for Kamochi using the secret method of Kirishitan Bantenren, saving only the Buddhist chant.
It was around 2 o'clock after midnight that the prayer had just finished and the coffin was to come out.
Human legs dressed in black binding came into the four-person road. A litter was placed in front of the house. And the casket was put in the litter. The old man broke the bowl he used for his daughter, Heisei, at the gate. The sparrow at the eaves was surprised and jumped out of the gutter. The old man is crying while lying on the pillar at the entrance.
The litter with the casket quietly left the road. No one is going to see it off. The slums are sleeping quietly. As for the litter, only the mayor and the mayor's spirit go to the crematorium. The old man says he won't follow him to clean up.
When the casket came out from the road, the sparrow made a noise again.
Suddenly, when I looked carefully, a dozen sparrows living in the eaves stood in the darkness as mourners.
It didn't look like the flesh mayor of Kagawa. However, Mayor Kagawa of the spirit saw it.
The casket was sent to the crematorium to sew the darkness. And a sorrowful willow tit hymn was heard in the gutter on the roof of the crematorium. Mayor Kagawa was crying and praying in front of the casket.
[# 3 indentation] Save 63 Akanbo [# "Save 63 Akanbo" is a middle heading]
[# Illustration 63 (fig51160_63.png, width 455 x height 456) is included]
There is something to wake up the next morning while still sleeping. It was Shimamura.
"Almost all the executives of the demonstration movement are gathered in Tennoji Park, so please join us."
I have brought a request with.
I haven't rested enough, but I thought it was for my service, and when I went to Tennoji Park, I found that there were thousands of people who were in trouble with smoke. come. They all joined today's demonstration movement with their backs of stunted babies due to smoke.
It looked really amazing.
The departure time was just 8:00 am. Then, Miss Kikuko Anjikawa became the general commander, and the female section chiefs who occupied the city hall became the commanders of each battalion, and went out to the park in a straightforward manner.
When they went to the factory where they thought it was here,
"Save the Red Boy!"
Screaming, the child was raised in one voice [# "one voice" is mom]. The mayor who saw the scene felt from the bottom of his heart. Even in Osaka, which has an unprecedented infant mortality rate in the world, I was convinced that something could be done when a woman awakened.
There were dozens of police officers guarding the lines passing through the procession. However, only today, the police officer did not do much. The reason was that my wife was in the procession.
The demonstration procession went around the city and broke up at Nakanoshima Park. However, that was not the end of the daughter-child army schedule.
Mr. Kami, who carried children on their backs, went into groups and went directly to a factory without soot prevention equipment.
Some went to Kujo's sulfur company, some to Sumitomo Copper Works, some to Kasugadenaka's lamp company, and some to Tenma's knitted fabric company.
Speaking of the depression of a small factory in the direction of Tenma, it was a pity for the eyes.
Miss Kikuko Anjikawa heard that the soot fall in the direction of Tenma was the most severe, so she went to that direction. The first thing I jumped in was the Osaka Copper Works.
The guard was surprised to see a group of priests carrying Miss Kikuko and Akanbo on their backs.
"What is it!" The guard asked Miss Kikuko.
"I'm going to meet the president for a moment."
"Today is Sunday and the president is away."
"Then to the factory manager ..."
"The factory manager will not come out either."
"Then to the chief"
"There is no chief ... Today is Sunday, so everyone is off."
"Why is smoke coming out of the chimney?"
"I only work"
"Then meet the person on duty. I would love to see you on the issue of soot."
The guard flew to the shift. And come back soon,
"I'm on duty today, too."
Many people laughed when they heard it. Miss Kikuko encouraged her voice and said.
"Then ... I would love to meet the person in charge of the soot problem."
The guard jumped into the back again. Finally the person in charge came out,
"What are you going to do ... We are all closed today, so I hope you will do your work tomorrow."
"Everyone, why does that smoke come out if it's a holiday?"
"That comes out naturally when you add coal."
Many things laughed again. The person in charge looks bad ...
"I'll give you as much fines as you want, so please be patient today ... I can't do business anymore. Put your coal in your boiler and smoke. It's hard to be fined just because it comes out. Even if you burn straw, smoke will come out.
Because the person in charge was afraid of being flat and low-headed, the party of Miss Kikuko was immediately pulled up.
The demonstration movement on that day was a great success.
[# 3 indentation] 64 crashes! Crash! [# "64 crash! Crash!" Is the middle heading]
[# Illustration 64 (fig51160_64.png, horizontal 443 x vertical 588) is included]
It seems that the recession cannot be overcome, and the brokerage shop in Kitahama continues to squeeze every day.
Even if you see it from a fortune teller, or even if you visit Ikoma's Seiten-san, you won't get a good seal. You can't ask Mr. Inari. Stocks just go down every day, and there are many stores that don't even pay rent. The number of concubines will decrease, and even if you can reduce the number of times you go to play, you will not make a profit when it is not profitable after all, so a wolf-like person who tries to live by hitting the front of a person may be upset. ..
It was good when there was a lot of noise when it was a triumphant return dance, but after the war was over and the cherry blossoms in 1918 were scattered, Kitahama was also sunk.
In addition, when the voice that the social reform is to break the capitalism grows louder, it becomes less popular and the business cannot be interesting. Besides, when it comes to the time when the female guests give speeches, it feels like the world is going back and forth, so it's not interesting at all.
The day after the daughter and child army's "Save Akanbo", Kitahama crashed again and the Patriotic Bank was crushed, and the middleman looked like salt on greens.
Kitahama's specialty, Funazo Anjikawa, was particularly hit on that day. The stocks of a mining company in Kitakyushu were worth three sentences due to the plunge that day.
He couldn't trust the middleman's phone. I called three or four times. I thought I would call him for the fifth time, but I was so worried that I went to Kitahama with my own hands. Then, I looked at the market price of my holding. Indeed, what the middleman says is not wrong at all. However, I just can't believe it. I rubbed my eyes three or four times and it was the same. He was half crying and stood there vaguely. Only today, no one even deals with it.
He became a blunt person in a day. He couldn't believe it. I twisted my body, wondering if he was dreaming. But still alive. He created a mining company with the flexibility of the Patriotic Bank. And when the economy was good, I was flexible to both Matsushima and the island. But banks collapse, and when company stocks plunge, there is no standing. He flew back to his house in a frenzy. Then I drank alcohol and went to bed.
However, it's not interesting.
In the meantime, the manager of the Patriotic Bank called me. I know the story. It means to return the money. So I ordered the maid to say "I'm away" and sneaked into the futon again.
I can't sleep at all. So he went to Shinmachi's house. Looking at the geisha's face is not interesting at all. He also returned home in the middle of the night.
The maid says that the call was received without a cutoff.
When asked "Where are you from?", He answers "From the manager of the Patriotic Bank."
As expected, the bold Anjigawa Funazo has also weakened completely. Not a little money. It is a matter of money of nearly one million yen. But where does the money hit and where does it come out now? The stock has no value in three sentences.
He didn't even want to be alive anymore.
[# 3 indentation] 65 people who fell from the rainbow [# "65 people who fell from the rainbow" is the middle heading]
[# Illustration 65 (fig51160_65.png, width 425 x height 612) is included]
"I can't do it anymore"
Funazo Anjikawa was in agony.
"I was punished! The miners of the coal mine will be happy to welcome my failure. I got up from the barn in Orio, Kyushu, and the Kitakyushu Mining Company. By the time I became an executive, I did a lot of bad things. There are dozens or hundreds of miners dead in my mines, but I haven't done anything to them. The punishment has just hit! ... My rainbow has disappeared. I ... I was pushed down from the rainbow! Everything is destined! There is no way to go. But ... now everything is deadlocked. There is only death left. I am afraid to die and die. The ghosts of hundreds of miners who died in the mines. However, it seems to attack and surround myself at once-- "
He saw his past bad karma unfold in front of him like a panorama.
Born to the eldest son of an inn in Gotoji, Fukuoka Prefecture, he was a skillful person from an early age. He was worked as a kid to load coal, but for that reason he built a barn in Orio and learned to hit the head of the miner's labor bank. As soon as it exceeded thirty or not, it began to have four or five coal fields in Tanukibori. On the contrary, if the money was good, the behavior became worse, and more and more women were involved, so it was Kikuko's mother who, following the advice of a friend, got the daughter of a relative of Wakamatsu's great boss to marry. It was.
Even so, the misconduct was not fixed. Among the geisha in Hakata and the geisha in Nogata, he played so luxuriously that it was said that there was nothing that the Anji River couldn't handle. Just after the Russo-Japanese War, he suddenly became a rich man in the war and decided to move his head office to Osaka as a businessman of the corner.
After that, he became more and more lucky, and he was able to move millions of yen of money freely, and he became a city council member and a city council member. As a Tamani sect of city administration, he finally came to the attention of society.
However, his financial resources were still in the coal mine in Kitakyushu, so he was always pessimistic when coal could not be sold. Coal that costs only about 4 yen per ton is four to five times higher in Osaka, and the era of the European War, when it was sold, has passed, the demand for coal has declined, the amount of coal mined has decreased, and the wages have not fallen. He made a plan to buy more coal fields, and received an investment of 1.5 million yen from the Patriotic Bank to establish Kitakyushu Mining Co., Ltd., which was the cause of the failure.
It turned out that the coalfield I bought was grabbed [# "caught"], and the amount of coal mined was very small, and in a blink of an eye, nearly 3 million yen of money disappeared from the equipment cost, and the company was about to go bankrupt. I had foreseen what I was doing for a few months. However, I thought that the manager of the Patriotic Bank would still have a lifetime because he would help me alone.
However, because the Patriotic Bank adopted a loose capital policy, I had to meet the installation in Nagoya and put up a sticker to suspend payment. And the bankruptcy of the Patriotic Bank caused the stock market crash of Kitakyushu Mining Company, and the autumn when he had to make his own decision came.
[# 3 indentation] The end of the 66 exploiters [# "The end of the 66 exploiters" is the middle heading]
[# Illustration 66 (fig51160_66.png, width 466 x height 454) is included]
No matter what the equipment in the mine is, how much gas is ejected, it doesn't matter at all, whether the ventilation pit is broken or the elevator is broken, the equipment in the barn is No matter how much he squeezed the workers, he often thought that the cruel method of Funazo Anjikawa was terrible for himself.
Even if there is something that dies sideways due to a cave-in, if it is a public injury, a lot of allowance is required, so I took the trouble to carry the corpse out of the mine and as a result of carelessness, I decided that [# "in the mine" is mama] It was usual to cheat. Even if the couple and four children died in a gas explosion in the same place, he didn't give him a sentence. There is a song between the miners near Orio and Nōgata.
[# Indent 3 characters from here]
Oni's Anji River
Blame with a gold rod
Poor digger
Hell
[# End of indentation here]
At the time of the rice riots in August 1918, the [# "Anjigawa" is "Jiyasugawa" in the bottom line] coal mine in Kyushu was the first place to make noise in Kyushu. At that time, Ajigawa rushed from Osaka, borrowed hundreds of Bakuto people from Wakamatsu's great boss, and grabbed 17 people who were recognized as the main lords, and tortured them. He was half dead and killed one person. Even today, this is a daily occurrence in Kitakyushu, but it was especially noticeable at the mining company run by Anjigawa. That is why the song "Blame with the demon's Yasujigawa horizontal bar" became popular among the Orio miners.
Funazo Anjikawa saw the murdered digger with his own eyes. And at some point I firmly believed that the reward would come back to me. But I didn't expect to come so soon now.
He looked back on his ugly half-life that unfolded like a panorama, and he felt pity that no one would look after him if he was poor with this.
In the meantime, like a phantom, the terrifying corpse that was killed in front of me during the rice riots began to move.
The eyes are tightly closed. All muscles are stiff. Blood is oozing from the mouth, nose, and ears. Some parts of my head are torn. The dead corpse seems to reach out and invite himself.
Funazo cannot avoid the invitation of the dead, just as he is fascinated by the beckoning cat. He reached out. Then, with the corpse lying down, he took him out and pulled him to the Okawa side in a sliding manner.
He wanted to shout "Help me". But his tongue clings to his chin and doesn't even make a voice.
He made an effort to stop. But the corpse pulled him comfortably. The corpse hinted to him, "Put a stone in the skirt," as he fell into the river with another pair. He stuffed the stones as the corpse said. Then, without knowing before and after, he jumped into the water with the corpse.
The corpse let go for the first time when he thought he had settled on the bottom of the water.
"Ah, this is safe!"
And he finally felt like sleeping. But his eyes were no longer awake forever.
The next day he became a corpse and floated under Taminobashi.
[# 3 indentation] 67 Sutokuin Jigen Wisdom Householder [# "Sutokuin Sutokuin Jigen Wisdom Daishi" is a middle heading]
[# Illustration 67 (fig51160_67.png, width 458 x height 556) is included]
At the Anjigawa family, it was a big uproar because I couldn't see my husband. I make a phone call to Shinmachi's house, or to Shogoro Matsushima's house, but I still don't know where I am. I waited for the morning worried that I might come back if I waited until the next morning, but early in the morning I found out that I had thrown myself on the phone from the police.
Kikuko received the report when she was having a breakfast at Ebisuya. She left her food and went to pick up the corpse.
When she arrived at the bank of Tamino Bridge, the traffic was black in order to see the water dead who had been struck by the straw mat. Kikuko saw the corpse of her father, who had been squeezed through the crowd and covered with 蓆, but even a brave daughter could not stand up there for a while.
It was Shimamura who first came to the scene by phone from Hiroko. He came by car. He then asked the assistant police officer for permission to put the corpse of the Anji River in a car and carry it home.
The attending assistant police officer somehow does not allow it.
"I can't move the corpse until the prosecutor is inspected."
The prosecutor came over while waiting for about an hour. Finally, I was able to move the corpse by saying [# "Finally" an emphasis mark]. However, at that time, both Shogoro Matsushima and Takazo Shima were at the scene. Some of the onlookers knew Kikuko's face and whispered.
That night, there was a night sword [# an emphasis mark on "night sword"]. Around 9 o'clock in the evening, Mr. Kazuhisa from Sensenji Temple in Tanimachi 5-chome arrived. Mr. Osho, who is quite old, is a man with a good appearance. After reading the Sanskrit sutra for a long time, he gave me a dharma name.
"Sutokuin Jigen Wisdom Householder"
This monk explained the name of the priest to Matsushima.
"I call Sutokuin because the deceased is a very virtuous person, caressed many miners, and made efforts to crush the bones for them. I did it. "
Matsushima was impressed when he heard that.
"I see, the deceased was a more virtuous person than I was. I was asked to lend a lot of money. Why are you sick? "
"I told you that if the deceased was really a philanthropist, he was well-versed in the mercy of the deceased and was bathed in the mercy of the deceased until he became a prostitute and a prostitute. I'm sorry. "
Matsushima frowned,
"Huh, mu, I see, there are probably hundreds of geisha and prostitutes who were actually entrusted to the deceased's patronage. If you die, you'll be given the name of the Hogon-in, isn't it? "
"Well, that's the reason ... You and others are giving good professions to poor poor children so that they can stand up to their lives, so it can be said that they are doing a kind of philanthropy. Naa "
"Haa, thank you for this, isn't the Joroya business on the Buddha's road a kind of charity? ..."
"Because there is no distinction between good and evil in Buddha's mercy, everything turns into mercy.
"Thank you, then you're in the Joroya business ... like Kikuko-san here ... I'm not against it."
"I think I also need a girl shop today."
"Thank you very much. Mr. Kazuhisa, I'm thinking of raising about five good balls in the near future. If I make a profit, I will donate to the temple."
"Well, please do so."
After Mr. Osho returned, Matsushima was rumored to be Osho.
"He [# aside from" he "] Says something good. There's an enclosure in the new land in the south, so he can't eat it. I know it, so I say such a sweet thing. There is no help for the living boss of this time. "
Kikuko was just laughing when she heard it.
[# 3 indentation] Rokuhachi funeral hall show [# "Rokuhachi funeral hall show" is a middle heading]
[# Illustration 68 (fig51160_68.png, width 470 x height 490) is included]
At the funeral of the Anji River, the city council members' eight and nine minutes streets gathered. Then, various pessimisms about the current state of municipal administration were held.
"Who instigated the strikes of city officials-that made it worse!"
Umeda's horse asked in a loud voice. The Abeno Funeral Hall is particularly hot on a hot summer afternoon. The city council members are in the corner of the rest area, and they are wearing a fan or a fan.
Matsushima answered Mr. Ma's question.
"No one was agitated. That was a fad. But is the strike still going on?"
"It's a story of continuing the strike until the mayor quits."
The city council chairman, Shigemasa Senba, answered in a small voice.
"It may be good, ah, great [#" great "is a side point] There are rumors that the female clerk has a good reputation, but in the meantime, the male clerk is stopped and the female clerk remains as it is I wish I could work forever. "
Matsushima shouted something like this.
"That's also a drunkenness"
The island responded to it.
"Then, in the end, you will endorse the mayor's policy, right?"
Umeda asked Matsushima.
"He [#" Emphasis mark "] is not good. However, the female clerk has a good idea ... Some of them seem to be different. "
Matsushima brought up the story of a woman again, so the island was chilled.
"Matsushima-kun would agree with anyone if he was a different person ... But what would happen in the end?"
Umeda answered clearly.
"Kick out the mayor, if you leave such a mayor, the capitalists in Osaka will be crushed ..."
The island asked Umeda a question.
"I know that, but it's a matter of how to get rid of it."
"Saa, that's it. If the city council resolves, that's fine," Umeda replied as if there were no miscellaneous works.
Matsushima was so confident,
"But it's unlikely that the man will move just by the resolution of the city council, but it's the quickest to raise some criminal issues and hit the prison."
"Even there [#" there "is an emphasis mark], is there some kind?"
"Oh, it's nothing, I think it's okay to stick it to Yasujikawa's suspicious death. The mayor is definitely responsible for Yasujikawa's death."
The island said:
At that time, the first bell of the funeral execution rang. Hundreds of mourners were seated at the city's funeral hall. The city council members were also seated.
The mayor was sitting in a relative's seat in the same line as Miss Kikuko, the mourner. And Shimamura sat next to it.
Umeda pulled Matsushima's skirt,
"Who is sitting next to that Kikuko?"
I asked.
"That is Shimamura, the lover of the daughter of Anjigawa, the man who is doing the labor movement ... Hey, the mayor is great."
The priests of the seven temples, including Osho of Sensenji, lined up in front of the casket, wearing a brocade.
"Hey, another one is coming."
Matsushima told Umeda.
Umeda stretched out his long neck like a horse and looked behind his relatives' seat.
There were 15 or 6 geisha from Shinmachi, including Hanako, a concubine from the Anji River, lined up with dripping hair.
"Hey, what should I do with flowers? You don't care for flowers?"
Matsushima said:
Umeda answered that,
"He's not good at my old-fashioned lever. I'm saying that he's starting a women's suffrage movement these days."
While the sutra chanting continued, Umeda and Matsushima were doing geisha reviews one by one. Even so, when the incense started, Umeda appeared on behalf of the city council.
After the funeral, Tamany of the city council flowed into the geisha shop in Shinmachi again.
[# 3 indentation] 69 Kirishitan Bantenren's Law [# "69 Kirishitan Bantenren's Law" is a middle heading]
[# Illustration 69 (fig51160_69.png, horizontal 389 x vertical 596) is included]
The next day's newspaper reported a bizarre rumor. That's what it is.
"The prosecutor's office has begun a major activity because of the suspicion of murder in the death of Mr. Funazo Yasuji, a heavyweight in the business world. There is also. "
This was the fact that Kikuko heard that afternoon.
"The killing of the Anji River was by a very clever means, and unlike the traditional poisoning and assassination, it was cursed by psychokinesis. It was reported by some credible sources. According to the law of Kiritsushi Tanban Tenren, the mayor has the power to revive even the dead. If you use that power in the opposite direction, it will become a curse power more than Kobo Daishi. Is what the mayor cursed and killed, and it seems that the reason why the mayor is hiding in the poor cave in the back shrine is to practice the magic. "
This is what a newspaper reporter said.
"Who was saying that?" Kikuko asked the newspaper reporter.
"It has a good reputation among funeral people. The mayor is a witch of Kiriri-Santan Bantenren, and even if he sleeps with the dead or has a funeral in the middle of the night, he does not call a priest, but he goes to Bantenren. Pray alone, it seems to be a strange and mysterious person. "
When I asked a newspaper reporter if he met the funeral laborer who was rumored to be
"I met you. There were two people named Toyohiko Kagawa as funeral feet, one mayor of Kagawa was a magician, and the other was Toyohiko Kagawa, the current mayor, and now I don't know which one. The rumor was that the night when the daughter to the west of Mr. Kagawa died, the old man saw Mr. Kagawa's true identity. However, it means that all the dragonflies in the field also have wisdom. When the daughter of Mr. Aya, who is west of Mr. Kagawa, died, the mayor of Kagawa shouted and all the spells in the eaves were screaming. That's right. "
Kikuko was listening to it quietly. So the newspaper reporter said it was still interesting.
"If you look closely, you can see the mayor of Kagawa as a double. You can't see it unless you look at it with a good eye, but you can see it in a dark place. ... That's what the funeral man said ...
…… So, that's the story of Onyudo. It turned out that it was the work of Mayor Kagawa.
Then, it has something to do with the flood the other day, and it turns out that all the recent uproar in the city has something to do with him. You're a scary man. A man like Russian Rasputin, that man. "
Kikuko was interesting to say by a newspaper reporter, so I continued to listen to it.
"Well, it's a new Oomoto religion. He is confident that he can move Banyu with the power of Kamochi prayer. When he prays, he will stop by train or train."
"Well, you blow a big conch"
With that said, Kikuko laughed at the strange story of the newspaper reporter.
"I can't believe it. The mayor killed my father."
"But there is certainly a reason to believe it. The first reason is that he hated Mr. Ajigawa very much. The second reason is that the coal miners in Kitakyushu very much liked Mr. Ajigawa. I hate it. The third is that people of the Shimamura family, especially the labor groups in Osaka, hated Mr. Ajigawa. What I hate is to kill. Mr. Ajigawa was cursed and killed by the bad guys. Isn't it terrifying? "
The newspaper reporter said something like he had seen. Kikuko laughed out loud when she heard it.
[# 3 indentation] 70 Kikuko's mother [# "70 Kikuko's mother" is the middle heading]
[# Illustration 70 (fig51160_70.png, width 425 x height 599) is included]
"Kiku-chan, you don't have to cry so much. We must break the black soil and live strong. Be firm. Don't be so pessimistic!"
It was Nobuyuki Shimamura who comforted me by saying this.
Kikuko wasn't feeling well after her father's death. Even so, until my father's funeral was over, I was tense, so it didn't look like anything had changed, but when the ceremony was over, it suddenly weakened. It became like hysteria and I couldn't even do my house affairs.
I entered my room and kept crying from the morning.
Of course, on the other hand, there was also anguish about my love affair. Matsushima told Kikuko's mother that she wanted to have Kikuko as her daughter-in-law. The weak Kikuko's mother seemed to follow Matsushima's opinion.
"The opinion of Mr. Sutokuin was that Kikuko should go to Matsushima ..."
My mother said something strange to Kikuko. That was the biggest problem that weakened Kikuko. All the problems would be solved if I jumped into Shimamura's bosom, but she didn't have the courage to do anything violent and just writhes.
However, my mother also seemed to have noticed Kikuko's anguish, and finally told Shimamura.
"Mr. Shimamura, I think it's bad to have changed to Kikuko's body again, so please be worried if it's good for Kikuko's body."
Therefore, Shimamura also thought that it would be bad for Kikuko to be too pessimistic, so I met Kikuko and talked to Shinmiri.
Of course, the story was a story that deepened the relationship so far.
And at this time, the two promised that they should definitely get married.
Kikuko immediately went to her mother and asked for it. On the other hand, my mother couldn't oppose it at all.
"You should do it, as you do, because it would be a problem if you changed your body after your father died."
My mother replied.
"Then, mom, I ... I'll go."
Yes, Kikuko asked with a shame.
"Well, if you think you're good, you should do that ... But can Mr. Shimamura live on that? Isn't it a problem if you're working in a labor union and have children?"
"Sora, mom, I'll work with you, so it's okay."
"Even if you say that you're okay, I'm not worried because you've been raised selfishly. You haven't cooked rice in a clay pot yet?"
"Mom, I'll cook about rice in a clay pot."
"You, work at home is different from playing house [#" mamagoto "is an emphasis mark]! ""
"I know that much."
"If you're prepared, I'll give it to Shimamura ... If you're prepared to cook rice in a clay pot and serve your husband even if you're poor, you can be patient with Mr. Shimamura. You have to do it well. You can't raise a child if you're doing a demonstration procession by saying rough things. Do you know? "
"I know."
"Then, please call Mr. Shimamura."
When Shimamura entered the room, her mother officially gave Kikuko to Shimamura.
Kikuko and Shimamura were so happy that they couldn't say anything for a while, but regardless of their mother or front, they hugged each other and flew their souls and souls high in the sky.
[# 3 indentation] 71 Inventor in Osaka [# "71 Inventor in Osaka" is in the middle heading]
[# Illustration 71 (fig51160_71.png, width 491 x height 507) is included]
"Hey Tengu, how about this sky. I'm glad I brought an oxygen inhaler with me."
"Unfortunately, people who gather at the tournament due to rain will be in trouble ... But I was really surprised at this sky. It was really nice to bring an oxygen inhaler according to your advice!"
"When it rains, it looks like the smoke doesn't stand up, and all the soot seems to be falling. How is this dark? It's like midnight. A. Bring a lantern with you. I wish I had! "
"Um, I brought the right one. I have a flashlight. Let's light it."
The inventors of Tokyo, Dr. Nose Dripping and Dr. Tengu, entered Osaka were truly a sight to see.
They carried an oxygen generator like a school bag on their backs, put a bag in their hands, and Tengu got off at Osaka Station with a flashlight in one hand.
Everyone on the road was surprised to see the strange clothes.
"What's that?"
"Saa, turn on the lamp during the daytime ... It looks like a strange person."
Tengu-sensei heard that and stopped as if he had touched the tantrum.
"Oy luxury"! We love things and don't walk with lights during the daytime. Compared to Tokyo, the city of Osaka is dark and we can't walk. However, I'm wondering that I can walk in such a dark city without having a lantern. Is my eyes transformed like a sword because I live in Osaka? We humans in Tokyo I'm not used to the darkness, so I can't walk without a flashlight. "
Osaka people nodded,
"What's on that back?"
"This is an oxygen generator."
"Oxygen generator!"
"You guys don't know the oxygen generator, you brought the oxygen generator because the air in Osaka is bad."
"Is that so? Is the air in Osaka so bad?"
In the meantime, Doyadoya and Osaka people who loved things gathered around Tengu-sensei and Nasudare-sensei.
"Hey! Mongri! Mongri!"
"Mongris that came out of the sea!"
It seemed to Mr. Nasudare that it touched the tantrum,
"Hey Luxury, we're not Mongris in water, we're Mongris in gas."
"What is that iron helmet?"
"I don't know ... this is an oxygen inhaler? The air in Osaka is so bad that when you come from a forest town like Tokyo to a smoke town like Osaka, you'll get this. If you don't use it, you will suffocate due to lack of oxidizing action .... You guys often live in such bad air, right? "
The Osaka people raised their strong eyebrows and stared at Mr. Nasudare's face.
"Smoke doesn't seem to hurt the human body at all. I can work without it."
"But the chest circumference of Osaka people is decreasing year by year, isn't it?"
The tengu asked a loud question.
"Yes, that's right, but it's going to be a little less. I used to say one inch or one and a half inches. It's okay if I adapt."
"Hey, one inch of chest circumference reduces the action of oxygen by about 50,000 cubic feet a day in terms of oxidative action! It's not as easy as you say."
"But we're used to it, so nothing!"
"That's why the inventor doesn't go to Osaka. It's all because of lack of oxygen. But it can't be helped if it's so slow. Let's go."
[# 3 indentation] 72 aerial housing and aerial countryside [# "72 aerial housing and aerial countryside" is a middle heading]
[# Illustration 72 (fig51160_72.png, width 478 x height 562) is included]
Tengu and Nose drop rushed to the designated inn, surprised by the inattentiveness of the people in Osaka to the smoke.
It rains heavily. Raindrops often fall from the tip of the bone of the Western umbrella. When I suddenly noticed, it was all black like ink. The tengu was surprised and said, "Hey, nose drop! Your Western umbrella is cheap, it seems that the dyed color melts in the rain!"
"Is that so? Where?"
"Look at this!"
The tengu received the raindrops falling from the bones of the Western umbrella and showed them to the nose. Indeed, it is black like that of ink.
"Really! I was surprised!"
The two of them were walking around the city believing that the dye of the Western umbrella had melted in the rain and came out. However, if you look carefully, the rain that falls on the roof and the rain that flows in the ditch are all ink-colored.
"Hey! Hey! Tengu, this isn't for Western umbrellas, the rain in Osaka is totally ink-colored, hey, Miro, the roof color in Osaka is all ink-colored. Or, the water in the ditch, the water in the river, and the water coming out of the tub are all ink-colored!
"I see, that's what I understood. Compared to the rain in Tokyo, I thought it was a dark rain. Soot was completely dissolved in the rain and it fell."
The two were completely impressed and arrived at the inn. However, I was surprised by the soot in Osaka, so I didn't let go of the oxygen generator when I took a bath or eat.
The next day was the first day of the inventor's competition. Mayor Kagawa went to the venue, the Central Public Hall, thinking that the inventors from all over the country would be all energetic. However, no matter what, there were two tatta participants even though it was 9 am at the opening.
Moreover, I was surprised that the clothes of the two were really strange. When I asked the female clerk who is in charge of the inventor's convention, about 450 inventors from all over the country are gathering, but all of them are sleeping in the inn saying that they have a headache. Reported. When asked "Why?", He answered that it was because the air in Osaka was bad at all and that the oxidative action in the lungs was not sufficiently performed.
Well, then, I was impressed that the inventor in Tokyo was really well prepared.
Then, the mayor politely greeted the two and said that he would like to receive his opinions, and he became good at Tengu-sensei.
"My theory is very simple. I major in gas mechanics, but ... after all, if only a certain degree of smoke prevention is possible in today's combustion science, create an aerial cultural village out of reach of smoke. I don't think there is any other way. "
Mayor Kagawa was completely surprised to hear that it was an aerial cultural village.
"What is Bunkamura in the air? What should I do again?"
"That's not difficult. Today's gas dynamics have found a way to get enough stability in the air, so we'll improve Zeeferin's airship to create an absolutely unwavering home in the air. You can make fields in the air. You can also make factories in the air. "
"Hey? A field in the air?"
As expected, Mayor Kagawa was also surprised by the discourse of Professor Tengu.
"Why is that possible again?"
[# 3 indentation] Seventy-three tops of tops [# "Three tops of tops" is a middle heading]
[# Illustration 73 (fig51160_73.png, horizontal 448 x vertical 449) is included]
As soon as I was waiting, Mr. Nasudare snorted and answered. By the way, I would like to explain that the reason why I was nicknamed Dr. Nasal is that I have nasal inflammation, and after undergoing nasal surgery, I change five handkerchiefs every day, and I hang down my nose. Is.
"I specialize in researching tops, but when I put a gyroscope on an airplane today, I can get stability in the air. It rotates 6,660 times a second. Six propellers with a diameter of 66 shaku are attached to the top, bottom, front, back, left, and right. Then, due to the equal power, a fixed plane like the earth that does not go up, down, advance, or retreat is created in the air. So, for the time being, in Osaka, it would be interesting to build an aerial cultural village that covers an area of ​​3 kilometers square above Nakajima. A ... There are rural areas, factories, parks, schools. I think that it can be an independent country that floats in the air at all .... How about, Mr. Kagawa, one, why don't you build that aerial cultural village. Japan is a very small area like today. It can't be helped. Even if the ground is on the 3rd and 5th floors as it is, it will not be possible to support the cultivated land in proportion to the increase in population. "
Mayor Kagawa was impressed with Dr. Nasudare's outlandish discussion, but resonated with the strange idea.
"Then, why don't you just talk about immigration issues anymore? According to your theory, you can make as many new islands as you want in the air."
"That's exactly right. If you want to build a field of one-sided steps, that's how much you put on the wings of the plane-all the wings are made of aluminum-and put an average of one shakuhachi of soil and that's enough to cultivate. You can do it. If you want to make five wing, you only have to connect five such airplane-like planes in the air. If you make it too wide, the sun's rays will not shine on the front, so as many narrow planes as possible are parallel. It's okay if you stack them on top of each other. "
"Can you do that? It's more than the old Tower of Babel."
"It's more than Babel. I think all humans will move to the air in the near future. It's clear that crawling on the ground will inevitably intensify the competition for survival. There is a competition for survival, but the ones who washed their feet and soared into the air from the reptile society are today birds. Birds are living a really happy life. When they jump into the air, there is a competition for survival. This is because it will decline .... Please think about it, and I would like you to put it into practice immediately. "
Mr. Nasudare blew his nose again.
"It's really fine. But please wait for a while. I will think hard."
In response, the mayor twisted his head. However, the mayor had a place to decide on the size of his chest.
He broke up with Dr. Nasada and Dr. Tengu and immediately went to a factory tour in the city. It was to study the soot problem fundamentally.
His conclusion from the factory visit was that nothing wasted as much energy as today's steam engines. Useless effort, coal waste, and unsanitary soot production! He eventually discovered that it would be useless for a sighing remodeling.
[# 3 indentation] Seventy-four aerial village residents [# "74 aerial village inhabitants" is a middle heading]
[# Illustration 74 (fig51160_74.png, horizontal 433 x vertical 605) is included]
The second day of the inventor's tournament was also Ojan [# "Ojan" as an emphasis mark]. That's because I don't have a very good idea in Osaka, so everyone said they wanted to go home as soon as possible.
However, there were only two people left, Dr. Nasada and Dr. Tengu. They have a really good idea because they carry an oxygen generator with them.
The aerial village plan is one of them, but it is not only the connection between the aerial village and the land, the aerial factory, the aerial ranch, the aerial school, the aerial communist state, the invention of physicochemical, but also the psychological and spiritual. The invention comes into my mind from time to time.
Dr. Nasada and Dr. Tengu visited Mayor Kagawa in the mayor's office and talked about various interesting social science inventions.
"Mayor, social organizations must also be invented."
Mr. Nasudare said so while making his nose squeak.
"I totally agree with that ... Did you have any good ideas about it?"
"If you do, I invented the aerial communist nation."
"What kind of social organization is that?"
Mayor Kagawa asked with his eyes rounded.
"Well, all the people who don't like to claim ownership on earth will move to the aerial village and do everything with love and mutual aid."
"Is it possible in practice?"
"Of course, I think it's true heaven."
"Is it because it is in heaven?"
"Don't make a joke ... my claim is serious."
"There are no boundaries in the air, so you can't rely on claiming ownership, right?"
"No, I'm a little more fundamental. I think that all the people who live in the air must be new human beings who are different from today's human beings. That is, the aerial people are the sons of Adam. I don't think I have to be a feathered human. "
"I see, what is that? Is it a bird person?"
"That's exactly the case. It's a new birth, as if the wriggler becomes a mosquito and the caterpillar becomes a butterfly, humanity also transforms anew."
Mayor Kagawa had a strange face when he heard it, but he brought his mouth close to Mr. Nasudare's ear and said something a word or two.
Mr. Nasada was constantly nodding.
Mr. Nasudare should nod. This was because the spiritual Mayor Kagawa with dragonfly feathers appeared on the side of Mayor Kagawa, who I thought was alone.
"Hmm! This is it! This is the person we wanted to invent!"
The nose drop and the tengu shouted at the same time.
The tengu asked.
"Mayor, who is this feather?"
"This is Toyohiko Kagawa."
"Then, what about you?"
"I am also Toyohiko Kagawa."
The spirit Toyohiko Kagawa stands there in silence. So Tengu-sensei asked.
"Does this person say nothing?"
"I don't tell others. I always say things."
"Then, it's a little different from what I'm trying to invent. A ... The person who has the new patent that I'm trying to invent is a person who speaks with anyone, like this second Mr. Kagawa. I'm not a cramped person. This second Mr. Kagawa is like a trappist monk .... this is not suitable for a new society ... but or my first inhabitants of the aerial village This kind may be appropriate ... Please wait a moment. This person ... I will weigh the second Mr. Kagawa. "
At that time, Mr. Kagawa of the spirit said to Mr. Kagawa of the meat for the first time in front of people.
"I have no weight!"
"Ideal! Ideal!"
The nose drooping teacher shouted.
"If you don't have weight, it's perfectly ideal for an aerial village resident. I'm going to build an aerial village right away. Look, it's really ideal."
With that said, the inventor went out in a hurry.
[# 3 indentation] 75 human remodeling machine [# "75 human remodeling machine" is a middle heading]
[# Illustration 75 (fig51160_75.png, width 460 x height 606) is included]
The mayor of Kagawa noticed immediately after waking up the next day that a mysterious growl was echoing in the air.
Well, I thought that the aerial village might have been built overnight, so I went out to the slums and saw it.
 Strange!  Strange! Hundreds of airships and planes can be seen in the sky. What's more, it stays still in the sky, just as Tengu-sensei explained to him two days ago, and doesn't move at all. By the way, I flew to the city hall with a frightening feeling that the aerial village was finally completed.
The citizens of the road were also looking at the sky with their eyes rounded because a mysterious aerial tower was built in the high sky of Osaka overnight.
In the mayor's office, Dr. Hayanadare and Dr. Tengu were waiting.
"The mayor has done it. The fields have been built. The flowers have also been planted. The design is also designed so that all the residents of Osaka City can relocate. How about one in the air today? Would you like to cultivate in the field? There is no smoke. It is about 2,000 meters higher than the smoke, so it is a really nice view. Why not move all the members of the city hall into the air? "
"Thank you very much! Then, let me visit the aerial village first."
Mayor Kagawa screamed with a big laugh. Immediately after that, Mayor Kagawa, along with Mr. Kagawa of the soul, visited the aerial village by plane with the two inventors. It was all mysterious to Mayor Kagawa. With fields, factories, ranches, and schools in the air, it was thought to be a new continent discovered by Columbus.
Mayor Kagawa patrolled the aerial village and there was a machine I didn't understand. The machine was installed in a beautiful factory in the center of the village. Beautiful Greek sculptures and sculptures of modern masters were scattered on the side.
"What exactly is this going to do?"
Mayor Kagawa asked Tengu-sensei.
"Is this?"
"This is a place to recast human beings .... This is something that must be in the air, and if you are a human being, you will surely start a war in the aerial village or enjoy the revolutionary turmoil. I'm supposed to recast humans here. "
"So that's it!"
"What is the name of this machine?"
"My name is Wagner Foundry, an improvement over what was used by that human remodeler Wagner in Goethe's Faust."
"I see ... Then, if you recast it here, will the feathers grow?"
"Of course, you can lose weight like the second Mr. Kagawa."
"Well, is that about that?"
"No, that's not all. Humans are completely new. In other words, they can be reborn into souls."
"Then, can you recast me first?"
"You don't need to be recast anymore, because you already have a second spiritual body, Mr. Kagawa."
"Are you people who have already been recast?"
"No, I installed only the machine by reason, but I don't know how to move it because I feel lack of energy. This must be moved by universal power-that is, the power of God. It's a machine that doesn't work. "
"It's a strange machine."
"Yes. It's an evolution of the mammalian uterus."
"Can you move it?"
Tengu-sensei said with a strange face.
"I can't do that. If I can, I've evolved into a spiritual body long ago ... I think the second Mr. Kagawa has that power. Would you like to ask Mr. Kagawa? "
Mr. Kagawa, a soul who is always silent, approached the machine and held the steering wheel for a while, but when he thought that he twisted something like a switch that conducts electric power, it was a rotary type. What could be called a blast furnace made a sound and started operation.
[# 3 indentation] 76 insects on the abacus [# "76 insects on the abacus" is the middle heading]
[# Illustration 76 (fig51160_76.png, width 425 x height 608) is included]
"That's fine! That's fine. That rotation removes the rust, melts it in the heat, and pours it into a new mold. When it comes out of the mold, it becomes a human with Chan and wings. Come out "
Mr. Kotengu said while moving his high nose.
Mayor Kagawa was looking at the lower world by the parapet of the aerial factory.
"How about this dirty Osaka! It's like pulling a dust box repeatedly!"
Mr. Nadare answered that and said.
"From the sky, life is really sad. Nothing is as miserable as modern city life."
Mayor Kagawa seemed to feel the words,
"It's totally. Like the Osaka people, it's like a bug that lived on the abacus beads. I'm keenly aware of that. The economy is good or bad, the market price I'm wasting my life by saying that it went up or down. Some are born on the abacus and some die on the abacus. Some of them die, and it ’s really pitiful. ”
Tengu-sensei put a lot of effort into this,
"Therefore, this human remodeling machine is needed."
"It's true. It's true. I want to make great use of it for the many people around me who have lost their limbs due to injuries or who have failed in life and want to start again."
Mayor Kagawa said happily.
"With this machine, we can remodel the human beings that racial improvement studies were trying to do ... and if we can't do that, no matter how much the revolution is, it won't do anything in the end."
"I agree. Today, when I created a new communist nation with the ugly human figure as it is, I'm not happy at all. There is no such thing as drunkenness, brain syphilis, and the tyranny of murderers. It's like living next to hell after all. I don't want to believe in any external revolution. I really want to think of the remodeling of human beings as the first principle of the revolution. In this sense I Congratulates Wagner Foundry on his invention. "
"I thought you would be happy to say that. They are the people who move to the aerial village there. Who should I welcome in the first place?"
"First of all, let's invite the people in the slums of the back shrine where I live! There are many things that are in trouble because I don't even have a house. It would be a real pleasure to say that a person with a hole can be recast in a new way. "
Mayor Kagawa replied with excitement because the illusion that the slums could be remodeled immediately came to the fore.
"Let's do that .... But wouldn't that make the general public angry?"
"Let's do this. In general, let's make a public notice and let anyone, not just the poor, move to the air."
"That would be good"
Because the consultation was finalized, the mayor's party and four people came down into the smoke of Osaka City again.
At that time, Dr. Nasada shouted.
"Waste! Waste! In Osaka, humans and energy are wasted indiscriminately. The end of the abacus civilization should be really merciful."
[# 3 indentation] Seventy-seven migration to the air [# "Seventy-seven migration to the air" is a middle heading]
"A little! Mayor. Is it easy for me to go to the aerial village?"
The tiger of the "explosion bomb", famous for his fellow lewd women in the back shrine, found Mayor Kagawa standing in front of the suction pump of the human remodeling machine and said so. Mayor Kagawa was pleased to welcome the tiger.
"Saaaaa. The aerial village is large, so anyone who wants to go will let me go."
"Isn't it okay for a woman with a nose like me?"
"Are you worried about that? There is a human remodeling machine in the aerial village, and people with a lack of nose have a nose, and people with bad legs have a free-moving leg. People who are blind will have visible eyes. "
"Is that so? Is there such a mysterious mechanism?"
"This suction pump is that ... I got it sucked up, and when I went up, there was a funnel, and when I went on, there was a machine that melted humans, and there was rust. If you drop it, dissolve it in hot water, and then pour it into a mold, you will become a heavenly man with feathers. "
"If it's such a good place, I'll ask you to do it as soon as possible .... I'm lonely, so I'll bring my friend Gyosan."
The "explosive bomb" tiger once returned to the Nagaya, but brought it back, and later brought in a large army of hundreds of people.
"Mayor! I'd like to ask too."
"I also ask"
When I argued about what came to me, everyone and he were all people who wanted to be as good as possible.
The mayor was surprised, but the purpose of the remodeling was there, so the mayor was pleased that these people were finally aware of it.
The human remodeling machine started operation at 9 am, and the number of people sent to the aerial village by 11 am was 888.
Because the slums were so tumultuous, the Noji Maren who came to see the suction pump of the human remodeling machine leading to the aerial village counted thousands on that day.
"Well, there was a mysterious machine!"
"What on earth is that?"
"That is a machine that goes up to heaven."
"What happens if I go to heaven?"
"Are you still swallowed by a dragon?"
"Is it really possible to live in an aerial village?"
"No, apparently, I was fooled by that Kagawa magician and became a prey to the dragon. The proof is that no one has returned to the one that rose from the morning. "?"
"Speaking of which, that's right, it's called the flood of the pioneers, the death of the husband of the Anji River, and everyone says that it has something to do with the law of the mayor, Kirishitan Bantenren ... Apparently, this aerial village also The human remodeling machine is also a kind of magic trick!
"Then, after all, it's something to eat."
Surrounding the suction pump of the remodeled machine, Nojiren is doing various evaluations and rumors.
However, the people in the slums are courageous and brave, dancing and being sucked up.
Because it was just lunch break, Mayor Kagawa, who was the driver of the human remodeling machine, came down from the air.
The mayor of meat, Kagawa, could see it well.
The two were talking about the operation of the modified machine. Seen from the side, it looks like it's casting a spell.
Nojiren did not miss it.
"Hey, the mayor is chanting the Bantenren spell again."
"Is that so? It's creepy."
"We may be caught and killed by that machine now."
[# 3 indentation] Seventy-eight violence rule [# "Seven eight violence rule" is a middle heading]
[# Illustration 77 (fig51160_77.png, width 416 x height 581) is included]
The operation of human remodeling continued in the afternoon. By about 2:00 pm, more than 6,000 people had risen in the air.
However, strangely, the applicant stopped suddenly after 2:00 pm.
Mrs. Shimamura-Miss Kikuko Yasujikawa rushed to the mayor thinking, "There was something that advertised against someone."
Kikuko didn't rush to talk about it before and after
"It's a big uproar ... It's a big uproar. The city hall is a big uproar," he said.
"What happened?"
"The coup has begun."
"Whose? "
"The Shogoro Matsushima faction tempted the Constitutional Party to occupy the city hall with about 5,000 strong men carrying weapons in their hands ... including the anarchist. I've escaped from life so far. "
"What are you going to do?"
"I want to escape to the aerial village. Shimamura will come soon. Please send me to the aerial village soon."
"All right!"
As soon as the mayor said so, the suction machine sucked in Mrs. Kikuko Shimamura.
Immediately after that, Shimamura rushed in with work clothes.
"It's hard, Mr. Kagawa, everyone was killed. It seems that Mr. Hiroko and Mr. Tsuneko were grabbed. Most of the other executives were also pulled."
"I was lucky that only Kikuko escaped."
"Did Kikuko run away?"
"I've already gone to the aerial village ... why did I escape?"
"That was, I was talking with me behind the city hall. During that time, the Matsushima faction broke in, so Kikuko immediately fled to you."
"What kind of attitude does the labor organization take?"
"Labor groups are extremely calm, but the Borsevik faction is against you."
"That's right. The more radical remodeling I say wouldn't be understood by materialists."
"You say that socialism is a utopian socialism that doesn't apply to the real world, so it gets in the way."
"That's right."
"But Mr. Kagawa, you also have to run away somewhere. I'm saying that if you don't grab you first, you won't know."
"I can be captured. I never succumb to violence because I am doing what I have to do, because the truth has never been broken."
"Sora came!"
Shimamura screamed, but early on, he flew toward the mayor standing in front of the sucker, with dozens of members of the crew, including Kumagoro, who had a snake's eye.
"Hey, Kagawa, you're good, don't be fooled by the law of Kirishitan Bantenren. You're probably prepared today. Be quietly hung on a rope."
Mayor Kagawa quietly attached to the rope. Kumagoro, the snake's eye, became good at pulling it up to the mansion in Matsushima.
[# 3 indentation] Emigration to Mars 79 [# "Emigration to Mars" is a middle heading]
[# Illustration 78 (fig51160_78.png, horizontal 412 x vertical 601) is included]
The sound of the aerial village bombardment echoed from the morning. The airship burned up and the plane burned down. A cowardly spirit who knew that he trusted only in violence and was afraid of evolution and development ruled the whole city of Osaka.
The mayor connected to the cell endured everything in silence.
The sound of pawns and cannons echoes into the cell. And you can hear the sound of various things falling from the air.
Every time the sound reached the earlobe, the mayor was sad that his ideals would be shattered.
Because the bombardment began in the aerial village, everyone resolved to evacuate to others.
The location of evacuation will be left to the mayor of Kagawa, the mayor of the aerial village.
Mayor Kagawa of the spirit declared that he would move to Mars. The residents of Kosora Nakamura have no weight except for Dr. Nasudare and Dr. Tengu, so they have nothing to do with universal gravitation. The relationship with the gravitational force of the earth was lost from the moment it entered the suction device.
Mayor Kagawa of the spirit proclamation to all people.
"All the people of the aerial village immediately migrate to Mars. The vehicle is a ray train ... According to Einstein's principle of relativity, the ray train's trajectory is slightly curved, but it runs 93 million miles in eight minutes. I think it will take less than three minutes to reach Mars. Never put your neck or hands out of the window of the ray train, and if you put your neck or hands out, you will pass through the space of absolute zero. In some cases, the cold air can freeze it. "
The ray train bound for Mars departed with about 6,000 celestial people. The remaining tengu and dripping nose looked at each other and laughed.
"Hey, you came to a great place."
"What should I do? Let's land in a hurry and return to Tokyo?"
The two promised to return to Tokyo. I landed before being bombarded and walked to Umeda with a strange face.
"Hey, the smoke is terrible, I live in an aerial village, and when I come back to the bottom of the smoke, humans look very inferior."
"It seems that we have gone one step further, soot prevention is the first job."
"But today's capitalists don't really understand that."
When they calmly crossed the Yodoya Bridge,
"Wait here! Where are you going?"
Gorotsuki stopped with a big eye.
"We are going to Umeda to go back to Tokyo."
The tengu replied boldly.
"What is your headgear?"
"This is an oxygen inhaler."
"Oxygen inhaler? What are you going to do?"
"Osaka has a lot of smoke, so I use it to protect myself from smoke."
The nose dripping answered clearly.
"Prevention of soot? Then you are on the side of the mayor?"
"That's right"
"Well, come on ... Don't you know that there is an order that you shouldn't say a word about smoke prevention? Stupid! Smoke never harms the human body. Instead, the lungs It helps to keep you healthy, disinfect the air, reduce lung disease, and increase the growth of adolescents!
"Remove the oxygen inhaler!"
"If I remove this, I will die."
The nose drooped protested. But it wasn't heard. Gorotsuki forcibly robbed the two of them of the oxygen inhaler. The two who were robbed of the inhaler were overthrown and fell into disrespect for personnel.
"Somewhere, plunge into a vacant cell!" Exclaimed Gorotsuki's head.
The bodies of the two mourned were laid next to the mayor's cell.
[# 3 indentation] 80 indenters on the cross [# "80 indenters on the cross" is the middle heading]
[# Illustration 79 (fig51160_79.png, width 450 x height 614) is included]
The Mayor of the night was pulled out in front of a private court. All the members of the opposition to the mayor were gathered there.
Matsushima is the presiding judge, and Umeda, Shima, Horie, etc. are qualified as justice judges. Of course, since it is a private court, there are no prosecutors or judges. Everyone is a prosecutor and everyone is a judge.
Matsushima asked in a loud voice.
"Hey, Kagawa, did you curse and kill Anjigawa Funazo?"
"..."
The mayor silently does not answer anything.
"You can use the method of Kirishitan Bantenren to make it rain and flood when you want, but is that true?"
"..."
The mayor is still silent.
"You screamed to prevent soot, destroyed industry, disturbed the order of the nation, thought of establishing an aerial nation, and jeopardized the national constitution of my Yamane Shimane. It is said that there are already 50,000 humans who have gone to the air, but all of them starve to death in the air and the corpses fall from heaven, but there is no difference in fact! "
"..."
"You have fooled women and girls in the world, disturbed the city administration, made girls involved in politics, hurt the beauty of our country, and disturbed the morning constitution. All of these correspond to the death penalty. I will put you to death because it is something to do. "
Toyohiko Kagawa was sentenced to death, but he was fine.
"This guy is really a goddamn guy. He's okay with the death penalty."
That's right, Umeda said.
"It will be scary."
The island said:
Toyohiko Kagawa was finally sentenced to crucifixion at Abeno's graveyard.
The Nojiren was amused and came along afterwards.
"Hey, it seems that the agitator will finally be crucifixed."
"Poor ah"
"What a pity, you should kill such a hypocrite. He must be a man who is in favor of the counter-revolution."
"Yes. That's right. He's Judah in the labor movement! Because of his non-resistiveness, the class consciousness of the working class was weakened, the fighting mood diminished, and the workers were forever satisfied with the state of slavery. I have to ... The revolution was even easier because he was killed. We can stretch our legs because there are no more guys to say that I don't know. "
The radical people in the heckler were good at talking.
In Abeno, Toyohiko Kagawa was crucifixed on a cross and stabbed with a spear from both sides and died immediately.
The onlookers laughed out loud when they saw Toyohiko Kagawa died.
"Look, I was killed because it was so intimidating and rotten!
Some spit on him. Some threw stones.
The only red dragonfly that passed there, with his eyes rounded, soared into the air.
[# 3 indentation] Yaichi Mars and the red dragonfly [# "Yaichi Mars and the red dragonfly" is the middle heading]
[# Illustration 80 (fig51160_80.png, width 465 x height 598) is included]
The group that arrived on Mars was greatly welcomed by the residents of Mars.
"I had given up on the fact that there were no living things on the surface of the earth because there was no response even though I often communicated with the earth by wireless until today, but he often came."
The people of the Republic of Mars were overjoyed. The inhabitants of Mars were very kind to the 6,000 celestials.
He showed me the world of Mars from corner to corner. The people of Mars have opened two canals from the North Pole and the South Pole in the desert area just below the equator to overcome geological difficulties, and are pouring snow-melted water into the desert. The mayor of Kagawa, who is truly a spirit, was surprised at this big civil engineering work.
"I see! Such a big civil engineering work cannot be done on the surface of the earth. Even pouring Atlantic water into the Sahara desert is still a problem, so it is said to draw water from the Arctic to the Gobi desert. Of course, it's a big event that I can't even imagine. "
Hearing that, the person on Mars said:
"There is no war between us, there is no quarrel, so there is no waste of energy. We all work together, so it's really easy to water the desert from the Arctic. Of course. This must be a co-operation born of necessity. In the olden days, Mars was often a small one, waging wars and fighting classes, but I learned that Mars itself is getting dry. However, while fighting, I discovered that the Martian race was about to die, so I absolutely stopped the war. The result is this. "
Mayor Kagawa of the spirit was impressed with each and every thing he heard.
The young people on Mars came to play saying that the daughters of the earth were beautiful. Many of them applied for marriage immediately.
Also, some of the young people who went from Earth fell in love with the daughter of Mars and got engaged. For that reason, the inhabitants of Mars rejoiced with illuminations every day.
A gondola ship beautifully decorated with lamps floated every night on a canal dug in a straight line for thousands of miles flowing from the North Pole. And they celebrated that the birth of a cosmic free society is not too far away.
The red dragonfly flew there.
Mayor Kagawa, a spirit who is receiving the spirit of the red dragonfly, soon noticed that the red dragonfly's flight news came to report the scandal.
The red dragonfly said sadly.
"Mr. Kagawa was finally crucifixed in Abeno. The corpse is now being carried by her husband to a slum. The funeral will be done by his wife coming out of the countryside. That's you. I will tell you. "
That said, the red dragonfly has disappeared.
As soon as Mayor Kagawa of the spirit heard it, he immediately left the banquet seat and came down to the earth on the "moonlight" that came around from the moon.
Mayor Kagawa, the spirit who returned to the slums, was sad because there was so much difference between the world of stars and the slums at the bottom of the smoke.
Toyohiko Kagawa's corpse was lying on the slum's two tatami mat palace with a lonely face.
[# 3 indentation] 82 The last moment to break the casket [# "The last moment to break the 82 casket" is the middle heading]
[# Illustration 81 (fig51160_81.png, horizontal 448 x vertical 515) is included]
The funeral was held late that night. The mourners were a group of Gorotsuki who came to watch over the corpse with the laborer.
Toyohiko Kagawa of the soul said a condolence.
"... I mourn the death of Toyohiko Kagawa, you, Toyohiko Kagawa. Death is a change. I congratulate you on your destiny for further evolution. Death is It's a selection. God has the right to weed out humans. If you don't necessarily please your death, you can't reject it as God's selection. And you have five hours. As long as you are the former Toyohiko Kagawa, you will admit that it is a creature that belongs to the past. "
The corpse is from inside the casket
Shout "No! No!".
"It can't be helped if you shout'No! No!'. You are already an animal of the past. Everything that belongs to the past is dead. Death is a rope ladder that leads to eternal life. Life Life is to bury the old in the past and discover the new from the future so that it can be purified and respected. Is it enough for you to meditate with people in the past? To jump around, write novels and talk too much, write things that are confusing and make money, do not worship the authoritative, do not bow to the rich, do not respect Marx, He does not respect Renin, pursues a free society, does not talk about the way to go, insists on a spiritual revolution, avoids class struggles, but has an ambiguous attitude, and is respected by enemies without being pleased by allies. Instead, he finally falls on the cross as an isolated and unrelated child.
Because you are loyal to you if you have smoke to bury you, you will finally become smoke to conquer the smoke. Indeed you are looking up. Oh, should I celebrate, should I be happy! ""
The casket was taken to the crematorium in Abeno after the condolences were completed.
The hidden 《Onbo》 threw the casket into a third-class hole, handed over the key, painted it with soil, and set it on fire.
After seeing the fire circulate under the casket, everyone broke away.
"Finally, Mr. Kagawa also turned into ashes!"
One of the human legs laughed lonely when he said this.
× × × × ×
Toyohiko Kagawa in the casket has recovered his spirit as the fire and smoke turn.
"Hey! Where is this?"
The corpse spoke in the casket, so the hiding escaped.
"It's a ghost! It's a ghost!"
"Hey, I'm not a ghost, I'm still a human! It's not so smoked!"
Toyohiko Kagawa shouted because he was so sick of smoke.
However, no one answered.
It seems that the fire circulated all over the casket. Blood is oozing out when I stroke the painful part so that it is stabbed all over, not the neck or the shin.
"This guy is finally going to be cremated."
If you are prepared,
Smoke invades violently through the gap in the lid of the casket. I thought there was no choice but to suffocate, so I decided to break through the casket lid as my last effort.
I broke through the lid of the casket with force, "Un!". My eyes awoke to the beat I struck.
When I woke up, he was still sleeping in the two tatami mat palace of the slum.
He drank too much coffee and couldn't sleep overnight and tried to suffocate in the morning, but he felt that he could be suffocated because the smoke from a nearby fertilizer company came in. Moreover, the bed bugs, which were always caught with fifty or sixty bedbugs overnight, attacked violently as usual, so the whole body was swollen. What he thought was the smoke from the crematorium was the smoke from the fertilizer company, and what he thought was the smoke from the bedbugs.
Bottom book: "Aerial Conquest Toyohiko Kagawa Becomes Mayor of Osaka" Fuji Publishing
First print issued on May 1, 2009 (Heisei 21)
Parent of the original: "Aerial Conquest" Japanese Consumers' Co-operative Union
Published in 1989 (Heisei 1)
* The bottom book is a large scale of "ga" (ward number 5-86) used for counting things and place names.
Input: Hiroshi Kadota
Proofreading: Sensui Ebisu
Created December 5, 2010
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
