Regret
Senko Mizuno

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) A certain region << Chihau >>

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) 1 ｜ Day 《Nichi》

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) Motome [# Emphasis mark on "Motome"]

/ \: Double dance character (repeated symbol in the shape of a vertically lengthened "ku")
(Example) To the destination "Saki" / \
* Double the dance character with dakuten is "/" \ "
-------------------------------------------------- -----

Motome [# "Motome" is a side point] who has been a nurse chief "Kango Fuchiyau" for many years at a county hospital "Gunritsubiyau" in a certain region "Chihau" Today, when I get away from the time of "Kefu" 1 | Day "Nurse", my heart and body "slacken" suddenly. I was walking in the corridor where I lived and walked in the middle of my life.
"Oh, I wonder if it's raining. 』\
She 《Kanojiyo》 first saw 《Soto》 outside the window 《Mado》 with Ki, and muttered. As cold / "\", the glass "garasu" and the thread "ito" are thin, and the rain "candy" falls without sound. The glass of the upper sandals, the glass, and the terrifying sound of the glass, wakes up from the hem of the white robe, and is long. Go ahead in the long corridor to the front / \ and crawl.
When her "Kanojiyo" passed through "Mahe" in front of the ambassador's room "Kozuka Hibeya", "When", a large "Oho" Kina 爐 "Ro" charcoal fire. "Sumibi" looks strangely red "Aka", and from the dim "light" in the middle, "Kami", who has a child, is in a hurry. 》 The voice 《Koe》 was applied.
"Murai-san, how to do it now, Jiyau-san, has an umbrella, and he's holding it. 』\
She said "Karu" and "Rei" there, and received an umbrella "Kasa". The residence "Suma" is one of the Nagaya houses on the premises of Tsuhi, but it is useful for "sei /" \ ki. She said, "I'll show you how to stand." While thinking about the heart of her daughter, "Musume," she was snapping. Open the umbrella. The young grass "Wakagusa" in the hospital, which stretches as long as "Sun", is soft to the sword of the clog "Geta". Then, the soil is moisturized and moisturized. It is blown by a faint wind and a cold. The thread of the rain "Ito" hits Sawa / \ and the umbrella, and holds the handle and holds the hand "Uruho".
It wasn't a special word, but it wasn't a reason, but it was a natural situation for my mother. Kimiko, the prince of the daughter who came to Japan, has been working since this year when she was thirteen years old. In the same way that he was struck by the fact that he was sick, he became able to make a sound by himself / \ and in the place where he was. Today, "Kefu" is also in a hurry, "Awa", while making a sound "Oto" between "I was", Iso / \ and my mother "Ha" are accepted. I went out to the entrance to "Muka" and came to "Irikuchi".
"Come back, my mother, my mother, and my brother, Nii, sent me a letter. 』\
"Ukai. 』\
She was young and shook her breasts, and suddenly picked up the letter "Uhe" on the desk "Tsukue". I cut the seal. Her face was seen / \ joyful and shining. The song "Yuga" is tied to Mikagen, and the smile "Hoemi" is struck by the mouth "Kuchimoto".
"Kimi" Chiyan, my mother "Mother" will do it, so I'll leave it aside, and my brother "Nii" will be in it, hey. After that, I slumped myself into my own tune, and sat down in front of my desk, Tsukue. I'm sorry. Now, now, until now, I've been squeezing, and I've been squeezing, and I'm loosening between Chiyotsuto, and she's one. I was disappointed because of my peace of mind. I wonder what the breast is, and when I'm proud of it, I'm just waiting for the words of the praise from the people of the Chiyaudo people. I'm excited / \. As soon as she tries to renew her joy and peace of mind, Naho picks up the letter again.
The eldest son of her "Kanojiyo", Tsutomu, became an adult like a dream. From the elementary school era, the academic performance of Gakugefu, the behavior of Hinkau, and the honor of Tomo, with the grade of "Seisei", this year "Kotoshi" junior high school "Chiugaku" Immediately after graduating from the school, I went out to take the entrance examination for the local school "Senmon Gakukau". It went on. If you think about it now, Tsutomu is already nineteen. Ten years since the death of nine and three children, Nenkan is now crying in my own tears. It is a word about the history of "Kurau", which is a moderate amount of suffering. The growth and progress of the children, especially Tsutomu, is the diary of her life, Seikatsu. 》. Now, "now" and its diary "Nitsushi" are about to start with a new "page". Her "Kanojiyo" is happy and worried, but she wrote "Ka" only for that purpose. When I tried it again, I couldn't get a secret secret.
Her "Kanojiyo" looks at the photograph of her husband "Tsuto" who has faded the color "Iro" in the "Amimono" knitted with lace thread "Ito". "Naga". As for Ataka, she sees her lips opened by the words of gratitude and the words of the soul. The heart of Nojiyo was lips. In the forgiveness of the ear "Mie", "with one hand of a woman" or "well, I gave it only to that". It was also a humorous voice that I heard, and she was exhausted for a while. "Shibara" wandered around "myself" in the fantasy "kusau".
The sound was mellow, and the rain was fluttering. It's a little cold, it's cold, it's cold, it's cold, it's cold, and it's in the darkness of the room. / \ And her "Kanojiyo" are now "depressed" feelings "Koromo" and lead "Michibi" to go. The room becomes brighter. Kimiko untied the rope of the electric power that was tied up with her back stretched. At that time, my mother, Ataka, was struck by the light, and she suddenly broke up.
Now, the shadow of her specialty, Tokui, disappears from her face, and she feels uncomfortable. Because of the "main" and "de", he bitterly causes "convulsions" on the left cheek "ho". She goes up and goes. Now, when I see the daughter "Musume" who is going to "I want to" prepare for dinner "Yufumeshi", she is "Kanojiyo". You can use your chest with a secret regret.
Yau / \ The anxiety "Fan" that was struck by her "Kanojiyo" in the form of a clear shape, was re-established in both "No" and "Ou". The wounds of Kajiyo-it's a shame, an insult, a squid, a curse, a curse, and all kinds of mischief. If you don't have a strong feeling, you can't see it without seeing it. In the bottom line, "Stop"]. She can't stand the pain. However, the anxiety that comes with the black shadow and the shadow is more than that, and she is sick. It will make you suffer.
The husband of her "Kanojiyo" who was the principal of the elementary school "Seuga Tsukau" in the town "Tsuto" is one | year "Nenkan" lung "Yes" I was sick, and I left my two children, a child, in the hands of my young wife, Tsuma. In the original text, "this is a child" was "a child"] and was dead. The only thing left behind was her heavy responsibility and a very small amount of storage. She had to work immediately for herself and for the children. Soon after, she entrusted her child to her relatives and worked at the hospital of Tochi. I became a body. Her "Kanojiyo" didn't even look aside. Two | Year "Nen" Three | Year "Nen" spends "Ma" during the dream "Yume", and who is "Kwan" in the operation of the widow "Bibojin" There was no one who could take advantage of the secret. Although she was poor, she had a good family background, so she had a little respect for her. In the meantime, the people / "\" trusted her "Kanojiyo", while her "Kanojiyo" was a midwife. I also got a diploma of "Menjiyau".
Three years after her "Kanojiyo" entered the hospital "Biyau" life "Seikuwatsu" | In the autumn "Aki" of the "Nenme", one person from a certain region "Chihau" A young "Waka" hoe who was "one person" came and became a member of the hospital "Biyaun". He is a so-called "Ihayuru" man who likes "Human", and especially "Kangofu", the nurses in the hospital. I was able to come up with a hand. He is a younger brother of his sister, Korui, who is a lonely man of Kanamotome [# aside from "Motome"]. He showed the kindness of his younger brother, Dad, and went along with him. He was only two younger than her. Before I knew it, the relationship between the two of them, Kuwankei, was rumored to be rumored. Rumors "Uha" comes first, or "Aruhi" comes first "actually" -that's what the devil said, she said. 》 Later, it was a shame 《ha》 ゝ word 《kata》 ――Soon after, she 《Kanojiyo》 with two children 《children》, It was openly known that a young soul and a kid would lie down in one of the hospital's rooms. It is said that a certain "what" of the director "Wenchiyau" played the medium "Uha" Samo [# "Rumor" Uha "Samo" is "Rumor" Uhasa "in the bottom. ] It was hot. People cover their eyes and ears because they say that she is also a weak woman. I forgave her "Kanojiyo" by occulting "Mie", but it means "Zetsubo", which means "that person", too--? " I'm sorry.
No one knows what the true phase of the two people, Kuwankei, was. It seems that she didn't even know herself. Her "Kanojiyo" is brilliantly tempted, and she is blind to the sweet and poisonous poisonous gas of "Iwaku".
After spending only three months, she said that she would return to Kunimoto and open a new business, so it's new. Together with her young husband, Tomo, she took the land to leave the land and prepare for it. "Kanojiyo" gave everything that he had, "everyone", and "hi" came on the day of the day. "Tsuku" was sent completely. The first man, "Totoko," came out a pair of "Hitoashi" and "Sayutsupatsu," and the other party, "Senpau," had the convenience. He arranged the "husband" and then sent a telegram "denpau" to invite her "kajiyo" and a child "children". . She was happy and left behind afterwards. Now, dreaming of a new life, from him I waited for the news, and I went to live with one | day, one | day, and so on. But after that, he. From now on, there was no "what" end-of-life "postcard" 1 | the message "Otozure" of the book "Pon".
The unfortunate girlfriend, Kajiyo, wiped the stains that she couldn't come up with, and made her a lifelong gargle. Now, the regret that he regrets for the stains, the regret of her, the essence of her, and the future of this, too. In this way, one of her "Kanojiyo" | Raw "Shiyau" is spelled in Iro / \ and "Tsuji" is followed.
A terrifying night of despair, cursing "yo", crying with a rage, "when", when she witnessed, she "kajiyo" I still didn't regret myself. A man who grudges and curses himself, ridicules himself, straws, and mercy on himself, especially people I couldn't bear to think about myself, who would be the laughter of "people", "monowara", and "mato". If she had no young children at that time, she would be cursed, brave, and worldly. It may have been easy to die because of the humiliation of the elephant and the humiliation of the elephant. I can't.
Along with the rumors of a person, "Tomo", the wound of her "Kanojiyo" is gradually / \ the raw "Nama / \" is lost. However, the pain was revived without any grace. She knew that she would regret it. Even so, there was a regretful stain on Naho's regret. At that time, her "Kanojiyo" flirted with her own circumstances, "Kiyauguu", and remarried "Saikon", and her heart "Kokoro" moved. He said that there was no unreasonableness, and that he had to judge himself. If there was a person who blamed it, she might have blamed the person on the rebellion. Then again, she said that she was a sacrifice of the end of the line of the child, rather than herself. For the sake of my heart, I became the position of my late husband, Baufu, and placed myself as a sacrifice. Forgive "Yoshichi". He was blamed for the unscrupulous behavior of a man who was extremely stubborn. She was just getting rid of the unknown "Fumei" of herself who had been deceived, and she was sick.
However, after that, her "Kanojiyo" increased to the previous "Mahe" and sent a life of "So" and "Kingen". Hoe. The people / "\" sent her sympathy to her, and praised the two filial children. I made it a sympathetic person. Nobody has forgotten to say "now" about her past "Kuwako". Forget it. Her inspiration and effort, Doriyo, compensated for the old-fashioned sympathy of the old days in ten minutes. At that time, because of the terrifying blow, the will of the child was rejected. Because of the fact that 《Kiyoko》 became a sword, her regret of 《Kanojiyo》 was re-covered with 《Futa》 and 《Kamen》. I sometimes tried to make it cheaper. Her regrets were always forgotten. It is.
Along with the date and time, the pain of the wound was thin, and the scar was healed. However, at the same time, I regretted it, and it was a mistake to think about it. Her "Kanojiyo" is now the first "beginning" and tastes the regret of "Makoto", and "Aji" has a sultry ki. Now, what is it? It's scary. [# "Atsuta" is "Atsuta" in the original]]
――The fantasy that she oversaw the growth of her studying breasts, Kuusa, is scary. She exposed her terrifying anxiety to her breasts. In front of the innocent young man "Wakamono", the flood "Ohomizu" is exhibited. The temptation of the "Oho" and the beauty of the "Beautiful" envy are filled with "Mi" and the "Oh" and "Yo"! Don't get out of the way, don't get muddy, step on it, get lost, and take it with your hands. The mother's heart, which is sewn, is sewn off by the recollection of the abomination, the stain, and the sewn mouth. .. What's more scary about Naho and her girlfriend is how a child who has become a public child looks like. He was asked to unravel the secret of his mother, Haoya, and to give him what kind of judgment he had.
Are you merciful? Is it sloppy? Or is it sloppy again? Now, I'm grateful for that cuteness, but I'm grateful for it, and I'm grateful for the loyalty and affection that I've had. Is it possible to get rid of it? Ah, what if it was a young man? She wears herself for her child, because of her unrelenting affection for her child. What you have come to before without wearing anything. [# "Something." Is "something" in the bottom line]
The horror of her "Kanojiyo" is because of the fact that she hasn't been there until now. He stretched out his shadow and went on. She "Kanojiyo" remembered a new "Ara" regret. Naked, serious, and humble, regretful, sorrowful, sad, and mysterious, cheap. I also made it with Yasura and Kasato. The regret that she has been up to now is hidden by the sword of the word "I" and "Why", and the front is "decent". I knew that I had refused the criticism. She had to tear off her "now" and her own "kamen" and be surprised at its ugliness. .. Now she is in front of her deceased husband, Rei, and her innocent child, Mahe. At one point, because of the regret that tainted his soul, Tamashihi, he was able to die. I thought about it.
It can be in the heavens, in the earth, in the heart, in the heart, in the prayer, or in the prayer. Through the "Fujiyun" sana, "Kiyo" Kutoro / \ and her "Kanojiyo"'s breasts flow "Naga". I came.
When Kimiko was suspicious and looked at her mother, Haoya's Yoko, when she was suspicious, she was her late husband, Baufu. In front of the photo, the neck was hung down in front of the photo, and the color of the crab was fading, and the color of the crab was fading. I closed my eyes without flirting.
It was raining / \ a small rain, and a wind came out. The dew on the leaves of the tree is busy, and it falls off. (Hari)



Bottom book: "Lady's News" Hakubunkan
September 1915 (Taisho 4) issue
* The bottom book is a large scale of "ga" (ward number 5-86) used for counting things and place names.
Input: Toru Kobayashi
Proofreading: Yukio Hayashi
Published May 15, 2001
Revised April 19, 2006
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
