Dark youth
Ango Sakaguchi

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Mamushi

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Nagashima ｜ 萃 《Atsumu》

/ \: Double dance character (repeated symbol in the shape of a vertically lengthened "ku")
(Example) Tobo / \
-------------------------------------------------- -----

It was a dark house. Even though it's always sunny. Why is it so dark?
It was Ryunosuke Akutagawa's house. It was only a few years after I committed suicide that I went to that house, but it was dark as soon as my agony still clung to me. I always cursed the darkness, despised death, and hated a certain man.
I didn't know Ryunosuke Akutagawa, who is alive. I visited this house because when I published the douujinshi, one of the coterie was Yoshitoshi Kuzumaki, the nephew of Akutagawa, and he and I edited and made the Akutagawa family an editorial room. .. Kuzumaki boarded the Akutagawa family and published the complete works of Akutagawa, and he was the one on behalf of the Akutagawa family.
Kuzumaki's room is 8 tatami mats on the second floor. In a sunny room, I still remember the sunshine in this room, as if it were a house in the light, no rainy or cloudy days. Start. But why is it a dark house?
This room was filled with blue jutan. This is a blue cloth for the cover of Akutagawa's complete works, and if there is no mistake in my memory, the remainder of that cloth is attached to Jutan, so it is a thing that was not in the life of a dead man. It was a gloomy jutan. The sun was always shining.
There was a big sleeper. Kuzumaki sleeps on this sleeper every night with carmotin, but since it is not possible to use a normal amount, only a huge amount is used, and the unhealthy condition causes the skin of the face to become cloudy, and fine wrinkles cling to it.
In this room, Ryunosuke Akutagawa was found just before his death after breaking the gas plug, and the gas plug was still hot under the shelf between the floors.
I don't know how many nights I stayed in this room. Kuzumaki says that he is dissatisfied with publishing a book with only the collected manuscripts, so translate something. So, I stayed up all night here mostly because of the translation, but I don't like the translation, but he wrote a novel. At that time, I couldn't easily write a novel, because I didn't have what I really needed to write, or the words I had to write. I translated thirty-four copies overnight. I didn't know that I wouldn't look up the dictionary and translate what I didn't understand.
However, Kuzumaki writes a novel next to me. This is also not the speed of my translation. With my late uncle, I write more than 100 novels in one night, like a water wheel. This speed was unprecedented to my knowledge, and he never announced one.
It was dark for me to go to this room, and I really didn't like it. I called it "House of Death", but I wonder if I would sit in that gloomy room again. It makes your walking legs heavier. I cursed. I hated Ryunosuke Akutagawa. But I knew it. The darkness is, of course, not due to a certain suicide. It was neither the color of Jutan nor the color of Kuzumaki. In short, the Akutagawa family wasn't dark. My age was dark. My youth was dark.
Youth is dark.
The youths of this war period are said to be in the blank era of youth, but I think that youth is blank in all cases. I think not only I was dark, but my friends were also dark. There is irresistible passion, hope and vitality to diverge. That habit has no focus.
I wrote a novel. Say to live in literature. But what to write, I had no problems to write, words that I couldn't help but write the truth, and the writing table had no unstoppable way of life or passion. There was a passion for pursuing a fictitious name, and a soul that was desperate and defeated.
In those days, three more people died in those days. The first is Mr. Nemoto. He once sent a postcard to Kuzumaki. The night before, the same people gathered at Nemoto's apartment. The apartment is located in Kudanshita, close to our hangout Athens Francais in Misaki, so I went up to his absent room (with the caretaker opening the door) and consulted with some magazines. I think it was. It was cold, so I took out Nemoto-kun's futon from the closet, laid it down, and Kuzumaki put on the futon. Nemoto is back there. The postcard of the breach was written immediately after we returned.
The postcard said that I could understand the reason for the breakup, but I didn't understand Kuzumaki, and I don't even know it now. Is it wrong to go up without permission, or is it wrong to lay a futon? Nemoto had lung disease. He was a government official. He was a gloomy and serious person who always walked around while doing a weak sequel. I didn't laugh, and most of the time I didn't talk to him. And Nemoto died soon.
What and why did Nemoto get angry? I don't want to know that. You don't even need to know. Anyway, people are hysterical. Anger is always close to you, and the sadness of anger is, well, the sad appearance of a person. Nemoto-kun, who always walked toward Tobo / \ while dropping a weak seki, should have had great anger always hidden in his chest. I shouldn't even know Nemoto-kun, whether it was the anger directed at anything. It's true that I wasn't angry at Kuzumaki. It must have been Nemoto's youth.
The second is Mr. Wakita. He was a student of Mita. It was a calpurnus verrucos. It is rare for a disabled person to have such a hinekure. When we tried to create a troupe, he laughed and said that I could only do Notre Dame. He was bright and refreshing. His funeral went to a distant temple in Setagaya, and I got lost and walked around the country road / \ While walking around, the funeral was over and he left the temple and walked home. I met you guys. The weather is nice. A gentle country road. I thought it was good to reject the temple without finding it. I scratched my head and felt like I could see Mr. Wakita ascending to heaven with a bitter smile saying that he was dead. Say goodbye. He is a master. I wear a student cap from Sanda. Goodbye, Mr. Wakita.
During this war, the morning after the bombing, the train did not pass, so on the way to Tokyo, an alarm was issued in Omori. At that time, there was a person who came out of the house, stopped and pondered, and called on me. It was a calpurnus verrucos. He was the same old man as when Wakita died. There was a quiet smile on the pale face peculiar to Calpurnus verrucos.
"It's a single machine"
Rest assured, he smiled.
"Please do not hesitate to use our air raid shelter."
Mr. Wakita lived in Mokubaruyama, Omori. It goes without saying that I thought of him. The warm heart and the great gratitude for the kind soul that filled my heart made me feel warm, dreamy for a while, and rushed to escape.
The third person was Nagashima ｜ 萃 《Atsumu》.
For him, I was the only friend. I didn't have a close relationship with anyone else. Ryunosuke Akutagawa's suicide house is not uncommon among young people who aspire to literature. However, he is tenacious in his interests and has a temperament that is not attracted to atmospheric things, so he has visited this house only once, and it is certainly a story.
He often committed suicide and failed. He thinks he's probably a genetic syphilis, and he periodically gets confused and tries to commit suicide each time. Every time I was found with a broken rope around my neck and fainted, or I took more than a lethal amount of medicine and helped, a suicide note came to me. Finally he went mad and died of encephalitis.
I thought that Nagashima's suicide was a resistance to me. He was in conflict with me. But with my shadow. He projects something taller and deeper to me than I am true, and contends with me. After his death, only a French book covered in dirt was left behind. His impressions written here and there in the book, in which words that have nothing to do with the French book itself, appear. "Ango is not Enigum." "Ango is afraid of death, but he realizes that knowledge does not break the eye, but creates the eye." "Ango is an appetite." It's not. Ango. "
This last thing has a meaning. I don't know. He once appeared to me, hanging Cocteau's Potomac.
"Did you read this book?"
I nodded. Because Kuzumaki is a familiar reader of Cocteau, I also read his books.
"I laughed. You can't vomit. You can't eat anything. But you don't have any poison. You're a viper." I don't know. "
His smile was sad. I couldn't understand his words. But as he thought about me, I didn't admit that I needed to think about me, so I only told him, silently, and silently.
I was angry when he failed to commit suicide, revived, regained his health and appeared in front of me.
"Suicide is such a crappy advantage. Hey, don't make me laugh."
His lonely face is still unforgettable.
"I know. But it's no good. I am."
However, it's no good, I am. Is it his periodic confusion? It's not just that meaning. He was afraid of someone like me and didn't have to fight. What did he project to me? But I think it is true that he rushed from resistance to me to death in each of those confusions. Ango does not die. Anyway, I was told that I would die.
When I visited his dead bed, it was a room in a mental hospital, but he left his family and told me to die with only me on the pillow. He says that I can't die if I live. You can't commit suicide. Whenever I die, I'll call it. Be sure to call it. His crazy eyes were sickening and glaring. It was a tremendous amount of energy. His spirit erupted. I was wondering if the scorching lava would come to me. How is it? I'm scared. You were scared, he screamed desperately.
Why did he say so much? It shouldn't have been said so far. I was certainly scared. I was overwhelmed and had no choice but to feel the fate of being killed by him. But the cry that you were scared gave me some room anyway. I reflexively and astoundedly answered. It's natural. And I stared at him with all my might.
There was a fierce disappointment on his face. And he was silent.
However, I was afraid of the ghost at the moment of his death. However, the ghost did not come. His heart is meek. His friendship with me was struck by endless love. Thinking about it, he couldn't help denting me, hitting me for a lifetime, and hitting me until he came up with an old-fashioned cursed karakuri to call me on his deathbed. I have a long-cherished desire. He was a Saifu man. There is no single-minded passion to be a true ghost. The idea of a farce trying to hit it with a karakuri was hot. Even though his long-cherished wish was bet on the farce, and the spirit and passion to erupt, he himself knew that it was a farce. I was always sad. His suicide was the same. At the end of his life, instead of visiting me, his ghost would have spit out the only pale word in vain into the void. The farce is over! When. The farce was his life.

★

There is no time when you can bear the sword of death and be back to death like youth. For human emotions, there is only one director behind the scenes, and that is death. One must die. I have to wonder if nothing is more decisive to our survival than this fact, or rather, it is the only source of power.
Youth is a time of power, so at the same time it is a time of close contact with the intensity of death. The maze of life is hard to solve. It's a maze of souls, and that maze is also what death has given us. Contradiction, tangled thread, death is the mother's womb, and it is a nostalgic Aya to love life, which is also the hometown.
My youth was dark. I had no choice but to think about death, but thinking about death directly should not have darkened my youth. Because youth itself is the soul of death.
I was ambitious. My body was healthy. My wildness has always plagued my friends. Because my friends were generally sick and chicks.
Kuzumaki was Calies. Why don't you show me an X-ray of your chest and look at yourself with a cheek stick? Chiyotsu and no, say no. Make a laugh with an adult. And you say you're healthy. I was very healthy. However, the healthier the body and the healthier the soul, the greater the degree of death.
I was tired because of my ambition.
The ambition was that he wanted to be famous. However, I just want to be famous, and I have no words to say what to write, what to write, the truth, even if I open my heart, I have to tell people. There is blind self-confidence commensurate with ambition. Then, in response to the lack of words to speak, there is a disappointment to see an infinite fall.
The disappointment always made me feel "a heart to escape". I longed for the fallen. Attic philosopher. Mr. Bonbon, the philosopher of the father of a restaurant at the bottom of the dead end of Paris. A college student who falls in love with dolls. I wanted to go to Paris. My mother also wanted to send me to Paris, but I had a dark premonition, and I couldn't escape from that premonition because I couldn't hang my neck in the attic of Paris. Therefore, I didn't feel like actively asking for Paris. If you think about it, your longing for a deceased person may be the product of a healthy mind. Because it's behind the ambition.
For one day, I hid everything from my friends and mother and went to work secretly. I sought a manager at the monkey cafe in Kanda. I forgot the name of the cafe, but I decided after seeing the newspaper advertisement. I decided because it was the most silly profession in everyone's eyes.
I remember that day clearly. It was May 5th, Showa 5th. I got on the provincial line. There are three stamps on the ticket, 5, 5, 5, and so on, so I can't forget them.
Because I didn't drink alcohol, I never crawl into something like a cafe. I think it's been a while since I was invited by people to crawl into a small bar twice or three times, but it was the first time for me to have such a big cafe, but since it was in the morning, there were no people. He was the master of melancholy, wickedness, and greed itself. It feels like a snake, crawling on the ground, and its fine eyes shine. Speak in a low-pitched, low-pitched voice and look into my eyes.
The manager is not the manager of this cafe. For the time being, he is the manager of this cafe, but since his purpose is to run the hotel, he says that he is the manager of the hotel, and that the hotel and the bars that belong to it are ideal.
If you answered that you have a hobby in the tourism business, or if you sometimes leave it out of your mouth, then say whether you have aspirations. I've never thought about it, so I closed it completely, and I couldn't help it, so I confessed.
I have no intention of becoming a hotel manager. I wanted the manager of the cafe. Wearing a black tie or something (Mr. Bonbon was dressed in formal wear all year round) In the noise of drunkenness, pine trees, fir trees, potted plants, etc. Make a face that is careful. No matter who you look at, you're more stupid than anyone else. Such a dull Nukaranu face is a natural thing for humans, and it is not something that anyone can do, and it is very suitable for me. I went out secretly with confidence, so there are not a few aspirations. What are your aspirations?
"I like this business, which I can't say it hurts when I have cavities. I'll work for the company. The chief calls me and you're on the top of the Buddha from the morning. I yell at him, whether he has any complaints or not, and then I make a mosquito-screaming voice saying that I actually have cavities. I actually have cavities and this I cry because of the pain. I cry because I can't stand it. But at the cafe, even if I cry, there are no customers who care about the top of the Buddha like the section chief. Being silent, ignored, and stupid, I only have a painless look and sadness in my heart, even if my cavities hurt. That's why I have a genius. Even if my cavities hurt As long as you stand beyond the potted plants in this cafe, you will be more unaware of the pain of tooth decay than the plants. "
He just glanced up with his eyes. It was a cold air of water that did not show any emotions.
"How do you think the store will flourish?"
I was totally useless. I stuck only to the atmospheric aspirations that connect me to this profession, and drowned in the cavities that convinced me, not even overnight. I didn't think about the secret to making the store prosperous. I noticed a clue. What he asks of me is not that I have cavities, but that it is the secret to making the store prosperous.
"It's about collecting only beautiful women.
Because there was no help for it, I answered with great arrogance. I was intimidating because of the dignity of the truth, but he nodded coldly,
"It's crazy"
I was upset, enthusiastic, and overwhelmed. I realized I wasn't in charge, so I asked him to return my resume. He returned the resume not to mention that it was natural, but he said that he was looking for a person who should be the manager of the hotel, and the manager of the cafe was a trivial job. He added that the management of the hotel is difficult. It may have been a word of his own great aspirations, rather than blaming me for his carelessness. Will he serve his purpose? I feel like I was very successful, but for the time being I was overwhelmed by the illusion of this man. It was as emotionless as water until the end, and he had no contempt or preaching to me. In other words, I was amazed at my carelessness and selfish sumo wrestling, and mourned.
By the way, when it comes to what kind of feelings I had when I went to this kind of employment secretly to my family and friends, I would say that it was dark and sad. I was mourning whether I could only live this way. There is no such thing as a light-hearted fashionable spirit.
When I saw the master of gloomy, wicked, ruthless souls, I shook my face in a special darkness, and I saw the shadow of the darkness of reality that I was trying to push me down. The body.
Youth is desperate. Because there is great hope. The boy's hopes are free, and neither the king nor the genius can distinguish between dreams and reality, but behind the hopes of youth is a limited ego. I am aware of the limits of my ability, and I lose my foothold in hope.
This is also the story at that time. I saw the circus at the Nagashima and Kudan festivals. One girl fell while four and forty-five girls were riding around on a naked horse. One leg of the horse touched my face. That was all. The girl's face was colored with fresh blood. A surprising amount of fresh blood. A man shook his head, grabbed his hand, and woke up. The horse's tune-riding is still spinning, so its rough texture was natural. The girl was awakened and stood up, staggered a little, and ran into the back of the curtain, but the fresh blood on her face caused the crowd to moan. But the faces of the troupe were angry at immaturity, not blunt. On the girl's face, the pain of self-responsibility for immaturity was more steep than the pain of the wound.
The ruthlessness was clean at this time. Fall off. One leg of the horse touches the face. Indeed, it was a moment of nothing. Injuries are unthinkable, and the shadows that pass by are just moments, so the fresh blood that blows out all over my face is just like a red color. I did.
It wasn't a beautiful girl. However, the fear of agony for self-responsibility under fresh blood was the one that iced my heart with the award. I was aroused, staggered, and immediately ran into it, the angry eyes of the troupe around it, and I was intoxicated with beauty.
We left the hut and went around to the back of the hut. I suddenly felt my heart when I saw something like a sitting head coming out of the gap in the tent that looked like the mouth of the dressing room. I approached, bowed, and replied, "Are you sitting down?"
I stuttered and asked. Please put me in the troupe. What I can do is the script, the overall composition, and the direction, but I added that it can be used for other chores.
My appearance must have been different from the example of a man who offered to say something. At that time, I was high-collar and well-groomed. He stared at me rather than wondering. Then he nodded to throw away a couple of things, and walked away without answering a single word.
I had a ridiculous feeling of being pinched by a fox. Rather, it was uncomfortable. Why did I want to join the circus party, but I wasn't willing to join. It's just that I tried to say such a thing.
The face of the bloody girl didn't make me laugh. I was a little impressed. However, it was not a big impression. It's a matter of consciously taking a big impression.
Besides, I think that the trouble was that there was even a play to show it to Nagashima. At the very least, after I started talking, I was persistently aware of Nagashima and Ifu onlookers.
However, the darkness of youth and the irresistible sadness of it are also sloppy.
"You are empty"
Nagashima's muttering was painful. He was the one who left me. His face was lonely. The one who dared to be foolish is himself, a thin shadow, a distorted face of self-deprecation.
I now think it was a self-deprecation.
He has never spoken to a woman in front of me or even when he turned to another coterie. I didn't pretend to be any beautiful woman. However, after his death, I was told a strange story by his sister, his family friends, and so on. He was always chasing a woman. If you stay at the inn, you will persuade the maid, go to the maid's room at night, and always succeed. He looked like a prince. He fell in love with a woman in a coffee shop, sprinkled a hotai on her face, sprinkled a hotai on her arm and hung it on her chest, sprinkled a hotai on one leg, pulled a bicco, and hung her on a cane to persuade her every day.
"Sukehei is our blood"
His sister muttered at the wake-up seat. It was a cold laugh of self-deprecation, but it is the same as my brother's self-deprecation. At that time, I remembered his self-deprecating face that day. He was the one who dared to do folly. He was a man who didn't laugh at people. He was a lonely Tachi who could only think of himself.

★

It was during the war, but I was asked by Ken Hirano. I wonder if I wasn't upset by the leftist movement during my adolescence. At this time, I answered that I didn't receive it.
If you say that you did not receive it, it is certainly such a thing. Of course, young people should not be indifferent to the trends of the times. All that interest is a kind of upset, but to talk about one of these upsets, one has to talk about all the interests of the times, and if one is separated, it is distorted. It is easy to become.
Ken Hirano had a bitter smile because I said that I wasn't upset so much, but his question is impossible. I could say either, and both of them were, to put it simply, sloppy.
This age, which I am recollecting now, was already at the end of the turmoil. When I visited Kuzumaki, Shigeharu Nakano came yesterday, Tsurujiro Kubokawa had just returned, and I didn't meet anyone because I made a mistake, but the warrior of the underground movement came to the money plan and returned now. Sometimes I was still sitting on the warmth of the cushion. Katsumaki was also detained, and I stayed up all night in a room where I wasn't there. At that time, Koichi Takahashi hid himself outside the police and looked at the window of the detention center overnight. It's amazing his spicy power, but one day I visited my house late at night, but the light leaked out of my room and I could see my study, so I stood outside and my Sometimes I waited for my studies to finish, admitted that I was going to sleep at dawn, and went through a visit.
I was a member of the circus troupe, but my rash and rash did not make a noise by throwing myself into communism. I knew about my sympathy. Because I knew my selfishness that I couldn't be a communist without pretending to be myself.
My youth was dark. It was a darkness that I should devote myself to. However, even if I fantasize about the circus troupe, I no longer fantasize about communism.
I bet on humans clearly anyway.
I hated communism. He believed in his absolute, his eternity, his truth.
Our life is short. Our past has a long history, but our future has an even longer time than that past. In our short generation, imposing an absolute system on the infinite future is a blasphemy against infinite time and infinite evolution. It suffices that every era does its best, respects its own life, and passes the baton.
Politics and social systems are always temporary, of a nature that one should be aware that they are a step in evolution that should be replaced by something better than others, and politics is the actual repair and correction of deficiencies in reality. Measures are sufficient. Politics is an infinite correction.
It is okay if each correction is always justice of the times, so the only essential thing that is indispensable for politics to be justice is to establish the freedom of each person.
Politics that believes in its own absolute and invariant eternity betrays freedom and rebels against evolution.
I hate revolution and the means of force. The only thing that must be realized when appealing to the revolution is the establishment of freedom.
What I needed was not politics, but to be a free person first.
However, this was the first time I had thought about politics, and when politics became a problem for me, I should have been thinking about it for quite some time. However, the human mind did not move only by theory. Contradiction. I wonder if my upset about communism was one of the most "courageous" railroad crossings of the scholars. Heroism was intelligently and blindly despised and longed for by young people. I read Napoleon enthusiastically at that time. The pitiful emptiness of the words he spoke on the island of Torare until just before his death, the words so far away from the world, no, the words themselves are nothing more than the idiots of a farce. The youth of my chest was laughing, sighing, and sometimes even tears oozing at night. I didn't know if literature that sees inochi only in words could laugh at Napoleon by that word, or if Napoleon could laugh at literature.
I think that the upset of youth may be the actual courage rather than the theory. I didn't have the courage. I wasn't confident. Only the darkness was visible ahead.
Around that time, I had traveled to Enoshima at the Alumni Association of Athens Francais. At that time, I was strangely talked to by a young Sarariiman I didn't know. He was the only one who chased me, always talked to me, and afflicted me with my shadow, but when there were no people around, he said all the time.
"How many, dozens of daughters' lovers do you have?"
I was disappointed. He was serious, but calm.
"You are surrounded by the ladies who praise you. I have always seen from a distance. I am lonely and envious, but seeing my dreams in your reality. I was also intoxicated with the freshness. You are the champion. You are surrounded by beauty, ingenuity, and power. "
His words were quite long. He doesn't want to be my friend, he just has the opportunity to speak to me. Saying that I was sad and drunk when I saw the realization of his own dream in my reality.
And when he finished saying only the words he had prepared to speak to me, he went away strangely. And I didn't even try to stop by.
Actually a stupid young man.
I have no friends, let alone my daughter's lover. When and what did he dream of? I couldn't think of anything in my life that made such an unthinkable judgment.
However, I bought a French book at Nagashima and Hakusuisha, and was struck by a strange young man. This young man was over thirty. He said he had long wanted to be a kid with me.
"Only 15 minutes"
He said with full force. He told me to allow 15 minutes to talk to myself. We went to the coffee shop.
What he said, however, was his own feelings, lethargy that could only be on the sidelines, and the hardships of Ahn Sarariiman, who could neither be a Marxist nor an epicurean I was struck by the painful feelings I had.
He was a little boy. And while talking about the tragedy of Ahn Sarariiman, the lethargy of the bystanders, and the emptiness, he suddenly turned back into his chair and was intimidating and intimidating about anything. I had a bitter smile on my mouth, but it was a arrogant bitter smile that stabbed me as well.
"You are confident. You are full of confidence. You are always walking in the ground. Every time I see you, I feel repulsion and nostalgia, hatred and sadness. I always felt like Gotcha. "
While he was flattering me, he was more and more flirting, his bitter smile deepened, and he was ridiculing me. He cut the word all the time,
"I'm leaving Japan soon. I'm going to China. What can I do to separate it?"
He stood up calmly, gave us a cousin, and disappeared suddenly.
Far from being full of self-confidence, I was a piece of self-confidence, and I had no choice but to survive. My stepping foot was always floating in the air. I myself suffered from the sadness and frustration of being a comedian on the stage of my life. What a strange emptiness. They don't ridicule me. The bitter smile of the teacher's mouth must have been that he only knew how to express his dearness.
Yoshitoshi Kuzumaki and others were thought of by people as if they were the happiest people. He is a meek nobleman and nephew of Ryunosuke Akutagawa. People were snarled by many beautiful people, wondering if he was an iris, and sniffing out the happier melancholy. However, when he was the person himself, he was unrequited by a certain daughter, and at night he couldn't sleep in agony. He used only carmotin as a gab and fell off the sleeper.
And Kuzumaki and I wondered if they stayed up all night in a room on the second floor of the Akutagawa family. I'm angry and translate it. He writes a novel. Both are terrible speeds. I was always dark.
I think of that house. Always sunny and dark house. The war will make that house ash, but my dark house will not. My youth is in the house. Youth with nothing but darkness. Even if I think about it, it just gets dark.



Bottom book: "Ango Sakaguchi Complete Works 05" Chikuma Shobo
June 20, 1998 (Heisei 10) First edition first print issued
Parent of the bottom book: "Tide Volume 2, No. 5" Tide Company
Issued on June 1, 1947 (Showa 22)
First appearance: "Tide Volume 2, No. 5" Tide Company
Issued on June 1, 1947 (Showa 22)
* The bottom book is a large scale of "ga" (ward number 5-86) used for counting things and place names.
Input: tatsuki
Proofreading: Tatsuo Fukatsu, Michiko
Created April 20, 2009
Revised April 15, 2016
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
