Fantasy diary
Torahiko Terada

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Polar bear

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Cold protection | Boots << Nagagutsu >>

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) [# Raise 3 characters from the ground] (Remodeled in March 1945)
-------------------------------------------------- -----

Death of a polar bear

In the episode movie taken during the Arctic Ocean voyage of the expedition ship Sybiliakov, a scene of shooting and killing a polar bear and catching the child alive is recorded.
A polar bear with parents and children is looking at me strangely on a piece of drift ice mosaic that stretches the endless ice sea. Perhaps it was the first time he was born that he encountered a steamer, and he was looking at the figure moving on it, thinking that it was a strange bird. There is a flock of sailors leaning against the railing on the deck and aligning their muzzles. "Don't hit it yet," shouts film director Schneiderov. The camera starts shooting before the gun. Shirakuma never dreamed that the rays of light emitted from his fur were collected in the lens of a distant camera to create a record of a hidden image "Retent Image" on a photosensitive film. He turns his innocent curiosity and wonders at the flock of brutal slaughterers on this floating island. When the shooting was over, a thin smokeless powder smoke burst out from the muzzle that I had been waiting for. The parent bear suddenly broke his leg and dressed as if he had a buttock, and when he thought that he would turn around once, he rushed out, but immediately turned around and bite into his waist. It looks like it's trying to get rid of an invisible enemy. The deadly enemy has already invaded the body deeply, but the bear does not know that. I hurriedly started running again. I don't know why, but I instinctively run away from the enemy. Black blood rushes from the right waist and dyes the top of the ice. How beautiful and awesome crimson this blood, which is only black in the movie, actually dyed in the middle of the ice sea. It seems that some bullets "Tama" were hit again in the meantime. No matter how much she escapes, she tries to sneak into the gap between the two ice cubes that are close to each other with the intention of sprinkling the enemies in her body that are running away, but the crack is her bloated body. It's too narrow to accommodate "Ice". This last effort may have exhausted the remaining energy, or the power of the body to see and see may be lost, and the person may fall down on its side like a smash. On the other hand, a pretty little bear, Koguma, who swims around in the tide water between the ice blocks, is eventually tied to a rope and becomes a ship. Can be lifted. Then, he rebels with his hard power and goes around. It was introduced in the speech of the expedition captain that "it caused a terrible trouble for everyone," but this is natural from the standpoint of a baby bear. To the profile of the exposed baby bear, cold weather | Many human legs wearing boots "Nagagutsu" fly away. This is also natural from a human standpoint. Eventually, when the corpse of a soulless parent bear is hung on the deck, the cub suddenly jumps on its mother's nape and tries to drag it out. Perhaps he is trying to escape from this place while dragging this injured mother. The mother is finally out of breath, and her body is roped.
The meat of this mother bear was crowded with the expedition members' table, and at the same time, it helped prevent the members from having vitamin deficiency. The baby bear will probably appear at the zoo in Tokyo sooner or later, and the sign in front of the cage says something like "The polar bear that was previously captured was captured in the far north of the highest latitude." It will follow. By that time, that tragedy on the North Ice Ocean would have disappeared from the memory of the bear long ago.
From the eyes of animals, humans will still look selfish. The Soviet expedition members are projected on the screen as a cruel tyrant and an exploiter of blood and life against the polar bear, a resident of the innocent Muko of the Ice Sea.
If the polar bear were a chimpanzee, the emotions it would give to the audience in this movie would be a little different. What if Hottentot instead of a chimpanzee? Some moral scholars would bring up humanitarian theory and only release the movie would be banned.
Chimpanzees are animals, unlike humans. This is due to the classification that zoologists have artificially determined from arbitrary reasoning. Westerners and Japanese are the same people. However, according to Dr. A's research, the Japanese have distinctly different characteristics from the Westerners in terms of the distribution of blood vessels. It's a different animal, so to speak. In the olden days, Joironsha considered Westerners to be a kind of beast. Lynch's facts prove that some Americans today don't think blacks are humans.
It seems that the polar bear of the North Ice Ocean was only killed and captured alive because he did not have a camera, a gun, a rope, a chain, a winch, or boots.

Two ceramics demonstration

When I went to Mitsukoshi, a certain prefecture product exhibition was being held, and I was offering a demonstration of the process of making roasted pottery there. Place a piece of clay on the turntable. It seems that while turning it, the baby boomer's center of gravity is just above the axis of rotation. It may be the result of many years of skill, but just by putting it on at the beginning, it is already in the correct position in the first approximation, so after that, just press this baby boom firmly against the base plate and fix it. At the same time, only a small second approximation is performed. Now, when this setting work is completed, after soaking both hands in the dilute mud juice "Dorojiru", gradually hold down the body of the baby boomer that rotates with that hand from the bottom to the top. When raised, what used to be just an irregular nodule comes to "live" as a "kotsuzen" just by being imbued with the life of one discipline principle called "rotational symmetry". Then, the skin of the soil wet with the smooth mud is also seen, and it has a lively luster. Next, when you push your fist into the top of the cylinder of this clay mass, the head of the cylinder opens and a hollow cavity is created inside, and at the same time it gradually spreads inward, and at the same time, the body The side of the head gently bulges out, and the shape of what seems to be a jar is unfolding. After that, modeling of the slightly finer shape of the jar's rim began, but unfortunately I didn't have time to look at it so long, so I skipped it and came back. While being shaken by the train on the way back, when this group of messy clay corpses was caught in the hands of a potter, I remembered the mysterious sight of growing and growing like a living thing over and over again in my head. I was admired.
The embryos of humans and many other animals are initially spherical. Then, one of them is recessed and becomes a pot shape, which is the first staircase of the outbreak. The formation of a jar from a lump of clay is a somewhat similar process in appearance, but it is still well known to any biologist what acts as a potter's hand in the case of a biological embryo. I don't seem to know. Anyway, the shape of this embryo jar gradually diverges into an infinitely complex shape, which eventually becomes Cleopatra or our calico cat. Whether it's Cleopatra or a calico cat, Hikkyo is a pot that is twisted without a natural potter's lathe. The contents of this jar will be a problem.
You can't make pottery without clay, but you can't make pottery just with clay. This is a matter of course. However, various problems can occur because this obvious thing is sometimes forgotten.
A philosopher may construct his own original system from baby boomers of materials that have been hunted, collected, and accumulated over many years. Scientists may do the same. In such cases, there is no inevitable communication between the parts as long as the gathered materials are gathered from different fields, so their deposits are still just piles of materials. Just because it is a baby boomer, it will not be much different from the clay baby boomer placed on the lathe of the scholar's potter. However, the fragments of the literature must be completely ground once, but even if they are ground, they are ultimately a modification of the original material.
When a scholar who excels from baby boomers of this material twists his system, I feel that there is something similar to a master craftsman making pottery. It is a really interesting sight to see the dead inorganic baby boomer grow as an organic mechanical system while being infused with the life of wisdom and constructive.
What seems most ridiculous to the bystander in such cases is that the material used as the material for this organic system, or its supplier, uses it to create a fine one. It is the fact that he turns his eyes to the potter who has won the honor as a master craftsman. In other words, when a potter picked up a gold tile at the Imperial Exhibition, the potter's clay miner used for the work said, "That is the same soil that I broke and dug, and I used that gold tile as it was. In fact, it often happens that something similar to resentment is often made by saying, "I have a cool face, even though I'm afraid." Alternatively, even if the potter's clay miner is okay, there may be cases in which he becomes an unsolicited compassionate and blames the potter's "unrighteousness" without knowing what he is doing. The greater the fame and gain gained by the potter, the greater the probability that such an incident will be raised.
Even in literary works, a similar "plagiarism problem" often arises. Most of the great writers are plagiarists.
The same is true for all philosophers and scientists. Aristo Terrasse is the man who built the storehouse of the gift "Zouhin". The bigger the job, the deeper the sin.
In an era when Darwin put together his theory of evolution and it was generally touted, perhaps Darwin had the same grudges as the clay suppliers mentioned above, calling him a thief. It is imagined that there would have been three or five. For a small part-time job of a smaller scientist, even if it is not such a big job, for example, one professor uses the result of the efforts of his disciple to make one small systematization, and one small conclusion. When the disciple grudges, saying, "The teacher took the result of his efforts to crush the bones and sucked the delicious juice by himself," or between the teacher and the disciple. Is a phenomenon that is often seen in both the West and the East when an unsolicited bystander, who is unsolicited even though the understanding has been established, blames the teacher and slams his disciples in the shadow. .. However, in fact, not only the material but also the idea of the molding composition was created by the disciple's originality, and the teacher abused the privilege of being a teacher to make it completely selfish and cool. It is not said that he may make a face, but it seems that there are many cases where he does not. It is not easy for anyone to give a theme that is likely to be one and to direct the course of research for it when the disciple has no idea what to do. Therefore, this alone corresponds to the skeleton of one work. When the disciple himself had no idea what the results would be useful for, the teacher succeeded in using it to perform a cohesive induction and deduction from it. Then, in this case, the teacher must clearly be the potter and the disciple must be the clay supplier. Nonetheless, it seems surprisingly common for disciples to grudge their teachers and gossip slamming, even when this is clearly the case in the eyes of a calm third party. This is a phenomenon that arises from a lack of awareness of the nature of a scientific part-time job. Of course, many of the disciples who complain like that have a weak head with little creativity. If you are a disciple with creativity, even if you give such a trivial thing to your teacher, your work will be rolling in front of you.
It is rare for a potter to thank the clay and its miners. This may seem inconvenient, but if you think about it, you can't be a great potter, but most people can dig the soil.
When a student without creativity is working under the knees of a creativity teacher, the work progresses smoothly so that it is interesting. At that time, if the disciple lacks the ability to recognize himself, he will feel as if he is walking alone as a major player. However, it is convinced that this is not always the case, as soon as you leave the teacher and walk alone. However, the disciple of good sex, Deshi, recognizes the driving force in the teacher's head and ingests it while he is working hard and limbs, and makes it his own. Then I will stand alone, but as soon as possible, I will start my own creation. On the contrary, it seems that there are few cases where a disciple who whispers that the teacher has taken over his work stands alone and demonstrates his creativity. This would be natural.
There are many cases where the above is the opposite. Because the potter is mediocre, it is quite often that he uses good clay and kneads a substitute that is almost useless and awkward waste. I feel sorry for the material. However, in the case of scholarship, it seems that once a good material is dug out, it will eventually be found by a master craftsman and made into a splendid one. Although it is an old story, the results of Tycho Brahe's astronomical observations may have been used for some unscientific divination, but in the end, they were organized by the master craftsman Kepler. It was used to make a model of the solar system. Newton also built an even greater system of mechanics, using what Kepler made as a material. There would be no limit to a similar example.
I saw the work of a potter at Mitsukoshi I tried to make such a fantasy on the train on the way back, but when I think about it later, I can compare the work of a potter with the work of a scholar. There are some things that are impossible. In the case of scholarship, the value of materials is actually very important. Finding and discovering good materials is often more difficult and requires a lot of talent, much more than using it to create a bad system. It is often considered difficult. So good academic material, once unearthed, has the potential to be useful forever and may be used for any significant thing in the future. On the contrary, the life of the makeshift system and theory created using the material is not always long. In some cases, it may be shorter than the life of the water bottle in our kitchen. Even if the material of the water bottle cannot be used again, the material of the theory or theory can be used again at any time. When thinking in this way, the potter who is a supplier of academic materials emerges in the air with a back light as a really precious thing, and kneads the material to twist an item that is not very good. It also seems to be the role of a boring clown.
It goes without saying that there should be no demand for pottery clay where there is no demand for pottery.
However, without any such theory, the moment you see the dead earthen mass growing between the hands of the potter like a living thing, the preciousness of the creative ability to create human things is inevitable. I couldn't help but praise him.

Three heights and lifespan

Dr. I of the Earthquake Research Institute recently announced the results of research on the limits of human sensation for earthquakes. The subject is seated on a chair fixed on a specially designed shaking table, and the amplitude is increased or decreased in various ways while applying vibration for a certain period on the table. Then, the amplitude corresponding to the limit of the vibration sensation is measured. Next, change the week and do the same thing again. When the amplitude of the sensory limit for various weeks is calculated in this way, it is interesting that the sensation is most sensitive at a certain week that is unique to each subject. In other words, you can feel the smallest amplitude or acceleration during that week. What is even more interesting is that the special period is slightly different due to differences in the structure of each person's body, which in the end seems to indicate the natural vibration period corresponding to the sitting position of each individual.
When I was asked about the results of this interesting research, a strange fantasy suddenly fluttered down from one side of the heavens and marked the page of the notebook. When translated, it becomes as follows.
It is clear from classical mechanics that it is relative to the length of time. Among various units for measuring it, the unit chosen in physics is "second". There is no doubt that this was chosen as the most "affordable" unit when observing various phenomena that occur in our daily lives. What you feel is "reasonable" is a human-oriented judgment, and it is just that the time interval is such that it is easy for humans to judge. Since this judgment can only be made by comparison, it is likely that some sort of sample or measure of time that is closest to you will be adopted naturally. Pulse and breathing are also really good to measure in "seconds". However, rather than that, the weekly time interval that appeals to the subjective muscular sensation more directly is the pace of walking, or the weekly period of hitting with a hammer. It is related to the self-oscillation week of. The same is true for the week of the dance step, which is also closely related to the rhythmic week of music.
The current "second" is a coincidental product of the combination of the adoption of the metric system and the use of the pendulum, but it is still the week of the human body that established the next order of this great size. Seems to me almost as if it were.
Well, we measure the length of time in this second and at the same time "feel" it again. The fact that many seconds have passed means that we walked a lot and danced a lot during that time, and in the end we did a lot of "things". It means that the human activity of human beings has increased so much. In other words, that much "lived".
Thinking this way, the unit for measuring the length of our "lifetime", that is, the "lifetime" is the natural vibration week of our body.
Therefore, suppose that there is a country of human beings here, and the week of the human body in that country is one tenth of our week. Then these dwarf dances are so fast in our eyes that we can't tell what steps we're taking. However, in order to control and regulate such a fast movement, it is necessary to have a nerve that works considerably fast. The sense of time felt by that fast nerve would be quite different from what we feel. So, perhaps, these one-dimensional masters may feel our seconds as if they were our ten seconds, and if so, they may feel as if they lived our so-called ten years and actually lived a hundred years. unknown.
Suppose there is a small wingworm that is born in the morning and dies in the evening, and its most natural flapping is 1000 times per second. Then, for this bug, our day may be their thousand days.
A small bird flying through the bushes of the forest never touched a single leaf. That agility is what marvels us, but he may just be a resident of the above-mentioned nation.
Even if elephants live for hundreds of years, if their "seconds" are long, it may not necessarily be said to be longevity.
The length of "seconds" will not always be measured by height alone. Rabbits and turtles are shorter in height than turtles, but the length of "seconds" is probably longer in turtles. Then, I don't know which one has longer life. Now, there is an increasing tendency for humans to make various instruments and use them as substitutes for the body. And as the rhythms of those instruments get faster and faster, our "seconds" may get shorter and shorter. So, if human lifespan measured in the current seconds remains unchanged, we tend to live longer and longer. But whether it is fortunate or unfortunate that human life can be measured by the number of revolutions of a motor is another matter.

4 aerial murder method

When I was reading a swimming biography called "Shinden-ryu Yusho", I found that "Yagura-waza", Iwatobi, "Iwatobi", "Chugaeri", etc. When you get the freedom to fly, you will have enough to kill the enemy until the water. "Or," The enemy of the fleet "Funakusa" will be assembled and killed until the water. The teaching is that if you get the freedom to fly, you won't win. Therefore, you should practice with this heart on weekdays. " Be prepared to kill the enemy before my body calms down on the ground. " It preaches the aerial murder method. In modern times, aerobatic aerobatics, whose only purpose is to finish medals, cups, and records at competitions, seems to have been practiced by samurai in the past as a rehearsal for the exchange of life and aerial braiding.
Looking at the translation of Poincaré's "Scientists and Poets," "Scholars usually conquer the truth only gradually .... In fact, the home does not know until it takes so long. Truths are of little concern, because such truths are only known after the opportunity for execution has passed and is not in time. (Omitted). "
Indeed, the work of a scholar is usually too quarreling to be a stick. The reason why it generates electricity after the dynamo is created is proved, and the necessity of flying the dynamo after it flies is clarified. It is true that it is argued that the earthquake should have come after a large earthquake struck and tens of thousands of spirits were dissipated.
However, it seems that this is not always the case. It usually takes a long time for scholars to "finish" the work, but it seems that lightning-fast aerobatic techniques are often required to catch and "finish" the work. For example, when an experimental science researcher is faced with the object of his research, he must be alert, just as if he were struggling with an enemy. Not only do we not know when and when an unexpected phenomenon will pop out, but it also requires a great deal of intelligence to extract and kill one "fact" from the phenomenon that is happening in front of us. ..
It is the most so-called routine work, and it is a scheduled method, mechanically reading the reading indicated by the scheduled machine and sometimes writing it in a notebook, and blocking the eyes of any other phenomenon. There is no need to do anything in the study of the style that I will not see in, but this can be done by using a robot or a self-writing device even if you are not a human being. But with this, you will never realize that you will find something new than you expected. It will still take a breath to "kill the enemy before the water reaches" to catch the phenomenon that seems to pass by in the moment. Moreover, it is still one of the early moves to extract one statement from the complicated and intricate phenomenon even if it is a continuous phenomenon rather than such a momentary phenomenon. Unless the observer's head goes into the phenomenon and runs around with the swastika "Manji Tomoe" while keeping pace with the phenomenon, the moving object cannot be caught.
Even in pure theoretical considerations rather than experiments or observations, one leading idea sometimes comes to mind momentarily, and thus barely appears above the horizon of consciousness. It may or may not appear. If you carelessly miss it, you may miss it and it may not come back again. Immediately catching and killing this is still a kind of early move. The way the human head works often takes a non-recurring tranche process that resembles a natural phenomenon. Even when pursuing a logical chain such as mathematics, in order to extract the correct truth from the vague mist of conjecture, it is still necessary to aim at the anatomical sword. Will. If you walked while taking a nap, you wouldn't be able to go to your destination without falling into the rice fields on the national highway.
In experimental science, the same experiment can be repeated, so even if it is still good, in science that targets natural phenomena, there are many cases where you may not know when you will encounter a phenomenon that you missed once. In such a case, the scholar needs to use a lightning-fast sword to stab the key points of the phenomenon with a sharp observing sword while the phenomenon is occurring. Then, after the battle, you can cook all your enemies and eat them if you want to eat meat or gall bladder.
The same is true in experimental science. It is often the case that B finds that the same thing is overlooked without being noticed even if the instep repeats the same thing ten times.
In order to accomplish such an early move, there may be natural performance as well, but it is mainly necessary to practice normally, and it seems that this is the same for both water training and swordsmanship.
I did astronomical observation training when I was a student. The light image of a star traveling across the threads of five spiders stretched parallel to the focal plane of the telescope is tracked with the eyes, and at the same time, the chronometer's engraving sounds are counted with the ears. Then, the moment when the star just passes through the thread is pinched to the tape at the time in my head, but before I get used to it, the star will pass through the field of view while I think about it. I have no time to do anything. However, as I get used to it, the stars gradually appear to be slower, and I feel that the time of one second is gradually longer. Then I was able to quietly kill the star.
It seems that even if you dive in swimming, the time to reach the water will gradually increase as you practice, and you will be able to pull out your loose sword and calmly aim to stab your enemies.
[# Raise 3 characters from the ground] (Remodeled in March 1945)



Bottom book: "Torahiko Terada Collection Vol. 4" edited by Toyotaka Komiya, Iwanami Bunko, Iwanami Shoten
Issued the first print on May 15, 1948 (Showa 23)
Issued the 20th edition on May 16, 1963 (Showa 38)
Issued the 65th edition on June 13, 1997 (Heisei 9)
First appearance: "Modification"
March 1933 (Showa 8)
Input: Momo Co., Ltd.
Calibration: Kaori Kato
Created May 29, 2003
Revised September 15, 2009
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
