嬌 娜
Kotaro Tanaka

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Kong Xueer

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Kimono Ichi | Attack << Kasane >>

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Numbers are JIS X 0213 area area number, or original page and number of lines)
(Example) Go * [# "丞 / self", 4th level 2-3-54] << Gokin >>
-------------------------------------------------- -----

Kong Xueer was a descendant of Confucius. The poetry was good because of the style of people. I had a friend who was learning about the same teacher, and it was an order of Tiantai County, but he sent me a letter and told me to come, so I went all the way, and I was there. My friend's prefectural decree has passed away. Confucius couldn't go home because he didn't have any travel expenses, so he went to a temple called Bodaji and wrote a book in the wake of a monk there.
There was a mansion of a person named Mr. Tan, about 400 steps to the west of the temple. Mr. Mono was originally a child of a person with a status, but he filed a large proceeding, his house was deserted, and his family moved from a lonely place to his hometown, so the mansion became empty. Was there.
One day, when it was snowing heavily and the traffic was cut off, when Confucius was passing in front of the house, a boy came out, but the appearance was irresistible. When the boy saw Confucius, he bowed to him. Confucius also bowed,
"It's going to rain badly, isn't it?"
Speaking of which, the boy
"Please come in a little"
I said. Confucius liked the boy's attitude, so he was willing to follow him.
The house was not so large, but each room called "Heya" had a brocade curtain hanging on it, and many old people's paintings were hung on the wall. There was a book on the plan "Tsukue", and the title was "Rokansaki". When I opened it and read it, it was something I had never seen before. At that time, Confucius thought about the boy's status and thought that he would be his master because he was in a single [# "single" is "simply" in the original] mansion, but that was the person who had the history. I didn't know. And then the boy
"What are you doing?"
I asked him about the history of Kosei. When Confucius talked about the situation, the boy felt sorry for him.
"Then, why don't you open a cram school and teach your students?"
I said. Confucius sighed and said.
"Because it's a traveling crow, no one can help, just as Sokyu helped Ji Bu."
Then the boy said.
"Even if you're a fool like me, if you don't get rid of it, let's be your disciple."
Confucius was terribly pleased
"No, I'm not enough to be a human teacher, let's be friends."
Then I asked again.
"Your house seems to have closed the gate for a long time, but what's the matter?"
Then the boy replied.
"This is the house of a single prince, but since he moved to his hometown, it was a vacant house for a long time. I was in Shaanxi from my ancestors, but this time my house was burned by wildfire, so I rented it here for a while. "
For the first time, Kosei learned that the boy was not a single family member.
Even when the sun went down, we couldn't talk about them. So Kosei decided to stay and went to bed with the boy, but in the morning, while it was still dark, Kozo came and set a charcoal fire in the room. So the boy got up earlier and went to sleep, but Kosei was still sleeping in his nightwear. Eiko came in and said.
"You can see my husband."
Confucius woke up surprised. An old man came in there. It was a man with pure white hair. The old man heads for Confucius
"Thank you, teacher, for making me troubled, that child is not good at writing and knows nothing, please do not think of it as a friend's child, but like a relative's child. Please do it rigorously. "
After terribly thanking him, he gave me a beautiful kimono, Kasane, a hat and footwear, and Kosei washed his limbs and combed his hair to change his clothes. I waited for him to do it, then served sake and recommended a meal. I don't know what the names of the floors and floors there are, but they seemed to shine beautifully.
After several drinks, the old man greeted him and went out with a cane. After breakfast, Kosei taught the boy Huangfu | Koshi a book, but most of the textbooks were old poetry, which was used as a reference for the civilian examination. There was nothing. Confucius thought mysteriously and asked.
"There is nothing that can be used as a reference for the exam."
Kimiko laughed and said.
"I have no idea of going out into the world."
After dark, it became sake again. Kimiko said while she was in love with Kosei.
"Let's do our best tonight, because tomorrow may not happen again."
There, I called a child and said.
"Look at whether your dad is sleeping or not, and if you are sleeping, gently summon the incense guy."
Pipa went out, but soon he brought the biwa in a sac with a sewn stitch. After a while, a maid came in, but she was a beautiful woman with red makeup. Kimiko tells the woman
"Play Shohi"
I told him. The woman put an ivory plectrum on the thread. When the repulsion was intense and the tone went up, a tragic beauty was felt. The knotting was something that Kosei had never heard of. Kimiko also told the woman to drink sake on a big sake cup.
It wasn't until the night was late that I stopped. Then, the next day, I got up early and read a book together, but Kimiko was very clear and could memorize at a glance. When I made a sentence after a few months, there was something that the concept was strange and could not be imitated by others. The two promised to drink on the fifth and fifth days, but at that time they always invited Kaoru.
One night when the sake boiled and ripe, Kosei put his eyes on the incense guy. Kimiko has already said the meaning.
"This woman is the one my dad cares for, you're on a journey and you don't have a wife, so I'm thinking of it for you. I'm sure I'll take care of your good wife."
Kosei said there.
"If you really want to take care of me, I'll ask for a woman like Kaoru."
Then Kimiko laughed and said.
"You're a proverb, who has a lot of suspicious things to look at, and if you're a good woman, your wishes are easy."
It's been half a year before I knew it. One day, Kosei wanted to go for a walk in the suburbs with Kimiko, and when he went to the gate, the door of the gate was closed. Confucius was suspicious
"Why do you do this?"
When asked, Kimiko replied.
"My dad doesn't let my heart down when my friends come, so I'm doing this to keep people away."
The suspiciousness of Kosei was that. At that time, I had a hard time in the summer. Confucius moved to Azumaya, the pavilion of Saien. At that time, a peach-like tumor was formed on the chest of the pit, which became like a tray overnight, and the pain was so great that I groaned. Kimiko came to take care of her in the morning and evening. Confucius was unable to sleep or eat because of his pain.
A few days later, the pain of the swelling tumor became even more dramatic. Therefore, food became more and more inedible. Kimiko's father came there, but he couldn't help it, so he just looked at him and sighed. At that time Kimiko said.
"I thought that my teacher's illness would be fixed by Kyoda, so I sent him to my grandmother to call her, but it's too late."
Eiko came in and said.
"You can see the young lady."
Kimiko's younger sister, 嬌娜, and her aunt, Shoko, came with her. Parents and children quickly went to sleep. After a while, Kimiko came with a sword and showed her a hole. The year of 嬌娜 was thirteen, and she was a slender and beautiful girl with a sly face and a clever face. Confucius saw the woman's face and forgot about her suffering, and she felt refreshed because of it. At that time Kimiko said.
"This person is my dear one, not just a friend, please fix it well."
The woman stopped smirking, rolled up her long sleeves, and went to see Kosei's 榻. And when the woman's hand touched the hand of Confucius, it smelled a little nice, but it seemed to be better than the smell of orchids. The woman laughed and said.
"Good, my heart is moving, it's dangerous, but I'm sick, but I have to cut the skin and shave the meat because the tumor is full."
Therefore, when the gold bracelet that had been attached to the arm was removed and placed on the tumor and rubbed so that it was about to be pressed, the tumor was high and rose into the gold bracelet. And even the place where it became a root was exhausted, and it did not seem to be a tumor that was as wide as the previous tray. So I pulled out the sword from the small band of Luo. The sword was thinner than paper. Then he held a gold sword in one hand, grabbed a sword with one hand, and cut it from the root. Purple blood spilled out and the floor and the floor were messed up. Confucius is happy that the beautiful figure of the woman seems to fit herself perfectly, and not only does she not remember the pain of the treatment, but the treatment is completed quickly and the girl disappears. I was afraid of. Soon the woman cut off the rotten flesh, which was round and resembled a hump. He also brought water to wash the wound, spit out a red circle-sized object from his mouth, placed it on it, and patted it. Then, with a slight stroke, the burning of the wound, which had been burning like fire, disappeared as the steam rose. When I stroked it again, I felt like itching. When I stroked it three times, my whole body became refreshed, and the comfort seemed to be felt in my bone marrow, and the woman took the whole ball and put it in her throat.
"I was healed by this."
And the woman went out to run. Confucius jumps up and runs, from behind the woman,
"Thank you very much"
Thank you. And, although the illness that I thought would not heal anymore was healed, I was dying because my thoughts were on the woman. Confucius then stopped reading and sat down like an idiot, as if he had nothing to live on.
Kimiko already knew this. And said.
"I searched for you and found a good wife."
Then Kosei asked.
"How many people are there?"
Kimiko said.
"My relatives"
Kosei was thinking about it, but soon
"I want you to keep it."
After saying like a single person, I turned to the wall and examined the poem.
"It's hard to get water through the sea, so I'm going to get rid of Mt.
Kimiko understood that Kosei had a heart and said.
"My father worships your great talent and always tries to be a son-in-law, but my sister's son-in-law has too young teeth. Osomatsu is seventeen years old and is not such a bad woman. If you can't make it true, Amatsu will come to Azumaya every day. Wait before that and see. How about when
Kosei was waiting in front of the garden pavilion as taught by Kimiko. As expected, he was accompanied by a beautiful man. It was beautiful with long, slender eyebrows painted with Mayuzumi, and had phoenix-headed shoes on its small legs, but its beauty was not inferior to that of 嬌. Confucius was very pleased and asked Kimiko to act as a mediator.
The next day, Kimiko came out of her sleep and became a gangster.
"Congratulations!"
I said. So I cleaned the annex and gave a wedding ceremony for Kosei. That night, he beat the drum and blew the whistle to play the music, but the sound of the music dropped the dust of the beam "Utsubari" and struck on all four sides. It just seemed to want where the hermit was. There, the couple decided to do the same thing, but there was something that didn't always seem to be the case when the world of the moon was in the sky. And then * [# "丞 / self", 4th level 2-3-54] After "Gokin", I was terribly satisfied with my heart.
It was one night. Kimiko talks to Kosei and
"I will never forget the gratitude that I have been studying so far, but recently, the proceedings have settled down and I am terribly urging you to return home, so I will leave this place already. I'm going to pull it up and go west, so I don't think I can be with you like I am now. "
I said. The sadness of divorce clung to their hearts, and I couldn't do anything about it. Confucius
"Then let's go west with me."
I said. Kimiko
"Why don't you go back to your country?"
I said. It took a lot of travel expenses to go back to my hometown, so I couldn't reach the power of Kosei. Confucius was in trouble. Then Kimiko said.
"Don't worry, I'll send you right away."
Soon after, his father accompanied Matsumusume "Shojo" and gave it to Kosei with a hundred golden cars. So Kimiko tried to hold the Confucius couple with her left and right hands.
"Please close your eyes for a moment and I'll send you."
I said. When they closed their eyes, their bodies rose to the sky, and I could only remember the sound of the wind near my ears, but after a while, Kimiko's,
"I'm already here."
I was surprised to hear the voice. It was the home village of Kosei. For the first time, Kosei learned that Kimiko was not a human being. Confucius gladly hit the gate of his house. My mother came out with terrible joy. My mother was also pleased and comforted to see the beautiful woman with a crush. Confucius turned around with the intention of putting Kimiko inside, but Kimiko was no longer there.
Matsumusume was filial to her mother-in-law. Moreover, it was told in the distance that it was beautiful and smart. After that, Confucius was listed as a Jinshi and became a chief officer in charge of the prison in Yan'an, so he decided to go to his post with the whole family, but his mother didn't go because it was too far away. ..
Matsumusume gave birth to a boy at his place of employment, so he named him Komiya. Confucius was sent by the imperial court and was forced to swear by a direct finger who patrols the region, but he was hindered by various things. I couldn't change it. One day, when I went out to the suburbs and hunted, I met a beautiful boy on a black horse, but the boy frequently turned around. If you look carefully, it was Huangfu Huangfu. There, he took a sword and parked his horse, and he was sad and happy.
Kimiko eventually went to a village after meeting Kosei. It was a place where trees grew straight and the sunlight did not shine. When I entered the house, it was an old house where I hit a floating stud in the shape of a golden seagull.
"What happened to my sister?"
Kosei asked.
"That went to the bride, but they don't have a mother anymore."
Kimiko replied. Confucius mourned the death of his mother-in-law and the marriage of his mother-in-law.
Kosei stayed overnight and went home again with his wife and children. There came again, but he took the child from Matsumusume's hand and said, swearing.
"My sister found our seeds."
Kosei thanked him for healing the tumor there. Then he laughed and said.
"My brother is a great man, and even though the wound has healed, I still can't forget the pain."
Goro, the husband of the 嬌 娜, came and greeted him. Goro went home after staying for two nights.
One day, Kimiko looked worried, but told Kosei.
"Heaven is about to give us a tribute, can you save us?"
Kosei didn't understand the meaning,
"I don't know what it is, but I'll do whatever I can."
I'm sure I said that. Kimiko went out in a hurry, but soon called in the family and everyone worshiped Kosei. Confucius was very surprised and asked his mouth.
"What's wrong, what's wrong?"
Then Kimiko said,
"I'm not a human, I'm a fox, now I have a thunder sword, you should be prepared to die, and if you do, you'll be able to escape its praise. You can, if you can't do that, take your child with you, don't be a fox. "
Kosei was a man who brave in righteousness. Confucius
"If you die, let's all die together."
I said that I was alive and dead with Kimiko. So Kimiko asked Kosei to take her sword and stand at the gate, and still be careful.
"No matter how hard the lightning is, never move."
I said. As Kimiko said, Confucius pulled out his sword and went to the gate to stand. As a result, black clouds covered the sky and became dark. Looking back at the house, there was no gate there, just a high mound and a large hole with a mysterious bottom. Confucius was surprised. There was a terrifying thunder sound that rocked the mountains. Then a rough wind blew and rain fell sideways. Because of that, the old tree fell down. Confucius thought that Mesaki was dazzling in front of him and his ears were crushed, but he suddenly stood up and did not move a little. When I looked at it, there was a monster in the smoke like a black cotton, which showed a sharp fang-like beak and long claws, and a hole. He kidnapped one of them and tried to climb into the sky on the smoke. When I paid attention to the kimono and footwear, it looked like a 嬌 娜, so Kosei jumped up and slashed. Those who were holding the monster fell down. At the same time, there was a thunderous sound like a mountain collapsing, and Kosei finally died.
Soon the sky was hazy. He revived, but cried loudly when he saw Kosei dead beside him.
"My brother died for me, I can't live"
Matsumusume came out there, and the two of them returned with a corpse of Confucius. Then, 嬌 娜 lifted Kosei's neck to Matsumusume, opened a gap between his teeth with a hairpin for Kimiko, took a picture of his chin, and picked it up with his tongue. He moved the circle and put his mouth in his mouth and blew on it. Because of that, the red circle shook his throat and made a screaming sound. After a while, Confucius revived, but when he saw the clan gathering in front of him, he felt like he was dreaming.
There, the gates gathered in one room and were delighted. Confucius thought that everyone shouldn't be in Tsukaana for a long time, so they all told him to go to his hometown. Everyone agreed, but only the 嬌 娜 was sunk. Confucius understood the meaning, so he asked me to go with Wurou. Others said that they might not know that the old man and the old lady would let go of the little child, and the consultation was not finalized all day.
When I saw it, a small guy from Kure's house, Genan, sweated and ran out of breath. Everyone was surprised to hear the reason. It was the news that Wurou's house was also treated on the same day, and a member of the family was killed by the club.嬌娜 shed tears without also endlessly sad to foot shear. Everyone sympathized with him and comforted him. At the same time, the total of the same return was decided. Confucius went to the castle for a few days, and after that, he hurriedly adjusted his travel clothes and set off.
And when he got home, Kosei always visited with Kimiko brothers and sisters in a quiet garden. Kimiko opened the door for the first time when Kosei and Matsumusume went. Confucius enjoyed drinking with Kimiko brothers and sisters and fighting against Ki, like a family member.
When the small 宦 grew up, the appearance was elegant and beautiful. The little boy, with a fox-like heart, went far away and played in the city. Everyone knew that it was a fox cub.



Bottom book: "Chinese ghost story (2)" Kawade Bunko, Kawade Shobo Shinsha
First edition issued on August 4, 1987 (Showa 62)
Parent of the bottom book: "Complete Works of Chinese Kaidan" Togensha
Published in 1970 (Showa 45)
Input: Hiroshi_O
Calibration: noriko saito
Created November 3, 2004
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
