Takizawa Bakin
Kanji Kunieda

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Mannen Ao << Original >>

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Nanakusa | Porridge << Gayu >>

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) Biidoro [# Emphasis mark on "Viidoro"]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

One

The heavy snowfall, which was rare in recent years and drowned out all the noise in Edo yesterday, stopped at the nine bells of Mt. Habiidoro [# Aside from "Biidoro"] The warmth that was clear like a mirror and did not seem to be the New Year was sucked into the soil of the pot of Mannen Ao.
The gesaku author Santō Kyoden has a draft of the yellow cover "Shingaku Hayasenso", which he started dyeing from "Uchi" in the old "Kure". Because I couldn't write half of them, my new wife, Kiku, who had taken root from Ogiya, and I was very hungry to go around the hot springs in Hakone, but the two days were extended to three days and the three days to five days. So, today I still can't reach that goal. Besides, when it comes to New Year's holidays, Kyoden, who is supposed to have a Toguro [# "Toguro" as an emphasis mark], is coming home after a few years. If he continued to be troubled by entertainment, he would have run out of patience to write a brush by changing the night to the day. There was no way to do anything other than including the cause and effect in Ogiku, saying, "I don't have the specifications for Matsunouchi."
However, when Matsu was taken today, my friends who were about to come had run out of shoulders, and before long, without being urged by the publisher, I made a quick draft. When I was celebrating Nanakusa-gayu, I was in a four-and-a-half-mat study room with the forehead of "Kikuken" hanging on the wall, and I was just transferring water to the inkstone.
"Nushi-san"
From outside the shoji, I could still hear the voice of the chrysanthemum, with the words of the 廓 《Sato》.
"Hoi"
The voice of the chrysanthemum, which only appeared from the gap between the shoji screens opened in detail, was very low.
"People have come"
"e"
Kyoden put ink on the side of the inkstone as if he was tired of it.
"Who is it? Thank you for your hard work on this snowy road."
"I said it was my first time to visit, but I'm a shabby person of 245."
"Where did you come from?"
"What did you like about Fukagawa?"
"What, Fukagawa. That guy was stunned.-I can't help it. If you come from such a distant place, you can't meet me. I'll go to the translation soon. It's time to go to the guest room."
"What are you meeting?"
"I don't like the troublesome smell."
Even so, Kyoden felt that he was glad that he hadn't even started writing a single line, but soon after Ogiku left, he changed his hanten to a haori coat and appeared in the living room, which was also used as a living room. ..
At the threshold of the guest room, as Ogiku said, a stubborn man who stretched out his stubbornness and had no appearance at all, put on a hakama with broken folds. I wore it at my chest high and kept it humbly.
"You guys. I hope I have something to do."
Kyoden's words were just sticks.
"Yes, Mr. Left. I am a young man named Bakin, who lives in the back of Fukagawa Nakamachi, but I have a few lines of request from the teacher, and I am disciplined. 》 While, I visited such a 《Kayo》 from early morning. ”
"I don't know what the story is, but you can't go far there. Don't hesitate, so you should crawl in here more."
When I saw that the other party was innocent and intimidating, it seems that Kyoden was also favored. He pushed the brazier toward the other party and advised him to come closer.
"Then, I'm sorry to say that I'll put it in the tatami room."
A young man named Makoto crawls into the one-knee threshold here and bows again.
"What the heck is that source of reliance?"
"I'm not outside, but can I add this bakin to my teacher?"
"Is that the case?"
Kyoden, who was expecting something, heard this and was disappointed to spit it out.
"Okay"
"Yes, hey. I hope there is a line of wishes again, so if I think that I should give a rare consultation that can be used as a seed for the reader" Yomihon ", what is it? Hey, I'm completely out of luck-that's right, if you ask me to be a disciple, I'm not sure, but Mr. Daiichi, you've been dressed like that, and so far, Huang Do you read the cover page or even one of the fashionable books? "
"Yes"
Bakin was as serious as a stone until he got tired of it.
"What kind of thing did you read?"
"First of all, if it's a teacher's work, I started with the yellow cover flower half-seven of the book wholesale in Yasunaga 7th year, the next year's Ohiraki board player Sanbaku pair, the summer festival the following year, Ono no Takamura, and Tenmei. Noborisato "Kuchimame are in", seven smile nowadays appearance, your presence business products, guests prostitute not plan distribution instant cooking, evil seven strange eyes Kagekiyo, Edo spring overnight Senryo, Yoshihara toothpick, control of midnight of rice with tea. It should be noted also in the last year I have read the publication from the one hundred and three squares of Imo Hell to the popular Daishoden of the reader, to the point where nothing has been lost. "
"Um, that's right"
While listening, one day Kyoden's knees pushed the brazier aside and slipped off the cushion.
"I read it well"
"Yes, thanks ...."
"But what are you doing now?"
"Now, I can't say this, but I've been devoted to the Hatamoto mansion, and I learned medical techniques because of the trouble of Dr. Munehide Yamamoto. Sometimes "
"Is it the doctor's collapse? Then, on that road, you can eat buns."
"Well, if that's the case, there is no shortage, but I got the name Sosen, but it's scary to see a living human being, so it's easy to get started. I can't do it "
"Ahhhhhhh," Kyoden laughed unabashedly for the first time. "This guy is good. It's a strange person who can't see a living human while getting the doctor's name.-But what? If you can't see a living human, it's impossible. The brush of the drama can't be grasped. "
"Why is that again?"
"It's worth seeing even if you pile it up. The idea is to use a single brush to freely save or kill the human beings who were born with the happiness and unhappiness of the world on their backs. Isn't it the job of a gesaku artist? And yet, you said that living humans are scary, and that you're saying a little bit of a daring ball, this isn't going to come out. "
"Welcome," Bakin hurriedly interrupted. "That's not the case. Even if I say a living person, I said that I don't want to see a patient, that is, a sick person. I don't think it will be painful even if I pass it without it. Please, on top of that, I would like to ask you to add it to the teacher's servant, thinking that it will help one person. "
"Foo" Kyoden randomly grabbed the orchid-carved smoke tube "Kiseru" of Yasuchika and struck the frame of the brazier. "It's nice to be a human being, but since it's a reading book, nothing can be saved. That's not the case. I'm looking forward to gesaku and other people who have a way to make a living. Don't do it in half, but if you try to make a living with this guy, you can't wholesale it at a wholesaler. "
"It's a word, but this bakin doesn't mean that it's just fun, but I want to do it with the backwaters."
"It's a good idea, but it's no good."
"You say it's no good"
"Human, I have to eat"
"But teacher, I can't eat."
"What?"
"Of course, I can't help but not eat the whole body, but if you have a bowl of rice with all the radishes in a day, you can just use water. No matter what kind of poor author you become, you may not be able to earn a bowl of rice at a time. "
Kyoden, who was staring at Makoto's shining eyes, could not help feeling the color of his determination carved on the wooden statue-like surface.
"Are you really motivated?"
"Three days and three nights, I thought about it without sleeping, and I will not tell a lie to the guy who came to the request."
"Okay. If you're prepared to that extent, you should consider it. But I'll say no, I've never taken a single disciple. So, I can't go to make you a new disciple. "
"Then, after all, you can't add it to your subordinates ...."
"Unlike the original painter, the author doesn't have a master and a disciple. As I struggle with my head and write with my arms, I naturally invent the text. So, if you want to be the author of a person, you have to work hard with your own strength, because you can't rely on anyone. If that's the case, it means that you have an arm, and if you can make a bad reputation that you can't read this kind of thing, it's a proof that you're not good at it. 》 Or, if you think about selling it by imitating your master, it's a mistake in wearing it.-I don't know if it's a world with some acquaintances, but there is no coffin to move dead. In other words, this is the position of the playmaker. Did you understand? "
"Okay"
Bakin nodded powerfully and looked up at Kyoden's face happily.
"Instead of that, I can't be a disciple. Instead, if you write something, if you ask me to see it, I'll definitely see it, and I'll give you an unreserved foolishness. , This is not from the standpoint of a teacher or a disciple, but as a friend. If you like it, you should come and visit me whenever you feel like it. "
"I'm very sorry. Then, in the future, even if it's a nuisance, I'm sure that it will often be troublesome.-The words made me feel like Bakin, the world suddenly became brighter. Masu "
"Since ancient times, there has been a story of a blind cricket. Be careful not to fall into a water bottle with a lot of tone."
"Ufufu.-I will never forget that lesson."
Bakin nevertheless showed a smile on his hard face for the first time.
The wind was finally coming out. High in the sky of the red plums that were in the eaves, the octopus's snarl was heard by Yutaka like a Xiao.

Two

"Brother"
It was his younger brother Kyoyama who crawls into the bakin before he returned.
"Oh, where were you?"
Kyoden looked up at Kyoyama, seven below him, twisted like an old woman with warm eyes.
"I healed on the porch."
"Then you saw a man named Bakin now."
"I'm sorry to see it. Everyone actually listened to his lines [#" Serifu "as an emphasis mark]."
"Well, that's right. But I've met a man who asked me to be a disciple so much that I couldn't make a bill, but I haven't met a man like Makoto now. I didn't see what I wrote, so I can't say for sure, but hey, if I get into the jar well, I'll be the author. "
"Hmm, stupid"
Kyoyama was erased from the tip of the nose with the tip of the nose.
"What's stupid?"
"Because that's not the case. There's no way I can write a sardine-like dried sardine, let alone a fashionable book, at the beginning of the day. Ah, I couldn't understand how much I thought about my brother's spirit, who was delighted to hear such a man's boring affection, so I asked him to let me know. "
"Keizaburo"
Kyoden watched over his younger brother as if to lick it.
"Hmm"
Kyoyama in Uedo probably had a few vacant rests on the porch. He licked his upper lip, which he always has a habit of getting drunk, and squeezed his chin toward Kyoden.
"You again, the usual habit started early in the new year."
"I'm sorry for the habit. It's a boring fee to look at such a draft of dried fish, but I'm just asking him where he should press to get out of his brother's Hara."
"I want to make people feel like an arrow, and I can't stop writing that habit, no matter what, you can't write a good thing.-I see, that man named Makoto. It's not like a dried fish. When I first saw it, I was angry that a boring guy came in, but I heard him say a word. From then on, the fact that it was quite a great thing came to my heart immediately. I'm sorry to say that, but I'm sorry, I'm not a partner who can stick to my feet. If you take care of it, you must start writing a surprisingly big game. No matter how much you regret that you didn't have a good eye at that time, you can't make it anymore. "
"Just, I'm not kidding. If you can write even one yellow cover on such a Karahenki, it's easy to do two necks. What a nice thing. It's still good, but when my brother asked me if I had read something, when I got that prideful reply, I asked him over there, and he said [# "Hedo" Emphasis mark] is about to come out. First of all, if it is a teacher's work, then the yellow cover of the book wholesale of Anei 7 years, Hanshichi Hana, and the next year's publication
"Don't stop"
"Because this street isn't right. There aren't any scholars in the world like this, but when the hateful small face doesn't touch the bugs on his brother's stomach, he's Hiraga Gennai. Elekiter [# Aside from "Erekiteru"] Hey, but it's not a strange wonder, no matter how you think about it, it's a substitute. "
"I can't go over there anymore."
Kyoden stared at Kyoyama as if he was glaring at him, holding the smoke tube that he was about to swing up.
"I can't hear you, I rarely move.-If you were told that such a dried fish was the author who was much higher than me, there would be no grace." Hey, I'm sorry to have used it, but I couldn't listen to it with my portable shrine.
"Kei-san, what are you doing?"
While sending the bakin to the doorway, Ogiku, who had been intentionally avoiding it until now, was called by Kyoyama and looked at the face of Marumage.
"Thank you for your cooperation"
"Oh, liquor and rinsuka"
"Correct"
"If it's sake, I'm afraid. I'll drink it in the tatami room over there."
"That's right," Kyoden immediately gave up. "After sitting on the horse harp, drinking alcohol wouldn't work. And while Tsutaya didn't come to the reminder, I couldn't write the continuation of Shingaku Hayazome. , I hope you give Okiku a drink and drink it forever. "
Kyoyama firmly grasped the 袂 of Kyoden who tried to stand up.
"Brother. Wait a minute. Don't worry. There's only one thing I want you to ask."
"I'll tell you when your drunkenness awakens."
"It's not a joke. I'm not drunk. I'm sure the author is lower than that man named Bakin. Please ask him clearly here. .... "
"I have one belly, but you're the brother-in-law of this Kyoden, and if you can, you can't lie. If there is a big difference in the first attitude with the bakin, it would be quicker to understand if you ask your brother rather than I say. "
In the irritated words of Kyoden, the feeling of mercy on the ironically born younger brother was clearly expressed.
However, as soon as I heard this, Kyoyama's face became darker and more unpleasant to see.
"I understand it well. Ah, I can't stand this house where dried fish come and go, so I won't be able to straddle the threshold here while he comes."
"Hello, Kei-san.-"
Without even hearing that the chrysanthemum stopped, Kyoyama suddenly took it back to his living room and rolled the inkstone and brush into the furoshiki. I rushed to the front.
"Nushi-san.-"
However, in Kyoden, the voice of the chrysanthemum was hard to hear, and he was staring at the top of his knees with his arms folded.
"Nushi-san.-"
"Umu"
"Where is Kei going?"
"Go anywhere"
"But since I went out, I rarely come back. It doesn't matter what the rough phase I flew while I was by my side."
"I'm sorry if you're just coming, but I'm worried. Even though I hate losing, I don't think about catching books, I just drink alcohol and send the days later. Even if you look good, it's a difference from the bakin. It's a pity, but it's probably better to get angry later. Iwana "
Kyoden casually went to the study room of four and a half tatami mats, casually leaving it to Okiku, not to show any particular bearishness.
(Ritaro is a terrible mess, comes to Yoshihara, and thinks that he is a teahouse, but after seeing the evening in the town of Naka, it's better / \ Being distracted, he opened a teahouse and played with Ayashino and Ifujoro of Miuraya, but he immediately forgot to go to the teahouse, and he was even more sane. Nakarikeri)
The draft stopped here.
Kyoden, who sat in front of the desk, suddenly grabbed the brush and tried to spell out the words immediately ahead, but as he read back the previous few lines, he headed afterwards like a rain cloud. It wasn't the complaint on the yellow cover that came to me, but the body of my younger brother, Kyoyama, who had gone out angry.
When I think of Kyoyama, who has grown up with a winding gut, the thing that always comes to mind in Kyoden is the event of the New Year of the following year when I moved to Ginza 2-chome with my parents for the first time. It was.
There were 14 Kyoden and 7 Kyoyama. My father, Denzaemon, had to repatriate the town for the first New Year when he became a landlord, but he had no money to hire a servant, so Kyoden had a scissors box. He followed his father with his shoulder, and after that, he handed out a white fan to the New Year's gift and walked.
"My brother. I don't like it because my stomach hurts."
When I walked about 10 houses, even tears were floating in the eyes of Kyoyama who looked back on Kyoden.
"Don't be patient. It's half more. When I get home, I'll buy a kite and fry it."
"I didn't see a kite, so go home early."
"If you quit now, your dad will be in trouble. I'm a good boy, so give him a little more."
Even so, Kyoyama said that he had a stomachache, and he didn't seem to know how to calm him down. I was crouching under the rainwater tank.
The religion was stopped halfway, and Kyoyama was taken home as it was.
When the black "bear's stomach" was taken out by my mother's hand from the bamboo skin of the brazier drawer "Hikidashi", it was thrown into the mouth of Kyoyama, who was disgusted earlier than the ear scratch. Kyoyama made his face look like scraps of paper and swallowed it with water into the back of his throat.
"Nigai .--"
"Be patient. It's bad that you had a stomachache."
The stubborn father probably helped with the annoyance that stopped New Year's greetings halfway. Without showing a smile, I put a figure eight on my forehead.
Even so, Kyoyama's abdominal pain gradually subsided at 2 o'clock, and after a little after noon, he was back to normal. However, my father said that it was because of his essence, and this time he brought the "bear's stomach" that had been solved into a bowl to Kyoyama's pillow.
"Even if it's bitter, be patient and drink again."
Kyoyama looked up at his father with a grudge, but he couldn't refuse because he knew he was being scolded, and he just nodded silently.
"Brother"
When my father left, Kyoyama whispered while comparing Kyoden and the bear's stomach.
"I don't like it because it's bitter."
"Don't. If you don't drink, your dad will scold you later."
"I'm already healed, so I won't drink."
From the next time, I heard my father's coughing. Suddenly, Kyoden's finger grabbed the bowl. And the bitter bear's stomach, without leaving a single drop, passed through Kyoden's own throat and settled in the stomach.
The next moment, my father had opened the shoji. However, when he saw that there was no medicine in the bowl, he went back to the room, silently nodding again.
"Brother"
The younger brother's eyes clasped his hands tightly were filled with hot tears. At the same time, I felt something deeply approaching in Kyoden's chest.
The 17 years had passed as a dream for my younger brother who had just jumped out of the brush, but wasn't it a dream that was too urgent?
"I wish his heart was revived, even if it was half of me ..."
Kyoden secretly muttered, biting the tip of a hard brush that he hadn't picked up for nearly ten days.

Three

"Fufu, a man named Kyoden, I thought he was full of discomfort, but it wasn't that much. That apportionment" Anbai "will take care of him a little. , I'm gonna get a row so that I can eat rice in the play-First of all, early in the new year, I got a hit with Ehomaki this year. "
Bakin, who was sitting in front of the Terakoya desk in Fukagawa Nakamachi, washing his feet dirty with snow and sitting in front of the Terakoya desk, was thin while muttering alone. I grinned like a horse.
"But Kyoden didn't like the good things. It's better to be so tuned that you can't fall into the water bottle like a blind crab. I was a little scared when I went out. After a few days, I'll go out again and get one of the well water. Then I'm living alone around Appanage. It's a mess. If you don't hesitate to come home, that's the way it is. After all, I said that you only need one bowl of rice a day, so even if you eat it in January, it's thirty. It's a cup. It's a cup. It's not a loss if my scholar can keep it for a month with a three-and-a-half-day meal, but it won't hurt. A, this is a big help. First of all, the worry that you will not eat ahead of time will disappear, and you will be able to remember the knack of writing on the yellow cover [# "kotsu" is a side point], which is popular in the world. .. Which way do you fall? If you wait, it seems that the weather on the sea route means that even old human beings had a technician. ―― ”
In front of Kyoden, I said that it was plausible that I went out thinking about it without sleeping for three days and three nights. He had just returned from the journey of the seller.
Starting from Shinagawa, Kawasaki, Hodogaya, Oiso, Hakone. After that, I went around Izu and went to Numazu on the third day of December. Because I came to this place anyway, I tried to stretch it to Sunpu while making the bamboo and heavenly glasses awkward, but this did not become a business at all. .. At last, I earned only Hatago and Straw shoes, and sang the hit and the hit and the hit and the hit in my stomach, and when I returned to this Nagaya again, the coin was Only two of them stuck to the bottom of my wallet.
Last night, I stretched my exhausted legs to a rice cracker futon, and maybe because I'm glad that my sleep comfort has increased everywhere, I fell asleep when I got on the pillow, so to tell the truth, this morning ｜ Until I got up to Kawaya, I wasn't thinking about how to live in the future.
I wonder who put it on, and suddenly, a couple of Kyoden's "Edo Mare Uwaki no Kabayaki" was stuck on the wall holder of the Nagaya's yard. From that point, I suddenly came up with the case of becoming a disciple of Kyoden.
It wasn't a disgusting road from the beginning. However, I hadn't thought about getting up in gesaku until today.
If I go, I'm sure I'll see this style and think that this man can grasp and squeeze the brush of the drama, and Kyoden must have read one of the yellow covers before. Before dawn, Makoto rushed out of the Nagaya and flew in the snow to Barefoot, Koshodo and Tsurusendo in Tsuyucho. I went there. The devotion of his master, Aruji, Shigezaburo, and Kiemon, was because he always thought that he had a list of Kaihan.
I wonder if it can be done, both houses were waiting for souvenir customers to the countryside with their own catalog of opening boards.
Bakin kept his eyes on the way to get home. Thanks to that, I avoided avoiding hitting the load of Musashiya on the way back from Uogashi, but Ichihara's kimono was covered with mud around his waist. ――When I visited Kyoden, I wore a fold-cut hakama for that very reason.
It's probably because I read it so enthusiastically. When he straddled the threshold of Nagaya, Bakin had memorized Kyoden's works in both catalogs in chronological order.
Therefore, Kyoden asked, "Did you read one of the fashionable books?", And Bakin at that time must have been secretly clapping his hands in his stomach, saying that he was inward.
"I won't be able to meet the people in this Nagaya for the time being, but there will be one less troublesome person. Maybe they will be happy."
Sometimes I think he's a legitimate person who can take the place of a doctor, but if I think I'll be away from home for half a month or a month, I'm a weirdo bakin who reads books or writes letters even at night. There was no one in the house who was willing to take care of his wife alone. However, they must have sympathized with the inconvenience of the male household. Sometimes the potatoes were boiled, the eyebrows were burnt, and even a little bit of my mind, there weren't two or three people who took care of me.
Bakin, who was sitting in front of the Terakoya desk without taking a hakama, suddenly lay down on the spot and yawned, which seemed to be unyielding.
"You can't eat something good. If you're living in Kyoden's house in a few days, you can't eat it unless you steal it." There is no money. There is rice, but it's wormy, and at least it's been a while since I've seen a kind person who shows me the face of a sardine.
"Hello, Mr. Takizawa. You can see the customer."
"Eh"
When Bakin heard this voice, he got up and got up again on the old tatami mat like a small lawyer.
"Thank you very much, my boss, thank you for your help."
Bakin was not familiar with such a voice. However, it seemed that he couldn't stay that way, so he stretched his neck out of the oil shoji from the dirt floor.
"Come on"
The man standing at the entrance scooped his chin with the tip of his nose.
"Let's go to Bakin-san, who just came to Shandong-an."
"Yes, I am the bakin you asked."
"Asha Kyoden's younger brother, Kyoyama."
"Ah, was it Mr. Left? I don't know, I'm sorry for this.-As you can see, it's a leaky shop, but please go here. Please
Even from the arrogant attitude, Bakin quickly agreed that he came to Santō Kyoden as a messenger of Kyoden to come to Santō-an from today.
"It's a good idea, but it's not important enough to go up and talk ...."
"What kind of use do you want?"
"I didn't want you to come to Ginza again, so I refused to do so."
"Eh"
"How is it? I'm sure I'm sick of this guy.-Foo. I hate such a proud man like you."
As if to spit it out, Kyoyama was like Nakazo, and he couldn't see the sleeves.
Bakin grinned spooky.
"Thank you very much for your hard work."
"What did you say"
"Thank you for your hard work .... Please don't bother to come to this snowy road, but if you just want to use it, when you visit next time, even say so. Well, that was enough, but I'm sorry to say that I'm sorry. "
"Can you wait for such a long time? First of all, I hate you, I don't want you to be my big brother."
"This is interesting. Then, Kyoden-sensei didn't say anything else ...."
"My big brother said, but if I don't like it, I'm the same."
"Welcome. That's a mistake. I don't remember asking my dream to become your disciple. I'm a disciple of Kyoden-sensei. It has been a long-cherished desire to have you. No matter how much you slaughter, you have pointed a boring misguided arrow. If you want to do that, you can go up. Please do not hesitate to go home. "
"Who can stay in such a dingy house, even if I'm not told to go home? -Don't get a souvenir sign."
Kyoyama said, slamming the horse manure packed in a tangerine box against the knees of the horse manure, he laughed as if he was fluffy and ran to the entrance of the alley at a glance.
Bakin, who was silently staring at the horse manure scattered all over the tatami room, suddenly made a funny voice like never before and laughed.
"He did what Engi did. He sprinkled golden buns early in the new year, he usually just stroked the girl's ass.-Okay, this time. When I visit Kyoden, I'll take this as a souvenir. But he didn't complain about Kyoden, but he wrote one or two bad plays, so now that he's in good shape. I'll jump into the water bottle. "
The young bakin once again remembered the parable of a blind cricket, and while he lay down in a big letter, he burst into a loud laugh on the ceiling.



Bottom book: "Showa Entertainment 50 (1)" Bungei Bunko, Bungei Shunju
June 10, 1989 (Heisei 1) 1st printing
The parent book of the bottom book: "All tribute special issue" Bungei Shunju
July 1988 (Showa 63)
Input: Amisako, Susumu Ohno
Proofreading: Hiroko Yamamoto
Created May 21, 2008
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
