Grandchildren
Masamune Swan

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Dinner "Yufumeshi"

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Take a break |

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) Yakimoki [# Emphasis mark on "Yakimoki"]

/ \: Double dance character (repeated symbol in the shape of a vertically lengthened "ku")
(Example) Hara / \
* Double the dance character with dakuten is "/" \ "
-------------------------------------------------- -----

I have something to talk about urgently, so please come as soon as it's convenient. Looking at the letter from my maternal grandmother, I wondered what kind of big event Ume was, and left the preparation of the dinner "Yufumeshi" to my younger daughter. Then, I hurried to the car and rushed from Ushigome to Nishikubo on the turf. I listened until I entered the sledge door and went to the paving stones, but I was sneaking into the house at any time.
I asked for a voice guide, but no one came out, so I went up without hesitation, and when I entered the living room through the guest room, my grandmother was the only one, holding her hand over the long fire bowl. 》 And vaguely.
My grandmother burst into tears with big eyes, as soon as she said, "Well, you came early."
"What happened to my grandmother?" Ume stared at her grandmother's face. The face, which was dignified, became painful as I thought that it would wither every time.
"I'm having trouble with the snow. As you know, I was careful and made no mistakes, but this time I'm going to do it again. I broke my proud horn. "
"Hey. What happened to Yuki Chiyan?"
"From this January, I'm leaving my house without permission. I don't care what happens to such an indiscriminate woman. The other day, I came to Kona Hida. However, what I grew up with in a hurry is just about to come to an end, and I have no qualms about such an unpleasant thing. "
My grandmother spilled tears, but in calm words, she spoke Ichibushijiyu ... My grandson, Yukiko, was a young man who came out on the way to school. I was tempted by a school employee, and now I'm staying at the house. The other party officially wants to get a bride, and even a man who has no prospect of Manzara will be a man, so it is unavoidable that he came out, and my grandmother is responsible for making it beautiful. I was thinking about getting rid of it, but I was at a loss because Yukiko's grandfather in Fukuoka didn't understand it.
"I can't believe it. I wonder if there is such a thing in Yuki Chiyan."
"It seems that a man will do anything if he tries to cheat, so there is no oil or gap."
"I'm scared of the book."
Ume, who is unfamiliar with the world, was afraid that her grandmother would consult with her about the aftermath of the six-mutsu-ga-shiki incident. Considering the daily hardships of her grandmother who raised her three grandchildren by hand, Yukiko became hateful when she was an unfaithful and unfaithful woman.
"In Fukuoka, I'm just saying this time, so I can't leave my child to the old man, Toshiyori. All three of us are terrifying to move to this place. If the owner of Murakami came to Fukuoka yesterday and he didn't want to go to Fukuoka with his grandchildren, or if he didn't want to go there, I would just stay here and everyone. He said that he had no humanity or in-law. I'm afraid, and if I want to take my children, I'll take them. Because I could understand my heart, I told him not to go to my father's place. At the time of the death of the country, I was asked to take care of my three children for my life. But now, I wonder if I can go to the old man, "Mamahaha".
"It's a good idea," said Ume.
My grandmother broke up with her husband early, and she had no boys, so she took her son-in-law to the country of her eldest daughter, but the country left two boys and one girl for 78 years. He died before. After that, the affection for his grandmother's grandson was solicited, and even though he was appointed as the manager of the Fukuoka branch of the company where his son Kiyoshi was, he was stubborn with the will of his country as a shield. What did he say and stayed in Tokyo with his grandson? It was even more so after his second wife came to Qing, and when the Qing couple accidentally returned to Tokyo, he looked in all directions, wondering if only young children would be taken away. .. And, with a thin monthly remittance from my son-in-law, I sent my three children to the school of it / ″ \, and while I was over 60, I never went to Mt. Even though I was proud of my grandson's fate about the heat and cold of the address to Fukuoka, I never complained about myself. Even if I felt the pain of breaking, when I appealed to my son-in-law, he said, "That's why my child should come to me." I didn't do it.
"Well, isn't Yuki Chiyan coming back to this house with a little Chitsu?" Ume asked again.
"By chance, I came to play because I was lonely, and sometimes I went out without any thought, but I can't get along with my younger brothers like before. My younger brothers could be stingy and hit or kick, so I'm standing inside. "
"Hey. Yuki Chiyan is also cute .... And what are Sada-san and Hikari Chiyan doing now? Haven't you returned from school yet?"
"Now I'm in the West | Room". Both of us are working hard because it's before the test. Hikari "Mitsu" was injured in the right leg by mechanical operation of "Kona Hida" during this time. I'm going to go to the school with a bandage and a lame foot to see if I'm going to take a rest because of this. "
"The school isn't good at Yahari Tokyo, so I'm sorry."
"That's right. My black eyes will be educated in Tokyo and I'll show you how to train to college. I'm still going to be okay for five or ten years. I'm sorry to think about Mr. Okuma. I haven't been able to accumulate in the age of my dreams. "
Ume Hakusu / \ laughed. I thought that Mr. Okuma came out again. "I'm the Prime Minister of the Kawamura family, even if I'm old," said his grandmother.
"But what would you do with your grandmother when you were taken over by your father and went to the countryside?"
"If it happens, I will commit suicide in this house that my grandfather bought and bought. I will go back to my hometown and live with a hermit from Qing, or go to the three worlds of Fukuoka. It can't be trivial to hang out. You're the only one who sees my heart and hangs out, so if I die, think that I'm a cute person and raise a bottle of incense sticks. " From my grandmother's eyes, I shed tears again.
The plums were so sad that they cried. Then, in response to his grandmother's will, he blamed the Qing couple in Fukuoka for their deeds, and blamed all of their relatives for not trying to help their grandmother's side. I was sick.

Eventually, Ume returned home after waiting for her, but her grandmother's errand, which was said to be urgent, was not an errand, and she just whined when she talked about her grandson's appearance. So, Ume was on the rickshaw, thinking about her past, imagining Yukiko's present feelings, and by all means asked Yukiko about the situation. I thought I would tell Yukiko about her grandmother's pitiful heart and give her an opinion. I didn't know Yukiko's current whereabouts, so when I arrived at my house, I addressed my grandmother and put a letter to Yukiko in the same seal, saying, "Take this letter to Yukiko."
Then, after the dinner, he said to his husband, "Isn't your grandmother cute?" I made a gentle impression.
"Don't catch up even if you cry. How can I get rid of it?"
"Most of the time, I'm pretty good at getting rid of it. During this time, when I met your relative, Oyaji, I took a look at the inner curtain of the house. In April, my husband will come to Tokyo << here >> from Fukuoka, so if I do, I'll be forced to make a bond. Originally, Minoru's father << It's absurd that Oya will take over the child. "
"Well, if you say goodbye, your grandmother won't live. You know that your grandmother is working for her child. . "
"But for children, it's a matter of thinking whether it's educated by an old man or a father. It's said that the director is misbehaving this time. There is no word for it. According to my relatives, in Fukuoka, if my grandmother is trying hard and leaving her child, it is said that she will stop the monthly remittance. "Kana" is good. "
"Well, it's terrible. Is there such an inhumane thing? I don't want anyone to be a wife after that. I wear a gold arm ring and wear a flashy hem to the habit of getting older. Please look at my grandmother, even though she is the mother of the branch manager, she wears a kimono with frayed cuffs, and even in this cold weather, why don't you wear a zafukin on your own? "
"But. It can't be helped if it's a strange thing from the side. It's a big house like that, so it costs a lot of money and power. I'm always thinking that my grandmother would be happy to use her younger daughter in a small house. "
"Everyone is thinking about it .... But my grandmother doesn't live with her children. Of the three, even one of them has to go to the Qing dynasty in Fukuoka. "Shiyotsuchi Yu" is a thing that is said to be. Even children are filial grandmothers, so I will not abandon them. "
"I don't know about sleds."
It was complaining to Ume that her husband couldn't get along with her grandmother enthusiastically.

The light snow that had accumulated the night before was shining / \ seeing the shining morning sun / \ melting and beautiful 《Ura》 On a bright morning, Yukiko visited Ume no Ie. When I met him at the end of last year, I was an adult. The hakama wasn't worn, and I wore a cell coat, so it looked even more different. However, he did not have a terrible wind, and spoke as stubbornly as before.
"When I saw the letter, I flew away as soon as possible. During this time, I entered my house. My grandmother was yours. I praise you for that. My grandmother praises her when she talks about her sister. "
"Sau? I don't have any remorse for doing something that my grandmother praised, but it's good to please the old man, Toshiyori."
Ume stared at the innocent face of the other party, and it was no wonder that this woman knew the man anymore. And I definitely wanted to see what kind of face the man had. What kind of soft face does a naive man deceive a woman, and how good is his mouth?
"What's going on with Yuki Chiyan now? I'm gonna tell you where I am. I'll let you know." Yukiko just laughed and couldn't answer.
"Isn't Nishikubo's house already sick, as it's never been on my grandmother's side?"
"I don't like it. I don't really do it."
"Why do you leave the house?"
Yukiko said to Sazuga, "Datsute me ...", but clouded the "slightly" side of the "hospitality" and said, "I have nothing wrong with it and go home." I'm not going back .... It snowed heavily on the 15th of January, and on that day I had a pain in my stomach, so a person's house I got a rest at the house, and I got a messenger to go home and came to the reception. That is why my grandmother's first side 《Hata》 said various things. Fluffy. "
"Hey. That's all." Ume said with peace of mind, "Then I wouldn't be able to speak quickly. You're going to wake up at that house. School. Stop it too. "
"I don't have any luck. When my grandmother gets angry, I don't have a place to stay."
"Well, I wish I could come to my house," until the end of the story was reached. | It's easy to come to this house, too. I don't know if it's wicked. "
"Eh ...."
"When I came to my house to play, and when I returned for an hour, my grandmother was worried and moved to the reception, but in February," Futatsuki "was also in March. "Mitsuki" also leaves the house. It's no wonder that my grandmother thinks so much that she can't sleep at night.
"... I'm already enlightened. At first I thought about my grandmother's mystery and lived crying, but now I'm enlightened. This is also fate. There is no enemy in fate. From then on, in order of calmness. "
"Well, who taught me that?"
"I'm not anyone .... I'm grateful. I'm going to follow my destiny without being surprised by any eyes."
"If your dad came from Fukuoka and tried to force you, why would you?"
"I won't go." Yukiko said calmly, "I won't go to the countryside even if I die. I'm aware of it, so I can't help worrying about Murakami's uncle and Kawagoe's uncle. It ’s awesome. ”
“………….” Ume stared at the other person's plain face without being able to understand the second phrase. Whether it was innocent or innocent, I couldn't measure my heart, and I was amazed and shook my mouth.
After a while, Yukiko looked up at the wall clock and said, "I have to go back by 11 o'clock. I have something to ask my sister to ask me, but this time I will talk about it. I'll let you do it. I found it worthwhile to visit you in a hurry today because I knew that my sister wouldn't think of me as evil. If there is a chance, please come back to my grandmother and comfort her. "
Soon after, Yukiko went out with a cheerful gait, saying if it was a left hand.
"Oh, mystery doesn't come up with any opinions," Ume sighed. Yukiko was eighteen, four different from Ume.

The outdoor 《Soto》 became a spring scenery day by day. Ume waited for the approaching time when the parents and siblings of his hometown, Kuni, came to see the cherry blossoms. Nishikubo's grandmother didn't send any uneasy letters after that, so I felt the ease of a little bit of spillage. It was so painful that I couldn't collect it, so I thought that my grandmother wouldn't have any. However, one day, a book of swords that wrote "Yukiko in Hayama" came.
"I was lost the other day. I came to this place from" Kinofu "yesterday. The sea is beautiful. When I stand in Hamabe and look at the hazy offshore, I see the land of dreams. I was wondering when I came to see him, and I shed tears. Wouldn't it be nice for my sister to come here to play? "
I don't think I'm going alone, but I'm not afraid to travel with a young man, and I think it's an irresistible deceased woman. I was a little jealous of what I was doing. I wasn't very happy because I got married according to my parents' orders and just went to the place where I was.
"This man is as rich as Yotsupodo, isn't he?" Said Ume, showing her husband a letter.
"I don't know how it is. The amount of money you spend traveling with a woman you like is somehow worth the effort."
"I'm very rich. The coat was made by the man."
"No, no, don't you? You guys don't have to worry about the end of the woman's line by your side."
"I'm out on the road."
"If you find a rich and respectable man by yourself without taking care of others, why not be a creditor?"
"But I'm off the road, so I'm abandoned by a man now," said Ume.
And, because of the habit of trying to avoid being involved in this incident, he suddenly wanted to know Kyoko and decided to voluntarily visit Nishikubo's grandmother's house.
My grandmother was happy to come and talk about what happened after that, but she wasn't as carefree as before. I heard about Hayama line as well as the happy message.
"It's okay for Yuki Chiyan to go to the beach, too."
"I want to see the sea / \, so I'm glad that I'm so happy. I've also sent this kind of book to me." I showed it to you. It was written that the souvenirs were "carefree", such as having a beautiful shell and returning.
"When the moon hits, I'm going to enter from Fukuoka, but it's okay for Yuki Chiyan to go out. To put things together, it's better to be happy for the time being. I think it's sloppy. "
"Tomo Sauda. That's why I'm sorry to keep the trip between me and you. The other day, when I talked to the man who was the other person, I often talked to him. Well, it's a soft man. If that's the case, Kiyo will complain when he sees it. I now think that if a man could hang on to one of my arms, he wouldn't have been a whisper [# aside from "Yakimoki"]. "
"Wow, I'm sorry."
"That's it, and when Kiyoshi Kiki comes out, the cost of monthly living and academic resources are enough to let me know that I will never live an unscrupulous life. I'll write it down without making any mistakes. Just in case, look at it. I can't do anything that seems to be useless. "
So, Ume reluctantly picked up the plaque of the ruled paper "Keishi" and was careful. I was very surprised to find that they were so detailed that they didn't even look like them. Not only was it not found to be useless, but there was no mistake in the calculation.
"I often come across such troublesome things for my grandmother."
"I'm not going to be crazy yet. I won't tell anyone that the director isn't left to the misbehaving kid," said her grandmother. I said.
I thought that there was no such thing in my grandmother's head, and Ume made a detailed calculation book by imitating this. I told him my free time.
It was past the equinoctial week that Hakata-ori went to Ume no Ie as a souvenir from the Qing couple in Fukuoka. It was Yukiko's hesitation that she left Tokyo earlier than she did. As soon as Ume saw the final stage of the play, he was curious about the unity of his grandmother's family, but it was annoying to go to see Kyoko from Hikata. Then, I was foolish enough to give out a souvenir letter for a day or two, but soon after, the owner of my relative Murakami came to visit me rarely, and Yukiko Waka. However, I asked if he would come to this house.
"What's wrong? I haven't come to this house" here "at this time | even a trivial", "Ume's husband replied.
"I'm in trouble because I'm fooling myself. Now it's a problem because it's a good idea for an old man to run away from his father's eyes. Even if I could put it in safely, I tried to take it to this place first, leave it at my house, and then start talking, but in the old man, my daughter was in Fukuoka. It seems that the worry of being taken to Fukuoka comes first, and I will be hit by this measure. "
"And what happened to Sada Chiyan and Hikari Chiyan?" Ume said from the side, but Murakami talked about the circumstances of the Kawamura family, who were mixed in. I couldn't break into the plum blossoms in the detour, and I was vaguely confused.
At this time, the plums were lined up facing Murakami's husband, and I was struck by the humanity that I wanted to be my grandmother's ally.



Bottom book: "Hakucho Masamune Complete Works No. 6" Fukutake Shoten
Issued on January 30, 1984 (Showa 59)
Parent of the original: "Fujin Koron, No. 5 of the 1st year" Chuokoron-sha
Issued on May 1, 1916 (Taisho 5)
First appearance: "Fujin Koron, No. 5 of the First Year" Chuokoron-sha
Issued on May 1, 1916 (Taisho 5)
* The bottom book is a large scale of "ga" (ward number 5-86) used for counting things and place names.
Input: Harukaze, a specified non-profit organization
Proofreading: Shinichiro Yamamura
Created June 12, 2014
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
