Memories of Makino Nobuaki
Ukichiro Nakaya

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Expense Office << Philadelphia >>

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) [# Raise one character from the ground]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

Mr. Makino talked about one night of this year's New Year when he was present with Mr. McKeevoy, the president of the Tokyo branch of "Reader's Digest".
Mr. McKeevoy praised Mr. Makino very much. He is a representative intellectual of Japan and an excellent democratic politician. And at the age of 89, I was impressed that his head hadn't diminished at all. However, I was worried about what happened because I was ill now. In fact, Mr. Makino was already on the bed of death at that time, so about 20 days after that, we finally lost the last one of this "Japan in the Meiji era."
As anyone who met Makino said, Makino was very smart until his last years. That was truly amazing. I have come to visit from time to time for the past six or seven years, since Mr. Makino had already passed eighty. However, he always wore a haori hakama and often read "Japan Times". He was fluent in foreign languages, had good eyesight, and had normal ears. He seemed to read foreign books from beginning to end, and was fond of listening to new ideas and modern science. When I was talking, I couldn't think of him as a person who knew Saigo Takamori, joined the delegation of Mr. Iwakura, and went to the United States in the 4th year of the Meiji era.
I think it was around the beginning of the next war that I first visited Mr. Makino with Mr. Taro Takemi. It was before Shoto's mansion was not yet hit by the war. In the hall in front of the large garden, which was crowded with random things, the wicker chairs were lined up in a circle, and it was a treat, and we talked until late at night. I had a couple of times with Yoshishige Abe, Dr. Nishina, and Dr. Fujioka.
The February 26 Incident was not a long time ago, but an era when the power of the Tojo warlords covered the world. Makino lived a quiet life so as not to come out on the surface as much as possible. However, after all, it seems that many people with family names that remain in the modern history of Japan came and went because they were the only surviving members of the Meiji era and had a high family background.
It was the second time I visited Shoto's mansion, or he asked me to talk to young relatives, so I took a movie and talked about snow and the study of fog with a balloon. There is. There were seven or eighty guests, including the hall, the next room, and the porch. The snow movie was an English version sent to the United States. Showing the English version of the movie at Makino's mansion in the air during the upcoming war may have been a bit of a gun, but Makino was very pleased. And young people told me that it is important to open the eyes to see the world. It seems that there were a few of the guests, the palace of the descent.
Mr. Makino is a person who has always thought about Japan with the world in the background. The definition of intellectual is a person who can think about things against the background of human beings and ethnic groups. In that sense, Mr. Makino was a representative intellectual in Japan, as Mr. McKeevoy said.
However, as you can see from the "Memoirs", Mr. Makino became a person in the most blessed circumstances that Japanese people can think of, and spent most of his life, so everyone has a world like Mr. Makino. It would be impossible to expect a view. The second son of Toshimichi Okubo, one of the Three Great Nobles of the Restoration, was born in the first year of Bunkyu, the year when the Civil War began in the United States. Then, in the 4th year of the Meiji Era, when Iwakura Mission was dispatched to the United States and Europe, he was accompanied by his father, Sir Okubo, to the United States with his brother, and was educated in the United States until the age of fourteen.
At first, he entered a childhood school, but soon after he entered a junior high school in Philadelphia, he lived as a child in the United States in a dormitory that doubled as a principal's residence as the only Japanese, and received formal education. I received it. "In the academic field, I did so much that I couldn't give it up to other children, and the principal was pleased with that. The school had arithmetic, history, geography, and other Latin languages. But anyway, from 11 to 14 years old. Until I was old, I was abroad when I had to study the most, and I couldn't do anything about Japanese studies. " Mr. Makino, 14 years old, decided to return to Japan "I noticed this point myself".
I returned to Japan in the 7th year of the Meiji era. At that time, Kaisei School, the predecessor of the later Tokyo Imperial University, had already been opened in Tokyo, and I entered there. It should be noted that Mr. Makino went on to the Japanese-Chinese literature department of the Faculty of Letters after completing the preliminary department. Almost all classes at Kaisei School at that time were conducted in English, so it was extremely easy for Mr. Makino, who had completed formal junior high school education in the United States. That is why I chose the Department of Japanese and Chinese Literature to make up for the fact that "Japanese studies are not done at all." There was a fundamental difference in thinking about choosing a trade department because I could speak English.
Studying at Kaisei School continued for five years. He thought, "I was still in college when I was nineteen, but I believed that Chinese studies were on par with people, and I would like to go abroad again to see what's happening in other countries." So I became a secretary of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and worked for Rinatsu "London".
At London, he entered an upstream family in the UK and said, "I tried to learn how to behave, how to wear a kimono, how to visit, etc., and the tailor also chose first-class clothes and ordered clothes." He also read books actively, mainly reading novels, especially Scott's. Reading the novel is also "because it can be a source of conversation when socializing, and there are many places where you can be taught in studying customs and humanity." He read "London Times" as a daily routine every morning, and often went to Congress to listen to the debate between Gladstone and Disraeli.
A 20-year-old Japanese young man had already acquired English, had a specialized background in Chinese studies, read "Times" as a British gentleman, and listened to Gladstone's speech. And his intellectual mental power did not decline at all until he reached the age of ninety. From the beginning, humans were different from the so-called youth officers who sniped this person, calling him conservative and swearing at him as stubborn. Of course there are differences in the environment, but it seems that they are not the only ones. He moved to the United States at the age of eleven because he asked his father, Sir Okubo, and he said, "I haven't learned anything in Japan," and "I realized myself" when I was fourteen. It was.
During his stay in London, Mr. Makino studied the local autonomy system in Britain and was convinced that the root of democratic politics was the local system. Then, Hirobumi Ito, who happened to come to Europe to interrogate the Constitution, was presented with a written opinion on Japan's local system. In response, Mr. Ito wrote a heavy reply and promised that he would be able to make a detailed business proposal. Both the written opinion and the reply are in the memoir, but compared to the words and actions of current politicians and the majority of young people around the age of 20, it feels like a different world.
After returning to the morning, Mr. Makino served as the secretary to Prime Minister Kuroda for a while and became the director of the Cabinet Records Bureau. This was a retired job for ordinary officials, but it was a good learning opportunity for Mr. Makino. Japan at that time, as it is today, was in a period of ideological turmoil, "generally tended to swallow extreme principles and politics." However, looking at the foreign publications that come to the recording bureau, there are not a few moderately moderate articles, "It is regrettable to just read it, so the content is particularly rich because it was written by an authoritative scholar. I started the work of widely distributing it as a magazine called "Political Group" by translating the articles and editorials I am doing. It had a great deal of feedback. A modern official would not have a director who could do this kind of work. Even if there is such a person, there will not be much reaction.
After this study period, Mr. Makino went to the region as Governor of Fukui Prefecture at the age of 31 and was appointed as Deputy Minister of Education at the age of 33. During his time as Deputy Secretary, he did a significant job of establishing an art school with Tenshin Okakura.
Mr. Makino's life as a diplomat was later. After staying in Italy for two years, he worked as a minister of Vienna for nearly ten years. Then, I experienced the ripples between the Northern Qing incident in 1883 and the Russo-Japanese War in a corner of Europe. Vienna at that time was a fragrant city of court politics and glamorous culture. It seems that the life of the minister in Vienna, which was only a decade away from the days of Liszt and Wagner, was very interesting.
I heard a lot about that era, but I will omit it because there are detailed records in the "Memoir". However, one night, at Shoto's mansion, I was served old wine, saying that I would treat something unusual today. "I brought it when I returned from Vienna, but I didn't drink alcohol myself, so I threw it under the edge and forgot it. It came out the other day," he said. The cork was also ragged and the cage was completely full, but I thought it was the cage of the list era, so I drank it thankfully. Mr. Abe was in great excitement, saying, "It's just a goddamn thing."
I forgot whether it was that time or another opportunity, but Mr. Abe was in a good mood and went to Mrs. Mineko for a drink with a wine liquor. "I'm a feminist, so let's take a look. I admit you're a lady today," he said. Mr. Makino was unusually laughed at, saying, "It's an honor," and the troupe was very excited.
This Mrs. Mishima was the second daughter of the famous Mishima Michitsune. Mr. Makino returned from England and was married when he was a large secretary (now deputy governor) of Hyogo prefecture. It is said that Makino's entire life was owed to this wife, who is famous for her brilliance. Mr. Makino rarely talked about Miyanaka, but Mrs. Mineko sometimes talked about it.
Empress Shoken seems to have been a humble minded person who never sat on a cushion in front of Emperor Meiji. However, it was very solid, and one day when he was raising a porch on the porch, a big snake came up. There were quite a few wild birds and beasts on Mt. Ouchi, and it seems that there were many snakes. It seems that the Empress did not show any panic, but held the snake's head and tail firmly with both sleeves and gently abandoned it under the rim. The appearance of Mrs. Mineko, who sits on the tatami mat, stretches her sleeves, and shows her gestures, seems to remind me of Empress Shoken.
Mrs. Mineko died when the war became so bad. At that time, Mr. Makino seems to have been weakened a lot. All the work in the family was taken care of by his wife, so everyone was very worried about the rest. However, Mr. Makino did not show any weakness at least externally. Mrs. Junko, the wife of Shintaro, the eldest son, followed the old wife gracefully and was taken care of by Mr. Makino to the end.
When the air raids became so bad, the supplies were already completely inconvenient, but I heard that it was because I got a chicken, so I visited with Mr. Takemi. Mrs. Junko's cooking served Kagoshima's old-fashioned chicken soup as a treat. It is said that it is a style of cooking that is slowly stewed for a day or half a day. "I used to cook like this at my house for generations. It's an old custom in Kagoshima, but it's delicious," said Makino. It was a feudal, polished dish in a very good way. I think it was a match for Mrs. Junko, who has acquired a modern culture and is able to cook in this style in earnest, to accompany her to the end in her later years. At the beginning of "Memoir", there is a story that Mr. Makino's grandfather, that is, Mr. Jiroemon Okubo, the father of Sir Okubo, liked customers and often gathered young people and served chicken juice etc. ing. Iwao Oyama (later Marshal Oyama) and others often came and went and were invited to come and eat chickens tonight. Reading that, I remembered Makino's happy face that night in the living room at the back of Shoto.
The story goes back a little, but about a year after the war began, the world was drunk with the results of the so-called opening war, but Mr. Makino was very worried about Japanese scientific weapons. .. From time to time, I was told that Japan's science and technology could not progress in the way of Tojo et al. He was praised for the achievements of Shimazu Nariakira and was thinking of publishing his words and deeds. It seems that there was a feeling that he wanted people on the main lines of the government to read it. And it was decided to appear as Iwanami Bunko with the introduction of Mr. Makino's long sentence. Mr. Makino was waiting for the publication, but due to the printing situation at that time, it did not progress easily. It was finally published in November, the year before the defeat.
"Shimadzu Nariakira Gyoroku" was an amazing book worthy of Mr. Makino's recommendation. I read it and learned about Nariakira for the first time as one of the rare Japanese people who devoted themselves to the spirit of science. Science and power are usually incompatible. Asking the military at that time for science was an unreasonable note from this principle. In very rare cases, the two match. And at that time, it emits a light beam like the appearance of a nova. It seemed to me that Nariakira was one of the rarest examples.
After reading, I thought that the true meaning of this book would not be understood in general without commentary, so I wrote a fairly long commentary and sent it to Mr. Makino. This was later printed as a booklet entitled "The Sprouting of Science". Mr. Makino was very pleased and received a reply saying that he did not know that Nariakira's scientific spirit was so high. It added, however, that it was too late for people on the road to read this book.
That's right, and soon after the March 10 air raid proved that Japan was completely undefended, and in the May air raid, even if Miyanaka burned, it couldn't be helped. .. At that time, Mr. Makino's Shoto mansion was also burned down, and Mr. Makino escaped by himself. So Takemi wrote it down before, but since Takemi's wife is Makino's grandson, he took refuge in everything and evacuated to Kashiwa, Chiba. I rented only two rooms near Mr. Takemi's house, which became Mr. Makino's temporary residence.
When the war finally reached its final stage, that is, one night at the beginning of the summer of the end of the war, Mr. Takemi guided me to visit the temporary residence. It was a moonless night, and it was totally dark because of the blackout. Guided by the faint light of Mr. Takemi's flashlight, I followed the path in Hatanaka, separating the dewed grass. As I broke the side of the bamboo bush in the darkness and went along the hedge, my summer pants got completely wet with dew. As I walked down the road, I suddenly remembered the word "Seven Lords" for no reason.
When I entered a place like a garden, a faint light was leaking from the edge. When I climbed up to the edge, I remember that it was a building with 8 tatami mats and 6 tatami mats, followed by a veranda. The state of the garden is dark and unclear. Makino was sitting on a wicker chair on the dark edge. It was as neat as ever. There was almost no talk of the disaster or the present life, and as in Shoto, he quietly talked about the future of the war and the difference between himself and himself in science.
At the age of 85, the year before, he lost his lifelong companion, Mrs. Minako, and while seeing this inconvenience caused by the war damage, she did not show any decline. According to Mr. Takemi, "My relative (Sir Okubo) was assassinated and I was about to die in Yugawara. I can't really match an old man who has gone through many life-threatening scenes." .. Speaking of which, Mr. Makino once said, "What kind of meeting do I have to do with assassination?" I had a meeting with Takashi Hara on the day of the tragedy at Tokyo Station, and I had a connection with the assassination of Mori Arinori and that of Hoshi Toru. Then, the sound of the distress of Shigenobu Okuma was heard. There may be a qualitative difference between reading the word "life-threatening" in letters and experiencing it closely.
After this temporary residence, a house was finally found nearby, Makino-san was at the end of the war at that residence, and Kashiwa was finally the end of the war. Although I have not heard it directly, Mr. Makino was very much involved in the fact that the miracle of the end of the war was actually born in this country of Japan. The new bomb in Hiroshima was confirmed to be an atomic bomb within a few days, but very few of Japan's supreme leaders at the time could realize the horror of its power. It is. Many military leaders considered the destruction of Hiroshima by this "new bomb" at the same level as the fall of Saipan and the annihilation of the Combined Fleet.
In the swirl of the century of turmoil and frenzy, Makino's intellect became more and more brilliant. In a word of a credible atomic physicist, Makino immediately realized the significance of the matter. And it seems that he was forced to join the party in a difficult situation. The miracle of the end of the war is probably a good subject for journalism. However, I haven't seen it in person, so I won't go into it too much. However, I think it is true that Mr. Makino was forced to save the people from "breaking the jade" as the last servant of his 89-year life.
After the end of the war, the position changed completely. Freed from surveillance as "Badoglio", there are various visitors. Among them, there were people from foreign news agencies, and the residence in Chiba became very lively. However, Mr. Makino lived a quiet life that was no different from when he was under the pressure of a warlord. Although my spirit was solid, I felt that my body suddenly weakened. The pain of the defeat may have been answered.
Life was as simple as ever. Perhaps it was the year after the end of the war, I was asked to give a lecture by Mr. Kanji Kato of Uchihara, and I received miso as a thank-you. I stopped by Kashiwa on my way home, so when I gave the miso to Mr. Makino, I was very pleased that I could smoke the miso soup for the first time in a while. The so-called masses seem to be a race that walks around with bamboo spears during the war, and after the defeat, does not let the people who saved them from the scorched earth suck miso soup.
One of Makino's pleasures after the end of the war was the publication of "Memoir". As Mr. Kenichi Yoshida wrote in the postscript of the first volume, although it is an dictation, Mr. Makino's writing is included in the whole volume, so it can be regarded as a writer. This work, which was started by Mr. Shiga (Naoya)'s enthusiastic recommendation, was a work with great significance. By the time the second volume became a book, Makino was already in the last bed. This second volume ends with the demise of the Emperor Meiji. After that, the appearance of the country of the dizzying magic lantern, such as the First World War, the peace conference, the disarmament issue, the warlord's head, the Manchurian Incident, was left in Volume 3 and below. Some of them are contained in Shoto Quiet Story, but there must have been quite a few materials buried in the darkness of history forever. "I'm sorry I couldn't make the third volume. I had a complete dictation, but no one could read it. My uncle seemed to regret it," said Mrs. Junko. I was there.
When I visited Kashiwa's house on the afternoon of January 26th, the messenger just came. Mrs. Junko sat down on her pillow and offered the three treasures, saying, "I've just been ranked first." The relatives lined up during the next time quietly bowed their heads.
In the waiting room, Mrs. Junko talked about the situation at the time of her death with a slight gap. It seems that he was the last one, and he said to Mrs. Junko, who is the head of the pillow, "Thank you for all your help." He said, "The most difficult thing in the world is to get rid of me. I didn't do anything wrong." That is the reason why it was the last word.
Mrs. Junko said, "I understand the lesson well. We will do our best not to stain the name of the grandfather. The grandfather was a great person." Mr. Makino seemed to understand well, and he nodded and showed a bitter smile on his face. Makino seems to have shown his last intellect to this bitter smile on the dying floor. [# Raise one character from the ground] (March 1945)



Bottom book: "Ukichiro Nakaya Collection Vol. 6" Iwanami Shoten
Issued the first print on March 5, 2001 (Heisei 13)
Parent of the bottom book: "Hanamizuki" Bungeishunju Shinsha
July 10, 1950 (Showa 25)
First appearance: "Bungei Shunju Vol. 27, No. 4" Bungei Shunju Shinsha
Issued on April 1, 1949 (Showa 24)
Input: kompass
Proofreading: Kazuhiko Okamura
Created December 27, 2019
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (https://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
