For Makino's celebration
Ango Sakaguchi

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) 恰 《Ataka》

/ \: Double dance character (repeated symbol in the shape of a vertically lengthened "ku")
(Example) Bella / \
-------------------------------------------------- -----

It may be that my thoughts were wrong, but to me, Makino's death doesn't look dark at all, much less sorrowful. On the contrary, it is bright.
Mr. Makino's life was his dream, and he lived in literature and in his dreams. A dream killed life. The one who killed was Mr. Makino, and the one who was killed was not Mr. Makino. Makino's suicide is a literary festival of Makino. I think it's okay to think about it. I will write this in any way. I can't write now.
The truth about Makino's suicide is that Makino's literature speaks best.

Mr. Makino could not talk about suicide or death on a daily basis. When we talked about it, they looked unpleasant and despised. It was difficult for Makino to live, and death was too easy. Death is not worth a sentence and is not worth talking about.
I remember only one case he spoke of about suicide. It was 56 years ago when Makino-san was near Izumidake-ji Temple, but when Inagaki Taruho suddenly came and thought that he was poor and uncomfortable with food, he would be sick with his neck. It was a story that Bella / \ was freshly sprinkled. I've told me that I've never heard of Bella / \ committing suicide without such a reluctance or pretense. Other than that, I have never talked about suicide.

I have been living in the past few years, but Makino-san's place wasn't very pleasant. It feels good to live in a different way from other houses. I don't feel like I'm living. No one has the best of all things to do, just to live.
Mr. Makino also stayed with a lot of people in the novel. In addition, people actually lived there. However, it is highly doubtful whether he was treated in a cozy manner by the people as I was treated at his house. However, in the novel, "Ataka" is also treated comfortably as I was treated by him. --I was so favored by his literary style. At that time, I was also one of his literary scenes. No one was as literary in designing and reshaping real life as he was. In his case, literature is a big lie to imitate nature, and in his case, nature is recreated and appears.
The lives of the people who appear in the "imaginary landscape", that is the lives of the real people in Odawara, but if I met those people in Odawara without Mr. Makino's explanation, those people would be the novel. It's hard to imagine what people do. I met them after being told who they were and who they were, but from the angle he showed, they were too crazy about Makino's novels. I was surprised to see that it was a match. Makino's novel is too unrealistic, but looking at the reality he directs, as long as his art is unrealistic, the reality is just as unrealistic. He was a mysterious, yet exquisite realist.
I would like to re-discuss this again.

No death is as greedy as his death. It didn't matter to him to die. Everything was just about living. His life was backed by death too violently because of the brightness that the shadow of "death" was not hidden at all. His life was rather dead because living was just living. So his death is natural, a little less dramatic, less playful, and less greedy. That is, the pure soul continued to live. He continued to live even after death. Isn't it Mr. Makino? Many suicides occur when it comes to committing suicide in order to live, but it should be said that Mr. Makino continued to commit suicide. He has been alive. Bright suicide. His suicide was a celebration. It ’s my friend, I ’m just drinking. Is it a song? For the celebration of my beloved poet.



Bottom book: "Ango Sakaguchi Complete Works 02" Chikuma Shobo
April 20, 1999 (Heisei 11) First edition first edition issued
Parent of the original: "Waseda Bungaku Vol. 3, No. 5"
Issued on May 1, 1936 (Showa 11)
First appearance: "Waseda Bungaku Vol. 3, No. 5"
Issued on May 1, 1936 (Showa 11)
Input: tatsuki
Proofreading: Tadao Imai
Created December 10, 2005
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
