Osamu Fukuzawa in the history of Meiji civilization
Shigenobu Okuma

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) And "ka"

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Kakuro ｜ Btsutyuu Hotta 《Hotabichu no Kami》

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) [# 1 indentation]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

Mr. Jukucho, His Excellency, everyone, it is my greatest honor to congratulate you today on the occasion of the 50th anniversary of Keio University, and I am most interested in it (applause). Until now, various stories to Professor Fukuzawa have been explained with almost no regret by Mr. Ozaki, who received the teacher's Kaoru pottery. Most of what I mean has already been said. However, there are still things left. The most necessary thing remains. This is my friend of Professor Fukuzawa-speaking of friends, it seems to be a little screaming, but I was the most awe-inspiring senior, and I had a deep relationship for almost 35 years. From the point of view of the relationship, I believe that it is the most important thing for this memorial festival to state at this seat the most necessary things other than what I have not talked about right now.

[# 1 indentation] [What kind of year is the 5th year of Ansei] [# "[What kind of year is the 5th year of Ansei]" is the middle heading]
It's been a long time since there were many long stories, so I'd like to talk about it very briefly. First of all, except for the old ones, what kind of year is the 5th year of Ansei and the 5th year of Ansei? In the year, "Town St. Harris", that is, here "here", the representative of the United States of America Rika "America" will appear, but that "Town St. Harris" will be with the general government. The treaty signed between them, followed by Russia, the United Kingdom, France, France, and the Netherlands, and the treaties signed with these five countries, the government of Kyoto, that is, genuine sovereignty. It was a time when the general government was in great difficulty when one did not ratify it. At that time, foreigners are urging us to conclude a treaty and ask why they should not ratify it. However, the debate of the people, not to mention the princes in the mainland, is that concluding a treaty with a foreign country jeopardizes the country, and thus opposes it. At the same time, the opposite is the most severe in Kyoto. This became the center of opposition, and all volunteers from all over the country gathered in Kyoto. However, in the imperial family, this is rejected. Here, the shogunate was in the middle, and it was the time when it was almost sandwiched between boards. That is the fifth year of Ansei. It was before Professor Fukuzawa went to Rika Amai "America". Here, the Shogunate sent Kakuro | Hotta Btsutyuu no Kami to Kyoto as an envoy to oppress Kyoto and obtain ratification, but all over the country. Volunteers made a fuss and killed Hotta Bitchū on the way, and finally escaped from Kyoto without getting the point. This is the time. The shogunate moved back and forth in this place, and made the famous Ii scavenger at that time "Ii Kamon no Kami" [Naosuke] an elder, and was famous in Kyoto. I woke up a great prison and did a "coup" in recent words. Go | Lord Kugyo and volunteers were all tied up in one net, and this ratification exchange was possible for the first time. This was generally promulgated as the Ansei Five-Year Five-Country Treaty. Some of these may be remembered, but at that time they became public. At that time, this school was born in society for the first time.
At that time, Professor Fukuzawa did not study whether he was a jōi family or an open nation, but he knew that it would be impossible in the future. I was there. However, I think he was not very satisfied with being threatened and signing the treaty due to the oppression of foreign countries, who are quite patriots.
Then, with the treaty being made, the Shogunate sent three envoys to the United States of America for the first time. This was sent in 1858, the 6th year of Ansei. At that time, Professor Fukuzawa seemed to say that the warships and warships sent from the Dutch government to the shogun government were large, but they were "gun boats" that were slightly less than a thousand | tons. .. Riding on it-for about two years in Nagasaki, I took up the officer of Waran "Netherlands" and practiced navigation or institution, and then the sailors practiced a little, and the others were mostly fishermen. I hired him and boldly crossed the Pacific Ocean for the first time only by Japanese people and went to Kuwako "San Francisco". At that time, the famous Kimura Settsu Mamoru "Kimuretsutsu no Kami" [Ashifune], Katsu Rintaro "Katsurintaro" [Kaishu], and Dr. Fukuzawa accompanied him to America Rika for the first time. I went to the most rural area of the United States, the port of Mulberry, which was still unopened at that time. Before that, I learned a little English, but it's not deep yet. As soon as I went to Kuwako "San Francisco", I learned that English was very important. English has power on both "Anglo and American" continents. The power that this spreads to the world made me feel that the world would surely dominate in English in the future, and then I was enthusiastic about English. Think like this. After returning from America, he made more efforts in education, and at the same time, he helped the Shogunate a little and helped some in enforcing the treaty, and was temporarily served by the Shogunate.

[# 1 indentation] [Difficulty and courage of Professor Fukuzawa] [# "[Difficulty and courage of Professor Fukuzawa]" is a middle heading]
So, in the previous story, it seems that Professor Fukuzawa succeeded in everything easily, with a truly great genius, and succeeded in all directions without any difficulty, but that is not the case (applause). ). At that time, it was necessary to open the country, it was necessary to bring the civilization of "Anglo-Saxon" into Japan, and as soon as I realized that I needed English, I was a person of that nature, so feel free to do this. Is to be rubbed. At this time, the pressure on Dr. Fukuzawa in the four circles was quite active. Due to the "coup d'etat" in Kyoto by the head of the Ii clan, "Iikamon no Kami", the Joi family were temporarily closed. Kyoto also closed. However, the reaction came immediately. The Shogunate's idea of sending an envoy to the United States of America, looking at the civilization of America, and reforming Japan was completely changed. When the envoy of Rika Amai "America" returned, the important founder, Ii Soubu, was unfortunately killed by Sakurada's strange and violent volunteers. The situation of the shogunate changed completely, the power of Kyoto became very strong, and it was said that the shogunate was oppressed and the ban was already decided. I rubbed it and tried to advance Japanese civilization as soon as possible. However, the situation in the mainland is terrible, and the pressure to kill anyone who discusses the opening of the country is quite great. Most of the weak people quit, and many quit (applause). I don't think it's anything from today, but that's not the case, it's a time when you can hardly measure the morning and evening.
At that time, it was still ... Perhaps the state of Professor Fukuzawa at that time was that there may be young people who think that the feudal samurai are rich from today's point of view, but they are quite poor. It was the story of the principal of Kamada [Eikichi], who was as poor as I was, and the clan's residence of Hou Okuhira, but when I listen to the story, it sounds fine, but it is a rented Nagaya (applause). It's really poor, and it's not that good. You can't even dream. If you want to see this, you can easily find it by going to a slum somewhere around here. It is almost in a slum state. What is the state of that time? Not only that. On the one hand, there is the difficulty of coming and killing. If you try to go to the front, you will be pressed by poverty, and from the back, you will be pressed by the Joi family. I'm receiving a hungry enemy. In such an era, he struggled to advance the civilization of the country by standing on the streets of life and death.
However, the more pressure comes, the more courage it will be. Needless to say, old photographs must remain in this cram school. Chonmage is tied together to create a truly awkward wind. In his later years, Fukuzawa-sensei is a gentle person who is really peaceful, has a very high sense of common sense, and is never radical. I don't know if you think this way. Of course, it is quiet on weekdays. However, when he touched something and became fierce, he did an amazing and brave work, almost like a lightning-fast fire (applause).

[# 1 indentation] [Great Revolution and Destructive Movement in the Thought World] [# "[Great Revolution and Destructive Movement in the Thought World]" is a middle heading]
We have a lot of "many" experiments on that. It is necessary to tell you one of the experiments. Maybe some of you know it. In the meantime, when the Meiji Restoration came to an end and the prosperity of the 250th year of the Shogunate was about to end, Professor Fukuzawa was receiving the Oroku of the Shogunate. Eating the shogunate's grace seems strange to volunteers, but it is not. In the mind of the teacher, for the purpose of advancing the civilization of the country, even if the shogunate is crushed or Fushimi is defeated, he does not care at all. Maybe | I was giving a lecture by gathering students at the Teppouzu or Shinzenza's working number Nagaya. This is the reason.
By the way, all the people with some scholarship at that time did the shogunate to build a Kaiseisho and have them translate foreign documents. All the friends gathered at Nishinomaru, and there was a consultation that this would not be easy, that Satsuma would hold Tenshi and go to the shogunate to do this kind of violence, and to rebel against it. However, the teacher does not go no matter how many times he uses it. He seems to be strong, but he is timid, so his companion came to the teacher and why did you sit down? No, I don't talk about it, I hate war. I hate the inner quarrel "Uchiwa Genka". It's not like that now. I will study and make the country a civilization. The quarrel between the chief Satsuma and the shogun-the teacher says it's a quarrel-it doesn't matter which one wins-I can't stand to give up my life. I was told that I wouldn't talk about it. It seems that this is nothing when I hear it for a moment, but it is a noisy world where if you make a mistake, you will be killed immediately. At that time, a guy called Shogitai kills everyone in Ueno, threatening to kill them all. I can hardly measure morning and evening. Still, it doesn't work at all for my own principles.
After that, the royal government restoration was completed, and what happened in the second year of the Meiji era was that all the friends who recommended Professor Fukuzawa and tried to rebel against the government forces together issued a confession. is there. This is the discussion that the teacher is most good at, and it should have been written in the diary, and maybe the people in this have heard it. Until today, there was a difference between people when they announced it to the world. But it's history. It's history, so it doesn't matter. In the second year of the Meiji era, all of the teacher's friends were scholars and could write sentences in the world of whitening. However, Western-style sentences, translated sentences, this is not enough. Since it is called the Great Government Restoration and the Restoration of the Royal Government, it must be ancient literature because it is restored to the old days. Western scholars cannot do ancient literature. Then, when I look at the white paper, I am afraid of the hanging volume, and I publish the white paper in that style. Then, it will be hired as an official immediately. That's how everyone became an official. Just when Mr. Fukuzawa came to the place where he was bathing in Atami and became an interesting world, he said that he would not be one of you, or that he could become an official as soon as he did the whitening. I hate the awe of hanging rolls, and I'm sorry for Shinpei. The person who called the teacher a coward when he said he was going to wage war before became afraid of the suspension. That's why he named such a teacher and said he was afraid of hanging. It's a strange story. This also sounds ridiculous when I talk about it now, but it's not quite unusual. The momentum of the royal government restoration is flourishing. At that time, everyone-as Makino [Nobuaki], Minister of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology said, is the era of government universalism. If you want to do something, you have to join the government. I never serve it because I am exempt from it.
What happened after that was the Meiji Restoration, but in the ideological world, the ideology of the revival and the ideology of the Meiji Restoration and the two tides collided with each other, causing frequent rebellions and stubborn parties nationwide. Rebels fiercely and often assassinates. The fine officials were also killed by the assassination. That's the time. What the teacher did at that time was that, if I look at the work of the teacher directly and listen to it, the primary purpose of the teacher is to cause a cataclysm in this ideological world. It is said that Japan cannot be led to civilization without destroying Chinese thought, feudal and formal thought. Therefore, at that time, the most prosperous utilitarianism in Britain and the United States was struck. It destroyed Confucianism, feudalism, and formalism from the ground up. At that time, there are some strange words. Although there were some tough and extreme discussions that seemed to be children, which are not very popular from today, they tried to destroy the ideas of the people from the ground up. Almost planned a revolution in the ideological world. It's a great revolution. A great revolutionary in the ideological world.
At that time, quick young people and stubborn students squeezed Professor Fukuzawa very severely. For that reason, Keio students at that time would have been very worried about protecting Professor Fukuzawa. However, such extreme acts were not very pleased by the officials. Great people like Okubo Toshimichi knew great people, but many were not very pleased with them. It may have been admitted as a destructive party. Of course, it is a destructive party. If we do not destroy this ideological world at all, we cannot lead Japan to civilization without destroying the old ones, so all the businesses to date have been destroyed. At that time, it may be possible to bake together with the boulders. It doesn't matter what it is, it means that Japan cannot be led to civilization unless it is destroyed once. From that point of view, the people who are close to the teacher think that such a violent act is strange.
However, once the teacher admits that it is for the sake of the country and for the sake of society, he will bet his life on whatever rebellion he may have. That is, it makes a destructive movement. The basics of this brave act are that it makes the teacher successful in all directions as it is today, and that many people show sufficient respect to the teacher. What it is is a destructive movement. What I wrote at that time remains. When you look at it, they are all destroyed, and they have destroyed the traditional morals of Japan from the ground up. The aftermath of the destruction extends to women's problems. It also extends to political issues. It also extends to economic problems. The aftermath of the destructive movement spread in all directions, as if the water of a "cup" was sprayed and flowed in all directions. During that time, common sense developed and he worked harmoniously in all directions. However, the civilization of "Anglo-Saxon" and the spirit of "Anglo-Saxon" were understood prior to the Japanese people, and this was linked to the Japanese civilization and taught to people in the ideal world. Instead, he was forced to exercise with the courage to immediately realize this ideal. Therefore, he received great rebellion and great pressure. Very difficult was the last success of Dr. Tohoku. To this day, all the people yearn for the virtues of the teacher, that is, the destructive great movement in the first year of the Meiji era, the great destruction of the Japanese spiritual world and the ideological world, is the basis. .. Therefore, I think that it is just after the destruction that there are many constructive moral theories such as the teacher's various morals, independence and self-esteem, or women's problems in his later years (applause).

[# 1 indentation] [Keio University has the spirit of Professor Fukuzawa] [# "[Keio University has the spirit of Professor Fukuzawa]" is the middle heading]
I was a friend who became close to the fellowship as I got older until the teacher died. As the most awe-inspiring senior, it is very sad to have lost that person. However, the spirit and thought of Professor Fukuzawa is, in other words, an organization called Keio University, which is an organism. Professor Fukuzawa lives in that spirit. However, this must develop gradually. Thus, Professor Fukuzawa's ideas have not yet been realized. Especially in the last years of the teacher, he only started with the moral problems in the spiritual world. This left the teacher responsible for you. I believe that it was left behind by an organic organization called Keio University (applause).
The 50th anniversary celebration appeared as a library where the spirit of Professor Fukuzawa was great. At the same time, that spirit has finally developed into Keio University in the future, and of course there are many schools, both public and private, but if you discuss this as a brother, you are the oldest brother. Perhaps the Imperial University and other public and public schools are far younger than any other school. Keio University is the most senior. Thus, he is a truly great leader in instilling a new civilization in Japan. In this way, the spirit of Professor Fukuzawa resides in the collective life of Keio University. Human life is limited, but this spiritual spirit, the spirit of the Keio University organization, is permanent. It prospers with the nation. Therefore, I believe that it will make a great contribution to the nation (applause). Therefore, at the same time as celebrating the past, we also celebrate the future development of Keio University (applause).



Bottom book: "Okuma Shigenobu Speech Discourse Collection" Iwanami Bunko, Iwanami Shoten
First print issued on March 16, 2016 (Heisei 28)
Parent of the original: "Haku Okuma Speech Collection" Waseda University Press
Issued on October 22, 1907 (Meiji 40)
First appearance: "Keio Gakuho No. 100, No. 7" Keio Gakuho Gyosho
Issued on May 15, 1907 (Meiji 40)
* The title at the time of the first appearance is "Speech by Haku Okuma".
* The [] in the middle heading is given when editing the original.
* Supplements and notes in [] are added by the editor.
* The word notes by the editor at the end of the bottom book have been omitted.
* The bibliography by the editor at the beginning of the text has been omitted.
Input: Fukupo
Proofreading: Hiroshi Kadota
Created January 27, 2018
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
