The beauty of taste and the beauty of art
Rosanjin Kitaoji

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Pea << peas >>

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Painting |

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) Grated [# Emphasis mark on "Grated"]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

All things are made by heaven. It is not surprising that there is nothing new under the sun. It's just how people take in nature and how to make use of what heaven can do in the human world. Moreover, it is not an easy task. Many people are killing it with the intention of taking in nature, destroying it, and taking advantage of the beauty of Tensei. A person who happens to be an unprecedented genius can only slightly face the natural world and grasp the beauty of Tensei.
Therefore, we must first and foremost develop our eyes to see nature. Without this, good art would not be possible. Without this, good calligraphy would not be possible. Painting | It can be said that there is no choice but to do anything else, such as beauty.

Suppose there was a radish here, even from my esophagus. If the radish is fresh from the field, it must be delicious whether you grate it [# "grated" as an emphasis mark] or boil it. However, if this radish was old, it would not be possible to fully enjoy the deliciousness of the radish, no matter what the master chef cooks. This is because the deliciousness of radish that can be made by heaven can only be obtained from fresh radish.
Also, suppose there was a branch of flower here. If the flower is new and just blooming, it is beautiful even if it is casually thrown there. However, if this is a flower that is already wilting, the beauty of the flower cannot be tasted naturally, no matter what master or instrument can be used. This is because artificial artificial is difficult to replace with Tensei after all.

As mentioned above, the source of beauty is natural, and the source of deliciousness is also natural. This is very easy, and there are plenty of examples to prove it. However, this simple matter is difficult for the general public to understand. For that purpose, I made a futile effort, for example, to add extra flavor to one dish, to make a trivial work, to draw a picture, to force the shape to the talent, and to abuse the paint indiscriminately. To do.
If it was only cooking technique, if it was only painting technique, there are still many people. What's more, I can't help but assert that there are no painters and no cooks in modern times because no one can really grasp the beauty of this natural world. There's still a lot to say about this, but let's skip it all and move on. The point is that we must first learn from discovering the beauty of nature.

Now, the next question is, if it is natural, is it all beautiful, or is all natural things delicious? Nothing is as mysterious and subtle as nature. As the heavens do, it seems to have a certain purpose, and it seems to have no purpose. Heaven sheds light, heats, and rains to grow vegetation. It doesn't seem that there is any purpose there. However, the heavens sometimes flutter thunder, and even the old trees that have been nurtured for hundreds of years are burned down in an instant. If it is natural to grow a tree, it is also natural to kill it. It is natural to give a person wisdom and make it possible to survive, and it is also natural to use that wisdom to cause destruction such as war. People often say that suicide is unnatural, but to me, suicide is also clearly natural. From the point of view, nature is not a place where we human wisdom can measure what we are aiming for and what we are trying to do.
The only thing we can do is realize the existence of such natural forces. If it is natural for us to enjoy life in this world, it is also natural for us to die. There is something strictly there that can't be helped no matter what we try to do. That is natural, and we can call this fate. It seems that the story has jumped a little too much. I will talk about nature in such a big fundamental sense at another time, but the immediate problem is the good and bad of each thing that nature has created.
Earlier, I said that I had to develop an eye to see nature, but in other words, to find the beauty in nature. I said that nature is the source of beauty, but nature itself has beauty, beauty, beauty, and deliciousness.
The word "beauty" and "deliciousness" here are, of course, words judged from our human emotions, and they must all have the same value for nature itself, but they are, for example, the same. Even radish may be delicious or not delicious depending on the type of radish and the condition of the land where it was grown, that is, the climate. Therefore, in order to cook good food, it is first necessary to obtain fresh radish in order to make the best use of the characteristics of radish, and secondly, the chef's knowledge is to choose a good type of radish. Is needed as.
When thinking this way, it can be said that all good things are born from good nature. In other words, if nature is good, you can realize that everything that is born there is good. Why do I say this? I didn't bother to think about this, but from the path that led to this idea--
I like delicious foods, and I have been eating delicious foods as far as I can and as far as circumstances permit. Since I love art, I have tried to appreciate art as much as my power allows. Since I love books, I have seen them as much as my power allows. Everything else, beautifying our lives, whether it's architecture or gardens, has reached out to the best of our ability. However, at first I was fascinated by various foreign things, but as my eyes became more discerning, I gradually realized that Japanese things were better. This is true for everything, whether it's a book, a picture, a pottery, a dish, architecture, music, flowers, or a garden. For example, a book. At the beginning of the book, everyone seems to be attracted to Chinese books. At first, I also liked the Chinese book. However, when I get a little bit of the book, I naturally come back to the Japanese book.
The Chinese book is in good form but lacks in content. So to speak, it's like an actor's lord wearing a garment bandage, and I see, it looks like a lord, but after all, it's an actor's lord, not the real thing. That is, there is no content. It's just a look. This also applies to pottery. Old-dyed blue and white pottery made in China is a reflection of the times and is quite excellent as a Chinese one. However, it is the Japanese, not the Chinese, who can make the most of this good pottery now. It can also be seen that after the move of pottery to Japan, what was merely a potter's work has become a fine art and has been created.
On the other hand, if you look at the food, the difference is even more apparent. First of all, in Japan, everything from fish, vegetables, and meat, which are the ingredients of cooking, is incomparably superior. In terms of cooking skills, from my point of view, it can be said that there is nothing to be learned from Chinese people.
The same is true for pictures. The same is true for stamping. However, this can be said not only for China alone, but also for Western countries in general.
I think that Western-style paintings are captivated by the surface beauty of shapes and patterns, and in terms of grasping the essence of things, they cannot match Japanese line drawing masterpieces, but I tentatively give up a hundred steps. Although there is a point that Western-style paintings must be Western-style paintings, Japanese people can draw finely, but I do not hear that there are foreigners who improve Japanese-style paintings. It's not just pictures. The same is true of architecture. The same is true for music. The Japanese built Western buildings as their own, and Western-style paintings are also considerable, but as a foreigner, they understood Japanese music and did it well as in Japanese Western music. , I don't hear what I often sing. Moreover, there is probably no one who speaks and sings Kiyomoto like Enjudayu, or Gidayu, or who understands and sings songs. They cannot sing one Yasugi Bushi satisfactorily.
Here, I had to think about why only Japanese people have the qualities of being alone in the world. This is nothing to boast about your country. The more I look at the works and actions in every direction, the deeper the feeling will be for everyone, not just me.
Indeed, they were superior in scientific progress and industrial development. However, it was because Japan had a special situation of isolation, and once it communicated with them, it quickly learned the knowledge of the world and surpassed them in all cultures, science and industry. And I can't beat even one step. Why is that?
I think that Japan on earth is made up of excellent natural blessings. And I have to think that the Japanese were brought up in such a geographically excellent environment and cultivated excellent qualities as an ethnic group. It goes without saying that Japan's nature and Japan's climate are overwhelming the world, but the excellent qualities of the Japanese people are biased toward tens of thousands of years of this natural blessing. It should be attributed to the results that have passed.
From all points of view, it can be seen that this is Japan, which is an excellent natural blessing depending on the organism, from the viewpoints of the controlled mildness of the climate and the sober fertility of the Aoumi around the four surroundings of Sanshi Suimei and Amatsu. Therefore, it is an excellent fish family even if you look at one fish, and it can be said that it is excellent quality even if you compare it with a single tree.
For example, compare Japanese cedar trees with American cedars. Even if you look at one stem of a flower, Japanese flowers have superior beauty compared to that kind of flower in the West. These days, I see carnations, tulips, and various other Western flowers, but all of them are similar to children's toys, they are just red or yellow, and the flowers and leaves have a shallow taste and contain implications. There is no such thing. You can compare sweet pea to Japanese peas. The beauty of sweet pea flowers is nothing more than a faint artificial flower beauty. However, like Japanese peas, the flowers have a deep and elegant beauty, the leaves are deeply moisturized, and even the beans have an excellent flavor. I heard from a person that an artificial flower craftsman said that Western flowers are easy to make, but Japanese flowers are difficult to make. So to speak, Western flowers are toy-like flowers that can be easily made by human hands from the beginning, and Japanese flowers have a deep beauty and a deep taste, so it is easy to imitate them. That's not the case.
Furthermore, the exact same thing can be said repeatedly for food products. For example, soft-shelled turtles are produced in both Korea and China, but none of them can match the deliciousness of Japanese soft-shelled turtles. Interestingly, however, whether it is Korean soft-shelled turtle or Chinese soft-shelled turtle, when it is brought to Japan and bred for three years, the quality is completely changed and it turns into a good turtle. This is a good example of how nature affects its products, but anyway, the Japanese, who have been cultivated in such nature for a long time since ancient times, are naturally excellent in all respects. It seems that they have come to have the qualities.
As mentioned above, even if you look at one flower, it has implications. It must be said that it is rather natural that the Japanese art, which has sought beauty in such excellent things, naturally has implications and becomes an excellent art of content.
Originally, Japan has such a blessed national character, and therefore, its content is fundamentally superior in beauty. No matter how thick and tall American cedar is, or how beautiful the grain is and how beautiful it looks, it is incomparable to the goodness of Japanese cedar. That is all, and the source is the influence of nature blessed with Japan.
This is the reason for the Japanese praise that I have been feeling for a long time, but is the recent trend of Japanese pride often standing on this awareness? Regardless of the current trend of Japaneseism, fortunately it is also a tribute to the excitement of that momentum, so take this opportunity to grasp the essence of Japan and truly become aware of the characteristics and beauty of Japan. If you can raise it, it's really fine. I really want it and never stop.
[# Raise one character from the ground] (Showa 10)



Bottom book: "Rosanjin Mido" Chuko Bunko, Chuokoron-sha
First edition issued on April 10, 1980 (Showa 55)
Published June 18, 1995 (Heisei 7) revised edition
Issued 14 revised editions on May 15, 2008
Input: Hiroshi Kadota
Proofreading: Sensui Ebisu
Created May 14, 2013
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
