Mikawa Mountain Village
Shinobu Orikuchi

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) Senchimentaru [# Sideline to "Senchimentaru"]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

Mr. Hayakawa (Kotaro) is refraining from doing so, so I would like to talk to you on your behalf. Mr. Hayakawa is a member of the emerging Yamato Painting Association, and the paintings he drew were rewarded at this exhibition. I would like to explain the picture.
It seems that the snowy landscape of the mountain village of Mikawa has a characteristic that cannot be seen anywhere else. When I was walking in Mikawa, the most fascinating thing was the snowy landscape, especially the appearance of the spring drool, and I was particularly fascinated by it. When I talk about this kind of thing, I get a feeling of being a senchimentaru [# aside from "senchimentaru"], but in folklore so far, this senchimentaru [# "senchi" There was probably a sideline in "Mentaru". We have been trying to graduate from it, but this time we are parting from that "ethnic group", so we will use that Senchimentaru [# "Senchimentaru" sideline] only for Mau Ippen. I was doing it.
When you crawl over one mountain into Shinshu, the snow will look different. Even in Mikawa, the snowy landscape becomes brighter as you gradually move toward the plains, but when you crawl toward the mountains, it can be depressing. The same applies to human faces. The two of us lonely walked through the mountain village of Kauifu Snow, and I was deeply moved by the appearance of the remaining snow.
It is this picture of Mr. Hayakawa that depicts the remaining snow. I think that the appearance of the swamp on the side of the house is very characteristic. I don't feel like Ozawa in Shinshu, Enshu, Hida, etc. I think that Mr. Hayakawa's paintings also have individuality, and the individuality of the land that he has grasped has come out. It was Mr. Hayakawa's guide that I walked in Mikawa when I was a Buddha's birthday [# "Emphasis mark"] and learned about the Mikawa Flower Festival. Thanks to that, I finally got a good idea of what to think about. In the near future, Mikawa's gloomy dance book will be published by Mr. Hayakawa, but I think that this painting will be important in order to make a preliminary knowledge of the taste of the sausage. Mr. Hayakawa was the first to walk around Mikawa, and he was suspiciously walking around. Then I'm walking. Among the feelings of walking, I think that the feeling of the remaining snow has become so irresistible.
As the group of "ethnic groups" changes to "folklore studies", I would like to stop the expression that belongs to Kasuta Senchimen and [# "Senchimento" is a sideline]. As the last of the "ethnic groups", I was talking about this.



Bottom book: "Shinobu Origuchi Complete Works 21" Chuokoron-sha
First edition issued on November 10, 1996 (Heisei 8)
Parent of the original: "Shinobu Origuchi Complete Works 17th Volume" Chuokoron-sha
Issued on March 25, 1967 (Showa 42)
First appearance: "Folk Studies Vol. 1, No. 2"
Issued in August 1929 (Showa 4)
* The "August 1945" Folklore "Volume 1, Issue 2" written under the title of the bottom book has been moved to the "First appearance" column at the end of the file.
Input: Hiroshi Kadota
Calibration: Fukupo
Created October 24, 2018
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (https://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
