With a shrine maiden and a prostitute
Shinobu Orikuchi

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) Daisetsu and Setsumatsusha [# "Daisetsu and Setsumatsusha" is heading alongside]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

Daisetsu and Setsumatsusha [# "Daisetsu and Setsumatsusha" is accompanied by the headline] We think that the life of Yukaku is filthy, but when you read the novels and essays of the Edo period, the townspeople of the Edo period are Yukaku. I respect my life. If you look it up step by step, you will find out about its life. People who go out to play have the same purpose, but the purpose is not directly related to color sales. Customers who play in full-scale Yukaku in Yoshiwara, Shinmachi, Shimabara, etc. are expressed in the word "daijin" [# "emphasis mark"]. Although it was written as Okami, it was originally written as Okami. The companion follows it. It was called Setsumatsusha, but later Taikomochi was called Setsumatsusha. Because the companion who follows the great exhaustion and the end company are separated from each other, the companion (Taikomochi) is called the end company.
In the shrine, the main god is the Okami, and the small god that is mixed there is the end shrine. However, in Yoshiwara, there is no such thing as Setsumatsusha. This is because it targets the town of Edo. People in the old days distinguished between the city and the suburbs, and those who lived in the suburbs called Edo to the town of Edo.
The companion accompanied by a man who can be said to be a great exhaustion is called Edogami [# "Emphasis mark"], and the human beings in the area who surround the great exhaustion [# "Jigami" Emphasis mark]. Even so, the words such as Okami and Setsumatsusha are referred to by the gods of the shrine. For some reason, the character of the current shrine does not make any sense, but the main festivals of the old shrines were banquets, but these days only solemn rituals are left behind. In short, the fact that the festival was flourishing was that the feast was getting bigger.
Festivals and Feasts [# "Festivals and Feasts" are accompanied by headlines] The feasts in the Yukaku practice the form of festivals, but since the old people are honest, only the important parts should be done from the beginning to the end. I went. When I go to Yoshiwara, I have a feast. Similar to the feast of the village, a ceremony is held, there are regular guests who come to the ceremony, there are servants who go around it, and the master promotes sake and appetizers to these people, the entertainers, and the guests In response to this, it was an old rule that the guest would make the entertainer promoted by his master the way he wanted. Even if I went to the Yukaku Ageya, I went in the same format. For example, Tsukimi is an important event in the Yukaku, and even if you look at the Jiuta "Tsukimi", you can see the state of the play seats in the Yukaku. Set up Shimadai (Immediately after Shimadai, Suhamadai has been at the feast seats since the Heian period), and put up a moon made of silver paper. The island stand is placed and the tatami room of the feast is opened.
The guest receives the same form as the god invited at the festival receives the feast. The only difference is that the customer pays for it. People in the old days constantly wanted to be in the position of playing. It was a question of how to handle the tatami room instead of wanting sexual desire, and I expected it to remain in the legend. The people of that time were honored and considered by doing it well.
Mai Daio [# "Mai Daio" is accompanied by a headline] The top woman invited at that time is called Daio. This is no different from a word related to Shinto ritual, but it is not related to the feast where customers go to play. At that time, playing in the Yukaku was a big play, and at first it was hard to imagine that the tycoon needed so much education, but after a person with a status freely entered and exited, a considerable amount of education was required. It came to me. In modern times, Yukaku's Mai Daio is the mainstream prostitute of the Yukaku Daio. Moreover, some of them were Kabuki, those who worked violently, and so-called unrequited Hans (those who dressed luxuriously and behaved in spite of their thoughts), but in the early Edo period, they were well educated. He had a good background, and he had a high level of insight. That, combined with the unreliable pretense, made me stubborn. Unlike ordinary women, they have a unique personality.
Because he had to be educated, he went to the arts, literature, art, flowers, etc. of women. Until then, he was a professional Kowakamai, but after that he gradually went on to perform on the main road. When the position of the prostitute rises, people at that time do not know the high life of a woman unless she is a noble woman or a woman with a high position of a prostitute. It is a view. After coming to such a situation, I would like to think about the Yukaku life ideally.
A woman who teaches marriage [# "Woman who teaches marriage" is accompanied by a headline] If you say why the prostitute was sold, it can be interpreted by theory or imagination. Absent. In other words, in our marriage, it is not an old custom to marry the other woman as soon as the other woman is decided, and there are stages for that. There must be a woman for a man and a man for a woman. I often talk about the case of a woman getting married, but I need to think about the case of a man getting married. In that case, there was usually a woman who taught the marriage law to a young man in the village. The woman is a person with religious power, and she teaches men who have reached the right age how to get married, which is the ideal of an old man.
Considering why I learned the way of reproduction in any country, the facts are nothing but strange to imagine. It is an ideal to think that it was realized by the wisdom of animals other than humans by seeing the connection of silver sophia and sophia.
That's why I was taught the teaching of [# "Totsugi" as an emphasis mark] because if there is no woman who teaches the next in the villages, a man does not have to get married. Ideally, you would marry without teaching, but the reason why there is a woman who teaches is not to teach how to reproduce, but it is said that religious ceremonies are not possible without such a woman. Most of the time, a religious woman meets a woman who is crawling into the reproductive path for the first time. In other words, by passing through a religious barrier, in the case of a woman, like the first night right, it means to eliminate the bad blood that a woman has in her body with religious power. Men are also given appropriate qualifications by religious ceremonies to marry.
It is oldly recorded that the shrine maiden who usually works at a shrine did what she did. A woman who has a religious element does not have to serve a shrine. Some of them are traveling, and some are attached to the village, and some are living near shrines and temples.
It is only after passing through one barrier that you can crawl into marriage. Forgetting the barriers that men had to go through relatively quickly, men began to go to women and get married. I don't know how old the age of going to a prostitute is, and how old a religious woman is, just because it's a secret.



Bottom book: "Shinobu Origuchi Complete Works 21" Chuokoron-sha
First edition issued on November 10, 1996 (Heisei 8)
Parent of the original: "Shinobu Origuchi Complete Works 17th Volume" Chuokoron-sha
Issued on March 25, 1967 (Showa 42)
First appearance: "Kashihara no Tomo No. 6 (Royal Wedding Special)"
Issued in February 1949 (Showa 24)
* The title at the time of the first appearance is "Shrine maiden and prostitute".
* The sixth issue of "Kashihara no Tomo" written in February 1945 under the title of the bottom book. "Royal Wedding Special" has been moved to the "First appearance" column at the end of the file.
Input: Hiroshi Kadota
Calibration: hitsuji
Created on February 21, 2020
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (https://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
