Ethnic blood vessels
--The publishing organization is always fresh--
Masakazu Nakai

The sign that a living thing is alive is that it is constantly throwing away the old and tired things in itself, and is circling the living juice day by day. is there.
Publishing is an institution that constantly renews the ideas of the people and gives them a fresh spirit in response to the advancing circumstances of the world.
How did human society change when we learned to write and write letters from the time when there were no letters yet, and when they were able to be printed? And how many futures are in front of humans as words begin to be sent by electricity or vacuum tubes.
In the history of this development, publishing has an immeasurable role as a blood vessel for the development of human culture, with the structure of a huge world. Whether it's a store in any small town, a library, a reading organization, or even a day without it, the people can't renew their ideas. is there.
Moreover, you should be aware that the tip of this capillary is the most important part to confront all internal and external pathogens. Just like blood, it must not stop obsolete things there.
The cultural heritage of the past must always be forged with new serum and lined up on the bookshelf as a higher cultural resistance.
Thus, planning a publication requires a responsibility that is not easy and the pain that accompanies it.
Of course, as long as it is a sale, it will have to pursue profits. However, if you look at it with a big eye, you should be very careful about adventurous projects that reduce your reading ability. Don't just want a golden egg and take out the egg in the belly of the chicken that lays it and repeat the foolishness of killing the chicken. When the publishing world deals with things that pierce the senses too much, if the masses move away from the letters and go only to the world of the senses, the publishing world will come to the contradiction of killing itself.
The big rule is that the planning of the publishing world is "always more than the truth". No matter how much you try to deceive for a year or two, you cannot deceive "truth", in other words, "logic and reality" for ten years. See Hitler, see Mussolini.
If you look at it bigger, look at the British publishing world in the 1600s and the Roman publishing world. I must wonder how national luck has changed due to the freedom that the publishing world has set up for Bacon, Hobbes, and Hume in the former, and the pressure that the publishing world has given to Bruno and Galileo in the latter. Must be. We should see how this difference is causing suffering to its descendants right now.
When thinking about why Rome, which was so prosperous, has become a city that attracts spectators at first glance, Japanese people with children should now think deeply here.
We now recall with dazzling thoughts the brilliant record of the capital of the publishing world facing the French "encyclopedia" where the culture of the world has risen.
Of course, the materials and printing conditions have not yet healed the scars during the defeat. However, the problem is that the old black blood in the nation's heart takes in new things as fluffy and renews them into fresh ones. The Showa Renaissance is born from this fact of reality.
The young people and librarians standing in each store send their voices toward the center like the swell of a distant wave, and the blood in the center is also refreshed.
I rarely see new spirits coming out of this series of "Shuppan News" with the new year.



Bottom book: "Logic and its practice-from organizational theory to library image-" Tenbinsha
Issued the first print on November 20, 1972 (Showa 47)
Issued the second print on March 20, 1976 (Showa 51)
First appearance: "Shuppan News"
January 1950 (Showa 25)
Input: Atsushi Suzuki
Proofreading: Junichi Miyamoto
Created June 5, 2005
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
