Ethnic emotions
Shinobu Orikuchi

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Tai << Tai >>

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) [# Indent two characters from here]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

It is both regret and regret for my generation that Mr. Saito's literature and scholarship were slow. Of course, I'm sure I'm the longest-serving reader among today's people. However, I don't know how much the delay in knowing the way to love the research and crops is my loss. Even from the writer's point of view, it was finally time to move to Chikashi and Akahiko, and then to meet with Mr. Saito's various aspects. For that reason, the respect I have now is serious to me. However, I wonder why I didn't keep Mr. Saito in my heart when I was younger, easier to touch and easier to receive. From now on, I was able to feel this person entirely after I left Aragi.

[# Indent two characters from here]
The pine cold comes from the mountain behind, and for a while at this temple, Kikoyuru
The sound of pine cold and the sound of Kikoyu. It seems that you can pass the Tai at the foot of the mountain.
Listen to the eggs that Ishigame lays while waiting for you to swallow them.
[# End of indentation here]

I approached the person who had reached the point of making such a song, and thought of the loneliness that I couldn't say even if I put my heart together. I thought about it at that time. The "Ishigame no Uta" was created at the same time by a person who can express such an extremely tidy life. There must be something unusual in this as well, which is unusual for our sense of sound. It would be wrong to overlook this as a foreign thing in the peculiar state of the author. With that in mind, the songs of "Gareiji", "Like a rag", "Mouse's Nest", and other songs that are supposed to be in the special song style that appeared one after another. I thought about the kind and went together. I felt that a certain view of religion that is familiar to the work-or, conversely, a kind that deepens the rationale when looking at the view of religion-is even more at the bottom. And I faintly felt that what was going to be adjusted in the future seemed to have already been shown. My heart was no longer skeptical that it was about to become more prominent later. That was one of the things I noticed after I lost the chance to meet this person.
While living in the summer close to each other in the mountains, I saw many times the work of Gora who lived without disappearing. Especially in Mt. Hakone, every summer is held in a place where there is little change in the scenery, and that amount of crops is produced. I was just astonished when I was lying in the back of my mother-in-law at a distance from the mountain. It means that we have reached a point where we can move away from us, who are made only by the features, and come out to the depths of our quietly folded hearts, just like the features themselves. Around this time, there are songs from Nagasaki, and I often spend the whole day without saying anything. .. In addition, songs that should be called an infinite series of songs in China and Manchuria. Then there are various works in Hokkaido in recent years. It was thought that there was a figure that was connected to those things and never appeared clearly.
In a long day, a foreign virgin would reach the point of use only once, so she opened a [# "Doa" sideline] and called out to her. ――There will be some people who can make such human contact into a song. At the same time, who else was able to sing along with the materialistic horizon and quicksand, making the most of the lonely ocean plains in their hearts? Crossing the border to the border-Experience of a long railroad-The life of looking at the vague Changsha for days should be even a roundtable discussion [# "Okku" is an emphasis mark]. .. However, I have made it into a work by clearly removing it from my life. There are many other scholarly and singing credits, but one of these is something we often want our contemporaries to keep an eye on.
It is because we do not know how the way of thinking of songs has changed in our next era. I would like to say that there was no one in the predecessor who was able to sing almost all the emptiness. Saito-san's most respected Manyo people can see that kind of wind, but this was just that there was something that could depict the world of only tone. Frightening me [# Aside from "frightening"]-I should say that there was a heart that had such an emptiness, and a truth that could have been made with this person's heart. I want to.
The idea literature that the Japanese have become accustomed to has a deeper depth, which is taken up by this person. I can't help but expect that such things will become a new force in the hearts of Japanese people who have lost their confidence.

There is a more forgotten truth behind the beloved chanting of Shigekichi literature. Isn't it necessary to think about that?
However, this should have been explained in relation to the scholarship that comes from this person's personality.
[# One letter up from the ground] [# One step smaller letter] [April 1952] [# End of small letter]



Bottom book: "Essay gift 1" Iwanami Shoten
Issued the first print on March 5, 1999 (Heisei 11)
Parent of the bottom book: "Books" Iwanami Shoten
April 1952 (Showa 27)
First appearance: "Books" Iwanami Shoten
April 1952 (Showa 27)
Input: Takashi Kawayama
Proofreading: Kazuhiko Okamura
Created June 14, 2013
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
