People who can see / people who can see
--Audience problems--
Yuriko Miyamoto

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example)

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) [# with ground] [February 1939]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

It is true that the fact that foreign films are no longer imported as before has stimulated the production of Japanese films, produced some of the best films, and raised their standards. I think that Japanese films, which directly depict, talk about, and show various aspects of Japanese life, give us deep intimacy and expectations, even without the circumstances. Nowadays in Japan, everyday life is quite different from the United States, Britain, and Germany. Since the emotions of different and complicated lives go through every day, it seems that everyone is looking forward to seeing a movie that captures that life. By the way, to what extent can such a life-like movie be made? Today's audience is at the same time as expecting and having such questions. The businesses themselves that pushed Japanese movies to a certain point may have hidden various obstacles that can be seen or invisible in order to create Japanese movies as a true masterpiece in the next two steps and three steps. Isn't it? For example, starting with the deterioration of the quality of films and other materials related to the most visible technical problems. These circumstances have a relationship with the spirits, feelings, and wisdom of the people who are involved in the production of film companies.
How will the producer and the audience overcome these difficulties that have already been clearly foreseen and negotiate with the direction of corporateity and control? It seems that the difficulties that appear in all aspects of today's social life are also reflected here. Recently, as excellent works of Japanese movies, "Young people", "Roadside stones", "Winter inn", "Warblers" and some other feature-length novels have been made into movies, and it is said that they have shown a high standard as Japan. The serious demands on reality in the minds of the producers who are trying to make literary works into films are well understood. But today, if you want to make a film that is a little bit self-explanatory, you have to look for the subject matter in a literary work that has already been completed, which may be the problem with the growth of the film. .. You can feel a kind of historical lag in the inner world of Japanese cinema.
Furthermore, I also wondered how the way of summarizing the works that had traditionally been associated with Japanese literary films or art films, aiming at the mood effect, will be shed today and tomorrow. Be done. When making a cross section of reality into a work, the conventional method of putting it together in a certain mood tends to keep the realistic depth and scale of the work within a certain range instead of being close to the movie. Literature will be the same. Looking at the living relationship between literary films and their audience, the audience themselves are invited to the mood in the first place, and watching a movie made in a mood-based tone makes them feel more and more modern. It is not unthinkable that there will be a case where you are leaning against the sun. I think that such factors are mixed in at a rate that is not a small amount in the actual situation of today's good reputation.
The spirit of sound and life-like developmental appreciation of literary works has been lowered these days. Therefore, for example, even for literary films, the appreciation of the literary works themselves was invited by a certain unconventional popularity to make them into films, and by making them into films, the literary works were directly accepted more smoothly than the other. The result of spreading is also likely to occur. At first glance, the literary work being made into a movie seems to be a mutual boom, but in its subtle essence, the negative aspect of today's culture may be working. People who make and watch literary films are interested in how they think, feel, and push the important points. In this regard, I don't think we should be just people who can be seen.
Even though excellent Japanese films are showing a high standard, how deep they are between some of their peaks and their hem, which is long, dark, heavy and widely dragged to pre-cultural pre-culture. The appearance of social life will have emerged. Only labor capacity is trained to adapt to modern technology, but a plethora of young men and women who are culturally chaotic will gladly surprise them and their little time and money. He is passionate about making movies. Sanae Takasugi said that she happened to meet at the beginning of her honeymoon, and the next morning, she hugged each other behind the stove of the factory and headed for the youth of the daughters who were deeply moved by crying. The reality is that the consumables of passion that combine the latest economic and scientific technologies are being produced.
In detail, in the movie, the sharp historicality is always reflected between the victory of human beings talked about in the technological progress, the social aspect of the content of the work talked about with the technology, and the victory or defeat of human nature. There is a gap. With the exception of countries that have a culture that can in principle fill the gap, the essence of the underlying gap works even on the internationality expanded by film technology and the idea of shortened time. Under some circumstances, it begins to make full use of the vertical and horizontal realistic use of movie technology, which is a victory for human beings. What do you feel about the nature of this environmental film, even though you see it?
I think that the nature of the movie that is brought into the inconspicuous small cities and villages of the region and the life of the people who can see it are also complicated. It seems that special things that you can't see in Tokyo are around the countryside. Even if it is aimed at enlightenment, if the emotions and themes are unrealistic and cannot be expressed in the center, what will happen in the end?
Today's audience can also be cleaner than the so-called childhood movie that uses the emotions of an adult to play a child role. I don't think it's okay to spoil indefinitely. Just as there are various problems in such a situation as a literary work, there is something to be reconsidered in a movie.
The future of cultural films and the abundance of newsreels all occupy a large part of today's culture, but what kind of place does the Cultural Film Control Committee set as a guideline for cultural films? This is also something that people who watch movies want to know. Japan is not the first project in which movie production is controlled by type. There are places that have already been done that way for many years. What I would like to know is the weight of the quality and quantity of culture in the project.
In terms of seeking the fun from every aspect, I think that there is an increasing need for human-like life judgments for those who watch movies. [# With ground] [February 1939]



Bottom book: "Miyamoto Yuriko Complete Works Vol. 11" Shinnihon Shuppansha
First edition issued on January 20, 1980 (Showa 55)
Issued the 5th printing on March 20, 1986 (Showa 61)
Parent book: "Miyamoto Yuriko Complete Works Vol. 7" Kawade Shobo
Issued in July 1951 (Showa 26)
First appearance: "Mita Shimbun"
February 25, 1939 issue
Input: Takuji Shibata
Proofreading: Susumu Yoneda
Created February 17, 2003
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
