Three treasures
Ryunosuke Akutagawa

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Thief << Nusubito >>

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Everyone |

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Numbers are JIS X 0213 area area number, or original page and number of lines)
(Example) * [# Question mark exclamation mark, 1-8-77]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

[# 8 indentation] 1 [# "1" is the middle heading]

[# Indent from here]
in the forest. Three thieves, Nusubito, are fighting for treasure. A treasure is a pair of boots that fly a thousand miles, a mantle that hides when you wear it, and a sword that can be cut into two pieces even with iron. It's just.
[# With line break from here, wrap and indent one character]
The first thief, send the mantle over here.
The second thief, don't say anything extra. Send that sword here and there. -Oh, I stole my boots.
Third thief: Isn't this boots my thing? You stole my thing.
The first thief is okay, so let's get this mantle.
The second thief, "Chikusho"! Is it something that you can give to your mystery?
The first thief, I often wrestled with me. -Oh, did you steal my sword again?
The third thief, what is this mantle muddy!
[# Indent from here]
Three people become a big quarrel. A prince straddling a horse passes by a road in the forest.
[# With line break from here, wrap and indent one character]
Prince Hey, what are you guys doing? (Getting off the horse)
The first thief, what's wrong with this guy? He stole my sword and even sent me a mantle.
Third thief No, it's bad. The mantle stole mine.
The second thief, no, these guys are both big mud. This is all mine, so--
The first thief lie!
The second thief, this Dafa conch "Oborafu" texture!
[# Indent from here]
The three try to quarrel again.
[# With line break from here, wrap and indent one character]
Prince, wait, wait. Who likes old mantles and boots with holes?
Second thief No, that's not the case. This mantle is a mantle that hides when you think you've worn it.
The first thief, any iron helmet, can be cut with this sword.
Third thief: As long as you wear these boots, you can fly a thousand miles.
Prince: Well, if it's such a treasure, it's a good idea to have a fight. But then, instead of being greedy, it would be nice to divide them one by one.
The second thief, do that. I don't know when and when my neck will be cut by that sword.
The first thief, no, the more troublesome thing is that if you wear that mantle, you don't know what will be stolen.
The second thief: No, what you stole is the secret that you can't escape as you wish without wearing those boots.
Prince: That's right, it's a single shoe. Then, I'd like to talk about things, but can you sell me everyone? If you do that, you shouldn't have to worry.
The first thief, how about selling it to this lord?
The third thief, I see, that might be good too.
The second thief just depends on the price.
Prince price-yes. Instead of that mantle, let's do this red mantle, which also has an embroidered rim. Then, instead of those boots, I'll give you this jeweled shoe. If you do this golden work sword "Ken", there is no loss even if you give it that sword. How about this price?
Second thief I will get the mantle instead of this mantle.
The first thief and the third thief We are all right.
Prince, right? Let's exchange it.
[# Indent from here]
After replacing the mantle, sword, boots, etc., the prince goes on the road in the woods, straddling the horse again.
[# With line break from here, wrap and indent one character]
Prince: Is there an inn in the future?
The first thief There is an inn called "Golden horn whistle" as long as you go out of the forest. Then come on.
Prince, right? Well then, goodbye. (leave)
The third thief did a good business. I didn't think that boots would be like this. look. A gold stone is attached to the stop gold.
The second thief, isn't my mantle also a fine one? The place where this was worn would look like a lord.
The first thief, this sword is also a big deal. After all, both the pattern and the scabbard are golden. ――But isn't that prince also a huge idiot to be deceived?
The second thief! There are ears on the wall, and it is also a mouthpiece for sake bottles. Well, let's go somewhere and have a drink.
[# Indent from here]
The three thieves go to the opposite road to the prince, ridiculing.
[# End of indentation here]

[# 8 indentation] Two [# "two" is the middle heading]

[# Indent from here]
An inn bar called "Golden Kin's horn whistle". The prince is biting bread in the corner of the bar. In addition to the prince, there are 78 guests-this seems to be a farmer in Minamura.
[# With line break from here, wrap and indent one character]
The owner of the inn seems to finally have a wedding ceremony for the princess.
The first farmer is such a story. Isn't it said that the person who becomes a human being is the king of black boys?
The second farmer, but the princess is rumored to hate that king.
The first farmer: If you don't like it, you should stop it.
The master, however, the king of the black boy has three treasures. The first is a pair of boots that can fly a thousand miles, the second is a sword that even cuts iron, and the third is a mantle that hides. The king of this country said he would be a princess.
The second farmer, sorry, that's the only princess.
The first farmer, is there anything to help the princess?
Master: No, it seems that some of the princes of various countries say that, but for a few minutes they can't match the king of the black boy, so they all hold their fingers.
The second farmer, the greedy king, has a dragon keeper to prevent the princess from being stolen.
My husband, it's not a dragon, it's a soldier.
The first farmer, if I knew even magic, I would like to help you first, but--
My husband, of course, if I know magic, I won't leave it to you. (Everyone starts laughing)
Prince (while suddenly jumping into everyone) Don't worry! I'm sure I'll help you.
Everyone (as surprised) you are * [# question mark exclamation mark, 1-8-77]
Prince: Yes, any number of black kings can come. (Looking around with all the arms folded) I'll show you how to get rid of it from one end.
My husband, but the king has three treasures. The first is boots that fly a thousand miles, and the second is-
Prince: Is it a sword that can be cut even with iron? I also have such a thing. Look at these boots. Look at this sword. Look at this old mantle. There are only treasures that are no different from the one owned by the King of Black Boys.
Everyone (as surprised again) The shoes are * [# Question mark exclamation mark, 1-8-77] The sword is * [# Question mark exclamation mark, 1-8-77] The mantle is * [# Question mark exclamation mark, 1-8-77]
My husband (suspiciously) But the boots have holes, right?
Prince: It has a hole. However, even if there is a hole, it will fly a thousand miles.
Is your husband really?
Prince (as if merciful) You might think it's a lie. Alright, then I'll show you flying. Please open the entrance door and leave it. Is it good? If you think you've jumped up, you won't be able to see it.
My husband, would you like to have your bill "Okanjo" before that?
Prince, what, I'll be back soon. What should I bring as a souvenir? Is it an Italian pomegranate, a Spanish melon, or a fig, which is far away from Arabia?
Any souvenir from your husband is fine. Please fly and show me.
The prince will fly. one two Three!
[# Indent from here]
The prince jumps up. However, before it reaches the doorway, it sticks to the bottom mochi.
Everyone laughs.
[# With line break from here, wrap and indent one character]
My husband thought it would be like this.
Far from being the first farmer, I didn't fly for a couple of minutes.
The second farmer, what a thousand miles flew. He flew a thousand miles and left it, and then flew back a thousand miles, so he probably came back to his original place.
The first farmer is not a joke. Is there such a huge thing?
[# Indent from here]
Everyone makes a big laugh. The prince gets up and tries to go out of the bar.
[# With line break from here, wrap and indent one character]
Master, please leave your account.
[# Indent from here]
The prince throws money without saying anything.
[# With line break from here, wrap and indent one character]
The second farmer's souvenir?
Prince (touching the handle of the sword) What?
Second farmer (while rubbish) No, I don't say anything. Only the sword may be slashed as much as the neck (like the monologue).
Master (soothing) Well, you and others are young, so please return to the kingdom of your father for the time being. No matter how much you make a noise, you can't beat the King of Black Boys. Anyway, for human beings, it is good sensibleness to be careful not to forget anything.
Everyone do so. Do so. I won't say bad things.
Prince: I thought I could do anything-but I'm ashamed of you (suddenly shedding tears) (while hiding my face) Oh, it seems like I want to disappear as it is.
The first farmer, please wear the mantle. Then it may disappear.
Prince livestock "Chikusho"! (Step on the sword) Alright, make as many idiots as you like. I'm sure I'll help the poor princess from the black king. I couldn't fly my boots, but I still have a sword. The mantle also-(hard) no, I'll show you help with karate. Don't regret it at that time. (I jump out of the bar like a madman.)
My husband is in trouble, I hope he isn't killed by the King of Black Boys, but--
[# End of indentation here]

[# 8 indentation] Three [# "three" is the middle heading]

[# Indent from here]
The garden of the royal castle. A fountain is above the rose flower. There is no beginning. After a while, a prince wearing a mantle comes out.
[# With line break from here, wrap and indent one character]
Prince: When I think that this mantle is worn, it seems that the figure disappears immediately. After I entered the gate of the castle, I was treated as a soldier and also as a maid. However, no one has blamed him. If you wear this mantle, you can enter the princess's room like the wind blowing this rose. -Oh, isn't it the princess who heard the rumor that walked over there? After hiding herself somewhere-no need, I shouldn't be able to see it in the eyes of the princess even if I stand here.
[# Indent from here]
When the princess comes to the edge of the fountain, she sighs sadly.
[# With line break from here, wrap and indent one character]
Princess: What a mischief I am! In less than a week, that hateful black-headed king takes me to Africa.
[# Indent from here]
I want to stay in this castle forever (while sitting on the grass there) to Africa, where the lions and crocodiles are. I want to hear the sound of the fountain in this rose flower. ......
[# With line break from here, wrap and indent one character]
What a beautiful princess! Even if I give up my life, I will help this princess.
Who is the princess (looking at the prince astonishingly), who are you?
The prince (like the single word "goto") has gone! It was bad to make a voice!
Is it bad to make a voice of the princess? Is it crazy? Although she has such a cute face,--
Prince's face? Can you see my face?
I can see the princess. Well, what are you thinking about in a mysterious way?
Prince Can you see this mantle?
Princess Yes, isn't it a very old mantle?
Prince (as disappointed) I shouldn't be able to see me.
Princess (as surprised) why?
Prince: This is a mantle that hides once you wear it.
Princess: That would be the mantle of that black king.
Prince: No, this is also the case.
Isn't the princess hidden?
When I was treated as a prince soldier graduate or a maid, Koshimoto, I was sure that he was hidden. No matter who I treated, I had never been blamed for the evidence.
Princess (laughs) That should be it. If you are wearing such an old mantle, you might think that you are a younger man.
Prince's younger man! (Sit down as if disappointed) It's the same thing as these boots.
Princess What's wrong with those boots?
Prince: These are also boots that fly a thousand miles.
Princess, like the boots of the King of Blacks?
Prince: Yes, but when I fly "between" the other day, I can't fly for just a few minutes. Please see. There is still a sword. This should be cut with iron, but--
Princess, cut something and see it?
Prince: No, I'm not going to slash anything until I slash the head of the Black King.
Princess Oh, did you come to the arm-competition "Udekura" with the King of the Black Boy?
Prince: No, I didn't come to compete for arms. I came to help you.
Princess really?
The prince is really.
Princess Well, I'm happy!
[# Indent from here]
Suddenly the King of Blacks appears. The prince and the princess are surprised.
[# With line break from here, wrap and indent one character]
King of the Black Boy Today, "Hello". I am now flying from Africa. How is the power of my boots?
Princess (coldly), please go to Africa again.
King: No, today I want to talk slowly with you. (Seeing the prince) Who is that younger man?
Prince's younger man? (Standing up annoyed) I am a prince. It is a prince who came to help the princess. As long as I'm here, I won't let the princess touch even one finger.
King (on purpose) I have three treasures. Do you know it
Prince sword, boots and mantle? I see, my boots can't fly in a single town. However, if you are with the princess, you will not be surprised at Senri or 2000ri even if you wear these boots. See also this mantle. It was thanks to the mantle that I was able to come before the princess because I thought I was the youngest son. Wasn't it possible to hide only the appearance of the prince?
King (ridiculous "Azawara") Cheeky "Namaiki"! I like to see the power of my mantle. (Wear the mantle. It disappears at the same time)
Princess (while clapping her hands) Oh, it's gone. I'm really happy when that person disappears.
Prince: That mantle is also convenient. It just seems to be made for us.
King (Suddenly reappears. It seems to be awful) That's right. It's like it's made for you. It's useless to me. (Throw away the mantle) But I have a sword. You rob me of my happiness (suddenly staring at the prince). Let's always play the game. My sword can be cut with iron. Your leader is nothing. (Pull out the sword)
Princess (whether it rises quickly or protects the prince) If it is a sword that can be cut with iron, it will pierce my chest. Now, take a look at it.
King (while rubbing his ass) No, you can't cut it.
Princess (like a mockery) Well, can't you even poke this chest? In the habit of saying that even iron can be cut!
Please wait for the prince. The king is right (while holding down the princess). The enemy of the king is me, so I have to fight all the time. (To the king) Let's play the game right away. (Pull out the sword)
He is a young man who is impressed by his age. Do you like it? If you touch my sword, there is no life.
[# Indent from here]
A sword is discussed with the king and the prince. Immediately, the king's sword cuts the prince's sword like a cane or something.
[# With line break from here, wrap and indent one character]
How about the king?
Prince's sword must have been cut. But I'm laughing in front of you, as you can see.
Do you still want to continue the game at the king?
The prince is natural. Come on.
King: I like it even if I don't play a game anymore. (Suddenly throw away the sword) You are the one who won. My sword is nothing.
Prince (mysteriously sees the king) Why?
King why? The place where I killed you was finally hated by the princess. Don't you know that?
Prince: No, I know. However, I felt that you didn't understand that.
King (thinking) I thought that if I had three treasures, I would get a princess. However, it seems that it was a mistake.
Prince (while holding his hand on the king's shoulder) I thought I could help the princess if I had three treasures. However, it seems that it was also a mistake.
King: That's right. We were both wrong. (Take the prince's hand) Now, let's make up for the beautiful "beautiful". Please forgive my rudeness.
Prince, please forgive my rudeness. Now it seems that I don't know if I won or if you won.
King No, you beat me. I beat myself. (To the princess) I will return to Africa. Please rest assured. Instead of cutting iron, the prince's sword stabbed my heart, harder than iron. I will give you this sword, boots, and that mantle, and three treasures for your wedding. With these three treasures, I don't think there are any enemies in the world that will hurt you two, but if there is something wrong, please let me know. I will always go from Africa with a million black cavalry to conquer your enemies. (Sadly) I built a marble palace in the middle of the African city to welcome you. Around the palace, a lotus flower is in bloom. (To the prince) Please come and visit me from time to time if you wear these boots.
Prince I'm sure I'm going to be a treat.
Princess (while sticking a rose flower on the chest of the black king) I'm sorry for you. I never dreamed that you were such a kind person. Please do not hesitate to contact me. I'm really sorry. (While clinging to the king's chest, he begins to cry like a child)
Thank you for the king (while stroking the princess's hair). He often said that. I am not a devil, either. The same black king as the devil is only in the fairy tale "Fairy Tale". (To the prince) Isn't it?
Prince: That's right. Everyone (while facing the sights)! The three of us woke up. The devilish black king and the prince with three treasures are only in the fairy tale. Now that we are awake, we will not go to the country in the fairy tale to live in. In front of us, a wider world emerges from the depths of the fog. Let us go out from this world of roses and fountains together. A wider world! More ugly, more beautiful, ――a bigger fairy tale world! We do not know if what is waiting for us in that world is suffering or fun. We just know that we are going into that world like a brave corps of soldiers.
[# End of indentation here]
[# Raise one letter from the ground] (December 1918)



Bottom book: "Complete Works of Ryunosuke Akutagawa 5" Chikuma Bunko, Chikuma Shobo
Issued the first print on February 24, 1987 (Showa 62)
Issued the 6th edition on April 10, 1995 (Heisei 7)
Parent of the bottom book: "Complete Works of Chikuma Shuban Ryunosuke Akutagawa Complete Works" Chikuma Shobo
Published from March to November 1971 (Showa 46)
Input: j.utiyama
Proofreading: Tarao Bannai
Created January 5, 2004
Revised November 4, 2010
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
