Three reasons
Ryunosuke Akutagawa

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Apple "Apple"

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) One person |

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) [# 3 indentation]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

[# 3 indentation] [# middle heading] I. Why did Faust meet the devil? [# End of middle heading]

Faust was serving God. Therefore, the apple was always the "fruit of wisdom" for him. Every time he saw an apple, he remembered paradise, Adam and Eve.
However, one afternoon after the snow, Faust remembered an oil painting while looking at the apple. It was a watery oil painting of colors in a large cathedral somewhere. Therefore, since this time, the apple has transformed into a modern "still life" in addition to the old "fruit of wisdom".
Faust had never eaten an apple, probably because of his reverence. However, on a stormy night, I suddenly felt hungry and decided to bake an apple and eat it. The apple has also turned into food for him since this time. So every time he saw an apple, he remembered the Ten Commandments of Moose, thought about the formulation of oil paints, and felt his stomach ringing.
Finally, on a chilly morning, Faust suddenly discovered that apples were also a commodity for merchants while looking at them. In fact, if it was sold twelve, it must have become a piece of silver. The apple, of course, has turned into money for him since this time.
On a cloudy afternoon, Faust was thinking about an apple in a dim study. What exactly is an apple? -It was a problem that he couldn't solve as easily as he used to. He was sitting at his desk and one day he was talking about this mystery.
"What exactly is an apple?"
Then, a thin black dog came into the study from somewhere. Not only that, when the dog shuddered, he immediately turned into a knight and politely gave Faust a timely sword. -
Why did Faust meet the devil? -That's exactly what I wrote before. However, meeting the devil is not the fifth act of Faust's tragedy. On a cold evening, Faust walked through a busy city, discussing apple issues with the knightly demon. Then, one thin child was pulling the hand of his poor mother with tears in his face.
"Let's buy that apple!"
The devil rested for a moment and pointed this child to Faust.
"Look at that apple. It's a tool for torture."
Faust's tragedy finally began to raise the curtain of the fifth act to these words.

[# 3 indentation] [# middle heading] 2. Why did Solomon meet the Queen of Sheba only once? [# End of middle heading]

Solomon met the Queen of Sheba only once in her lifetime. It wasn't because the Queen of Sheba was in a distant country. Tarshish ships and Hiram ships carry gold and silver, ivory, monkeys and peacocks once every three years. However, Solomon's messenger camel never went to the land of Shiva through the hills and deserts surrounding Jerusalem.
Solomon was the only one in the back of the palace today. Solomon's heart was lonely. The Moabites, Ammonians, Edmiites, Sidonites, Hittites, etc., did not comfort his princesses. He was thinking of the Queen of Sheba, whom he met once in his lifetime.
The Queen of Sheba was not a beautiful woman. Not only was he older than him. However, he was a rare talented woman. Solomon felt a leap in his mind every time he asked and answered the woman. It was a joy I had never felt when discussing the secrets of horoscopes with any magician. He must have wanted to talk to the majestic Queen of Sheba twice or three times-or even for the rest of his life.
However, Solomon was also afraid of the Queen of Sheba at the same time. It was because he lost his wisdom while meeting the woman. At least his pride was to make it indistinguishable from his wisdom or the wisdom of a woman. Solomon had a collection of princesses such as Moabites, Ammonians, Edmi, Sidons, and Hittites. But they were, after all, his spiritual slaves. Solomon secretly looked down on them, even when they caressed them. But only the Queen of Sheba could sometimes warp and make himself a slave to her.
Solomon must have been afraid to become her slave. However, he must have been pleased on the one side. This contradiction has always been an unnamed pain for Solomon. He often breathed thickly on the large ivory throne, where he erected a pure gold lion. The breath could also turn into a lyric poem in some way.
[# Indent two characters from here]
Among the boys of my loved ones
There is an apple in the forest tree.
…………………………………………
The flag that flutters over me is love.
Begging, to supplement my power with Nanjira dried grapes "Hoshibudau".
Give yourself strength with an apple.
I'm sick because of love.
[# End of indentation here]
One day, Solomon climbed up to the balcony of the palace and looked far west. Of course, the country where the Queen of Sheba lived must have been invisible. It gave Solomon something close to peace of mind. But at the same time, his heart also gave him something close to sadness.
Suddenly, the illusion revealed a beast that no one had ever seen in the light of the setting sun. The beast had spread its wings and had two heads, similar to a lion. And one of them was the Queen of Sheba's head, and the other was his own head. Both of my heads were biting and weeping mysteriously. After floating for a while, the illusion disappeared into the air immediately with the sound of the wind. After that, there was only a row of bright, silver-chain-like clouds fluttering diagonally.
Solomon was still standing on the balcony even after the illusion disappeared. The meaning of the illusion was clear. Even if it was something that no one but Solomon knew.
After the night in Jerusalem, young Solomon was drinking grape liquor with many princesses and servants. All the cups and plates he used were made of pure gold. But Solomon wasn't willing to laugh or talk as usual. I just felt a strangely stuffy feeling of emotion that I didn't know until today.
[# Indent two characters from here]
The crimson "Kurena" of the safflower "Saffron" is blamed.
Don't blame the scent of Keishi.
But I'm sad.
The safflower is too red.
Katsura is too fragrant.
[# End of indentation here]
Solomon sang like this while scratching a large lyre. Not only did she constantly shed tears. His song was full of agitation investigations that didn't look like him. The princesses and their servants all looked at each other. But no one asked Solomon what the song meant. When Solomon finally finished singing, he hung his crowned head and closed his eyes for a while. Then-then suddenly smiled and talked to the princesses and servants as usual.
Tarshish ships and Hiram ships brought gold and silver, ivory, monkeys and peacocks once every three years. However, Solomon's messenger camel never went to the land of Shiva through the hills and deserts surrounding Jerusalem.

[# 3 indentation] [# middle heading] 3 Why did Robinson keep a monkey? [# End of middle heading]

Why did Robinson have a monkey? It was because I wanted to see his caricature in his eyes. I am well aware. Robinson, holding a gun, was holding his knees in his shabby trousers and always looking at the monkey with a terrifying smile. A monkey looking up at the sky in melancholy with a lead-colored frown.



Bottom book: "Complete Works of Showa Literature, Volume 1" Shogakukan
May 1, 1987 (Showa 62) First edition first print issued
Parent of the bottom book: "Complete Works of Ryunosuke Akutagawa, Eighth Volume" Iwanami Shoten
Issued on March 22, 1978 (Showa 53)
First appearance: "Sunday Mainichi 6th Year No. 15"
Issued on April 1, 1927 (Showa 2)
Input: j.utiyama
Proofreading: Tarao Bannai
Published January 5, 2004
Revised February 25, 2016
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
