Aquatic plants
Juran Hisao

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Guksu Ishitei << Doctor Sekite >>

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) [# With ground] (<Jewelry> January 1947 issue announced)
-------------------------------------------------- -----

Around 10 o'clock in the morning, a haiku friend, Guksu Ishitei, came over with green onions and beer.
"You have a strange face. What's wrong?"
"I can't sleep in my ears when I drop the water in the pond at Tasaka. It's already three nights."
"That killed me too. He said he would dry the pond into a field."
"That's fine, but what's that beer?"
"I'm going to have a drink with a duck. I'm sure Hiru is going to twist it."
The duck of Tasaka couldn't go through the floodgate and ruin the field, so it's a story that he would lure him out and twist it.
It was said that Ishitei had a difficult relationship with Tasaka's only daughter, and her stepmother secretly met them in the garden, but when she returned to work, the wind changed completely and she hid her. I heard rumors that I missed it or missed it. I thought that such annoyance was also helping me a lot.
"I attached a loach to the hook and asked him to do it, and I treated it with a scalpel on the spot. I did it well in Central China."
While saying such a thing, the hips went out, but it was hard to come back.
Yesterday, the maid of Tasaka came and killed a duck and sank into the bush, but if she didn't feel like it, she left a big wing. It was. I thought that it wouldn't be easy for a duck in Tasaka to be killed by someone yesterday and to be squeezed by Ishitei again today. Placed on the edge of the rim. It is an eerie thing with hair that is like a ball.
"What is that?"
"Something like this came out of a duck's stomach. Well, take a look."
Ishitei laughed like a squeak and squeezed the sword with his fingers and picked up a small jade earring.
"Because this is Hisako's earrings, her hair is probably Hisako. The stepmother killed Hisako and sank it in the pond, and the duck struck and left it in her stomach."
"You said great things."
"No, that reminds me. About two months ago, I came to pick up Polymos tablets because my stepmother was tired, but since he is a new drug enthusiast, how to use arsenous acid in Polymos tablets? I know that properly. "
Whether or not the duck eats humans is a very suspicious story, but if the corpse is sunk in the pond, the pond cannot be dried. I thought that something was wrong these days, but it seems that it shouldn't be a problem, and while I was looking at my face, I heard a phrase from Ishitei recently.
"Summer pillow" Natsumakura "with cold aquatic plants"
Suddenly, I asked him about it.
"I have a lot of ducks in Tasaka."
"No, it's one. You wouldn't always think that one duck would make you feel like you're on your feet. It's well done.
"It's scary."
When I thought that this was like Ishitei confessing, I could see the fascinating dead face of my daughter lying quietly with dark aquatic plants as a pillow.
[# With ground] (<Jewelry> January 1947 issue announced)



Bottom book: "Complete Works of Japanese Detective Novels 8 Juran Hisao" Sogen Suiri Bunko, Tokyo Sogensha
Issued the first print on October 31, 1986 (Showa 61)
March 31, 1989 (Heisei 1) 4th edition
First appearance: "Jewelry"
January 1947 (Showa 22) issue
Input: Takashi Kawayama
Proofreading: Hiroshi Kadota, Shigeo Kobayashi
Created December 12, 2007
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
