There is doubt in the model boy
Ango Sakaguchi

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

/ \: Double dance character (repeated symbol in the shape of a vertically lengthened "ku")
(Example) Heto / \
* Double the dance character with dakuten is "/" \ "
-------------------------------------------------- -----

During the war, both sides of my house became dormitories for the munitions company, one for the 189-year-olds in the countryside, and the other for the ordinary munitions company. Eight boys are trained. Fifty are well trained by youth school students, and according to military rules, they give orders from waking up to going to bed. It is said that all of them wake up and wait outdoors. However, the 78 people sometimes bring back alcohol and sing, get drunk and sing, and even if the alarm sounds, they never wake up and leave the lights on. Because I keep it, someone in the neighborhood always yells at me. He was a bad boy worker who was hated, such as hitting a wall in the neighborhood and using it as fuel, and thieves in the home garden.
This area is also a factory area in Tokyo, and it has been suffering from bombs as well as incendiary attacks. In Tokyo, the mansion town ends up in a burnt field overnight, but we were hit by bombs before it was burned, and even after it was burned, incendiary bombs were scattered and bombs were repeated. It was sprinkled with sardines, and it was meticulously done, and it was sick and disgusting.
However, the fifty excellent workers were not useful at all, and even if an incendiary bomb fell to the next house and a fire broke out, they would just look at it, and from then on, they would be alerted. , When it comes to an air raid warning, each person carries all his property on his back and runs away quietly. It runs away with a command. The dormitory is Garandou.
We have about 30 unburned houses in the middle of the burnt field. The reason why this was left unburned was that the 78 bad boys in the example stepped on and extinguished it in the middle of the fierce fire. It was a windless day when we were killed, so if there was someone who stepped on his life, he could have erased it, but in the previous example, he was afraid of dying, so he escaped without erasing it. The bad boys' group saved only our small district because it became a beautifully burned field of Senri Ichibo.
After that, our area, which was left unburned, was hit by incendiary bombs for two hours again, and there were fifty kilograms of incendiary bombs in the two houses before and after me, and a total of 230 large and small incendiary bombs. It was raining. Erase one, one more. I erased it, dropped it, and blew it for two hours. I was so tired of it that I couldn't move because I was so tired that I couldn't help myself.
Behind me was a direct hit of fifty kilometers, and at one point one house was in the sea of fire, but it was erased by Takashi-kun, who lived with me, and twenty boys. Originally, he was a left-handed official, but he was a craftsman of Edo kid, so even if he was recruited, he couldn't comply with the company rules and complained, and he was a very bad worker. However, when it came to Isa, it was a pine tree, and he jumped into the burning pine tree. We're the ones who sprinkle water from the outside, but this boy rushes into the matsuta, pokes, kicks, and loosens the center of the fire like Ashura, so with 45 people Anyway, I processed this. For the next two hours, my house was left unburned again by the boy's assault on the flesh of the boy's slaughter.
My friend was Hirosuke Oi, and his house was in the neighborhood of Shinjuku Gyoen National Garden, but a student from the Uchihara Training Center went to Tokyo and camped next to it. However, during the air raid on May 13th, the area was out of the main target of the attack that night, but only one of them aimed at this, and the fire broke out. Then, all the students at Uchihara Training Center escaped to Shinjuku Gyoen National Garden, and for that reason they couldn't be extinguished by the incendiary bombs, and they burned about ten houses. Later, the Tonarigumi tampered with Uchihara's students, but in response to this, he confusedly answered that we could not live in such a place because we had a mission to live outside. Sauda. This is the reason for the thief to be three-thirds, and the person who cannot be blamed for the urgent punishment that is struck in front of him cannot be punished in any urgent manner. Even if the model boy in the countryside is a master of the mouth, and even if he is a master of the military style by imitating a monkey only in discipline, there is no such thing as training of the soul of the ego. When I go there, the bad boys in Tokyo usually do things cheeky, hateful and selfish without being disciplined, but when it comes to it, I abandon myself for the sake of others, so I am this I knew the goodness of a bad boy who was created in the war. And I was keenly aware that the model boy in the countryside, who does not know to insist on what he is strangely disciplined, is the most inevitable human imitation.
I can't always claim my likes and dislikes, and I'm glad to be praised for saying "high / \" like a trained dog. I was keenly aware that it was a dog-like existence.



Bottom book: "Ango Sakaguchi Complete Works 04" Chikuma Shobo
May 22, 1998 (Heisei 10) First edition first print issued
Parent of the original: "Youth Culture Volume 2 No. 1" Soseisha
Issued on January 1, 1947 (Showa 22)
First appearance: "Youth Culture Vol. 2, No. 1" Soseisha
Issued on January 1, 1947 (Showa 22)
Input: tatsuki
Proofreading: Junichi Miyamoto
Created May 5, 2006
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
