Things before cotton
Kunio Yanagita
-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]
"":ruby
(Example) Haiku << Haikai >>
｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) No. 2 | Son "Musuko"
[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Numbers are JIS X 0213 area area number or Unicode, base page and number of lines)
(Example) * [# "Wood + Product", Level 3 1-85-89]
/ \: Double dance character (repeated symbol in the shape of a vertically lengthened "ku")
(Example) Hachi / \
* Double the dance character with dakuten is "/" \ "
-------------------------------------------------- -----
[# 4 indentation] Self-order [# "Self-order" is a big heading]
Until now, it was thought that women and haiku had nothing to do with each other. However, in the literature that has been handed down in Japan since ancient times, there is no other literature that observes, portrays, and sympathizes with various women as freely as this. It is said that there are only stories that do not matter to women in the past and present, but they are all the relationship between the first-class good man "Kajin" and a talented child, or at least a selected man and woman. It was a solid story. On the other hand, the haiku is nothing but a person who is nothing but a swordsman who is extremely ordinary, and even more advanced, a beggar, a thief, and a wife of a thief. That is why I am trying to think about it. In history, women of the kind called "Amashogun" and "Yodo" are rarely working in "rare", and the happiness of the country is influenced by this. I have been told, but it is unavoidable that there were few women who became interested in history by considering these people as my companions. The feeling of trying to look at the rear view by swinging around did not occur in the passing between the woman and history. Not everyone can tell the story of all the predecessors, even in the novel. There was no renku left, and I was trying to pick it up and blame it. It's not too unaware that women are usually rumored about themselves, but strangely, only haiku was apathetic. As you know, the cause is that haiku inherits the law of the renga "brick", and the six phrases in the first table "Omotenashi" do not matter to women as much as possible, and especially love is not dealt with. And then, it was only the first phrase that was being appreciated as a haiku today. Seeing all the serious old men going in and out of the storefront, I peeked at what was useless for women and what was in the back. It is no wonder that there were many people who passed by without even trying to see it, but in fact, the history of the red-purple "Koshi" woman was drawn in the shadow of the goodwill. Those who believe that this myriad of 2,000-year-old mothers and sisters have silently participated in history must quote haiku to explain this. Then, I learned this from haiku again if I confessed the strategy of inviting people to new curiosity with this unexpected knowledge.
"Seven parts" has been my favorite book for thirty years. I asked for directions and read the haiku of this era, which has recently been printed. When I take a note of those occasional memories and look at them side by side, I find myself interested in the fact that most of them were women's problems. That's why I decided to add a few related sentences to make a book. Most of the time, I talked to people or talked to a gathering, but it was just a copy, so the form of expression changed little by little depending on the type and age of the listener, and the sentences were also quite uneven. There is. That is one reason why this book was not titled "Women's Reader".
Or I feel like I'm going to get criticism from someone for being a man, but in fact I have four girls, four grandchildren, and all four are women. There was, and often is, the need to think about the next era with them, or from that standpoint. If this is a problem that can only be used by a single family, then such research cannot be called an academic discipline, but fortunately our circumstances are such that quite a lot of contemporaries are involved. It seems to be representative. What is desirable here is harmful in the other side, and even if it is wisdom and enlightenment for one side, it is wrong for those who are suspicious in the other side. If you compare each other's feet, it is believed that there is almost no concern that it may lead to. This kind of experience must be distributed. Therefore, we only explain to people that research that starts from our own suspicions is not considered to be a little selfish, or rather that there is no use in the foreground. They look down on the profession they are trying to hear. In this way, I understand that Japan must have its own academic discipline. What remains in the haiku may be a small life, but it has been neglected until now. Things belong to the past, but are still new knowledge. And then again, it is the seed of the current suspicion. I am the only one who wants to give something that is not an old man to those who are going to live in Japan.
[# 2 indentation] [# 1 step small character] April 1945 [# end of small character]
[# Breaking]
[# 3 indentation] Things before cotton [# "Things before cotton" is a big heading]
[# 5 indentation] 1 [# "1" is the middle heading]
There are three places in the "Tsukiai" that are attached to the "Seven Parts Collection" that use the phrase "Fuzei" of cotton "Momen". And I don't call it cotton, but I think that's the same for the next passage of "Sumidawara".
[# Indent 3 characters from here]
"Happiness" of "Yome", which is similar to "Bun", "Rigyu"
Red "Beni" Ukon dyed in a gentle work "Saiku" Momoko "Torin"
Yuzuki 《Yuzuki》, Yaba 《Yaba》
[# End of indentation here]
It is a really beautiful phrase 《Kugara》. The second bride, who is supposed to split up in the near future, came to the place of his son, Musuko, for the first time. It's said that he's wearing a turmeric-dyed turmeric-dyed kimono that blurs the crimson, so it seems that it's been a long time, so this is a new cotton kimono that is constantly attached. There will be. The next appendix, "Tsukuku," changes this to an example of a haiku, and when the sun rises on a sunny day, the moon rises and the sky is still red. , I drew a scene in which the spear and the spear that came from the other side clearly emerged against the background of the sky, and received the "red ukon dyed in craftsmanship". On the contrary, the same love phrase is treated lonely in the instep chapter of the turtle "Kame" in "Hisago".
[# Indent 3 characters from here]
On a lightly cloudy day, get rid of frost and frost. Otokuni, especially.
Bowl 《Hachi》 Ihi training 《Nara》 Voice does not come out 《Chinseki》
Dyeed cotton 袷 "Momen-ai" gray color Sato "Rito"
Chosen "Yo" and cold light "Ake" Bono "Tanshi"
[# End of indentation here]
The two phrases before this one are "Shinbochi", which is a new idea of ​​the original intention, goes out to the town on a winter day and plays Dhutanga, but he is still unfamiliar with it. The voice of "Hachi / \" does not come out. Originally like a young man of a good family, there seems to be something small, and the first cotton song that was dyed with great care is dyed in a rat color, regardless of color. At the same time, when I was reminded of the hydrangea that entered the Buddhist gate with a young soul, I immediately referred to this in the appendix of "after" as the body of Utabioka Nun of that era. I moved to the pity of too much. It has been a long time since cotton began to be used in Japan, but even so, at the beginning of the Genroku of Basho, even the people of Edo were cotton. Speaking of which, it was the practice of immediately reminiscing about such an elegant life.
[# 5 indentation] Two [# "two" is the middle heading]
It can be easily imagined that the influence of cotton on our lives was far greater than that of the yarn seater and the so-called muslin that preceded it. Nowadays, the changes in clothing are endless, and there is no need to stick to one item, and it is normal to shift tastes one after another, but simple old Japanese people use cotton. If so, I didn't have anything else to put on my skin other than Azabu. What I liked about young cotton people was at least two things, besides the new epidemic. First of all, it feels soft to the touch, and for men and women who work in Noyama, silk is distant and too smooth and I want to make it a little soft. The softness and the pleasantness of friction were rather superior to cotton. Secondly, various dyeings are easy, and I used to think that it was a privilege of the silk class, but cotton was also dyed in any flashy color pattern according to our taste. Then, when the second import of the woven fabric was effective enough to spread, the work was much easier than hemp, with a slight change. I was able to weave this with the handicrafts of the houses. For that reason, if the government wants it, it doesn't matter, Ise, Yamato, Kawachi, and the coast of the Seto Inland Sea, the vast flat land becomes a sword and the fruit of the sword. By the time the peaches blew, I felt that the moonlit night suddenly became beautiful. Various furniture related to hemp thread for 2,000 years became unnecessary, and later the name was forgotten, and then the number of dye shops "Someya" increased in the village, and the houses were striped. Named the book "Shimacho", we collected samples of the rare striped pattern "Shimagara" to compete, and the hobbies and techniques of the people involved in the machine "Hata" have progressed remarkably in a short time. Moreover, before the development of the striped cotton, it seems that the era of dyeing plain fabrics in various ways and wearing them with joy has continued for a while.
[# 5 indentation] Three [# "three" is the middle heading]
It seems that not only the color but also the appearance of the person wearing it has changed significantly as a whole. The women's circles created by cotton clothing had the characteristic of being both silk and linen. On top of that, if the weight of the skirts disappears and the batting can be put in a lot, the shoulders and hips of another type will be rounded. The whole thing was free to stretch and contract, and the dexterity appeared more clearly than before. However, only in the summer, the glue of the single garment is strengthened, or the glue is struck with the batting board, leaving a slight impression of the old linen kimono. However, it seems that it is gradually neglected at this time. Our conservatism was, so to speak, just an imitation of the hobby of 570 years ago. While doing that, all the immediate stretched outside lines of the previous hemp disappeared, and the so-called stroking shoulders and willow waist became quite normal now. It has been done. Even more hidden fluctuations are happening inside us. In other words, the pleasant pressure of light and plump clothing made the skin of ordinary people more sensitive. It made the growth of chest hair and back hair unnecessary, and increased the familiarity between the body and clothing. In other words, we became more anxious about the naked form. On the one hand, red, green, and purple, which I had thought to be only visible to the eye, came closer to nature and belonged to each person. The movements of the heart quickly took shape, and people became even more beautiful than they used to be, whether they sang or cried. In other words, the fact that the taste of life has become darker without knowing it due to the adoption of cotton is that even we who used to wear rough swords are covered with fur. It was the same for the Westerners who were.
However, in Japan, there was another power of Setomono, which helped and encouraged the same changes. Shiraki's bowl was distorted and dirty from the day he started using it, and sooting with water was just a relief. The incense of the wabi-sabi of the small house was also the scent of this wooden vessel if you traced the source. In the case of rice, a white and quiet thing with a light came in with a value of about 2 or 3 go. The true Enso, which used to belong to the territory of religion, could be seen in the morning and evening hands with a bowl. There is no reason for this to stop without contributing to the commoner's culture. Just as the old nobleman enjoyed the sound of the ball, the ghostly sound of the pottery that hits the front teeth with a click, and the beautiful sake cup with cranes and wakamatsu. Some of the joys of Sakazuki were forgotten. It was also the time when it became a new happiness that could be easily distributed to the depths of poor sooted houses, at almost no cost, and in this respect he saw linen for cotton. We are getting more unconditional profits than we were abandoned. Moreover, we no longer remember the joy because it was not the benefit of any number of people. Even though it was a coincidence, some people even thought of today's new civilization, which has a very certain foundation, or even if Admiral Perry came with it. is there.
[# 5 indentation] 4 [# "4" is the middle heading]
In a sense, the fact that the power of cotton was difficult to resist is very similar to that of sweet potatoes. Without this potato, the domestic food would be exhausted, and before the population was full as it is now, we wouldn't go out and ask for a life. I wouldn't have been able to enter. There must have been far more people who brave the peasants in need and die or prosper in the sea. However, as long as the potatoes came, I made and ate them, and once I ate them, I thought that I would be full and live with them, and it became easier for me to endure the poverty. By the way, it is impossible even if a person is a god to count the whole happiness and unhappiness of the distant future and reject the temptation of sweet and soft food in the immediate future. There wasn't a big discount on cotton happiness, but if it did, we would be happy to get it. It is also a very natural choice for those with individual survival. Even after a long time, or even if you find an unbearable bad result, you cannot blame your ancestors for their disrespect. However, one thing that can be learned from their experience is that in the human world, which is dominated by various chances, we cannot be relieved that the progress is always heading for good. A country that appears as if trees grow and water flows down, even in a powerful epidemic where nothing can be blocked, where everyone goes to the end. Even with the change of, if you think quietly, there may be a loss. I don't regret it because I don't notice the loss, and even if I regret it, I don't have any regrets. It comes to us. The world is in such a way that it cannot be dealt with by the power of one person.
[# 5 indentation] 5 [# "5" is the middle heading]
Teacups and plates, small bowls, and small bowls gave light to the dark kitchen and taught that cleanliness was white, but on the other hand, it was difficult to learn that things could be easily broken. There is. The guilty of cotton was or was a little heavier. First of all, he is dusting the world. The funny thing is that the Japanese before cotton complained about the suffering of the dust of the human world and left many songs saying that they were happy to be far away. After it was no longer in fashion, rather scary dust attacked us. Even before the earthquake made this big city a barracks, the boulevard, which had only a shape, was only used for ventilation, and it was turned into Yagen and ruts powdered soil and horse manure. Crush into. This alone is enough for the dust outside, but more closely in the house, the cotton dust occupies the gap, and if it is swept out, it will come back with another friend. .. Even if the rainwater is washed away and sent to the sea river, it will be only a small part of what is accumulated every day. No matter how familiar you are, you can't help but accumulate your body and soul. In Nishinotani, Echizen, men went to a mine in the distance, and women were too young to go to each other. However, when I went there ten years ago, there was almost one person in Mitsudo, and a blue-eyed daughter came back and was hanging around. There is no doubt that dust can weaken the lungs and make them more susceptible to illness, if not directly harmful. What's more, if the change is rapid, such as from a mountain village to a factory, I will be aware of it, but I think that the world has been full of dust as it is now since 500 years and 1000 years ago. 》 There will be many people. Even if new dust from blankets and muslin is added, the tatami mats are still laid out as before, and cotton and rags are fluttered on top of them.
[# 5 indentation] 6 [# "6" is the middle heading]
However, I think we can't help but dispose of the dust anymore. Even worse than that is the obstacle to heat dissipation. It is not always said that he has become accustomed to it, even until recently, hemp is still used only in the summer, and most of the cotton is thick and textured. Orime wasn't hand-woven, so it was still easy to communicate with the outside air, but what will happen in the future? Sweat must be designed to come out in order to dry and cool. In the heat of a humid island country, it is difficult to evaporate even if you are naked, but why do we imitate the custom of wrapping your body tightly with fine-grained twill and keeping it moist? Did you feel like imitating? From now on, as we move southward, people who have grown up on the dry Scandinavian continent in the summer like Japan on any of the islands are usually closed and unable to work. In the meantime, we were the only ones who managed to continue a lively life in the past, but if Aiko's clothes like now become a habit, it will be a long time. I don't know if I'll see the result of having to make a summer outfit while going to the country of Tokonatsu.
[# 5 indentation] Seven [# "Seven" is the middle heading]
I don't know what kind of training can be obtained from the simple and strong spirit recommended by the government minister, but if it means to return to the life of the Japanese before cotton without any conditions. For example, the theory at least forgets this long history. About thirty years ago, in the towns of Tokyo, it was banned not only for naked bodies but also for naked bodies. Moreover, for the time being, straw shoes were still used, and the ban was merely to prevent stepping through, but today it is all rubber shoes. If not, he wears rubber-soled socks. There are dozens of factories nationwide that make and sell tens of millions of tabi socks a year. The number of feet that take grass from the paddy field gradually decreases as the kneecaps enter the paddy field. It happens that a dog's leather "Ichimaigawa" is hung on his back and he hangs his car, or like a drug dealer's daughter who comes from Echigo, he holds his waist high. Even if there is a person who walks around the metropolitan road, "Hikkyo" is a rare remnant of the world that has passed, unless there is a person who looks at it from the front, back, left and right and praises it. It's just a "nagori". For the happy new trend of the next era, we must think differently based on the psychology of the people. Are we the only ones who think that a more suitable way of life remains undiscovered?
[#New Page]
[# 3 indentation] What you wore [# "What you wore" is a big headline]
[# 5 indentation] 1 [# "1" is the middle heading]
The life of the Kuge / Samurai family is often revealed on the surface of politics and is often passed down to posterity as history, but there are still many parts that are difficult to imagine. It is unavoidable that we cannot know even a part of the most common daily customs of our many unknown ancestors at that time, even if we think they are humorous. Under such circumstances, clothing and housing happen to appear in the corner of the picture scroll picture book as if they were sketches, but it is difficult to check the materials because the brush strokes are simple, and the shape is remarkable. I'm just surprised that it's different from today. One hundred years is not necessarily a long time, but even if you look at the town style "Machifu" such as genre paintings from the time of cultural bunsei, you can see a remarkable difference from today. Moreover, when it comes to paintings such as the craftsman's uta-awase, the Uta-awase is a painting that keeps a consistent way of thinking and perspectives of the past and present in an outer shape that has changed only by this. I can't help feeling that. Was the power to control things with the mind originally stronger than it is today? However, was the choice of the previous generation, or what was naturally provided, particularly fortunate, even if it was not measured? In order to clarify it, I think that I must somehow know the changes in the materials rather than the shape and formula. As with food, housing has the same materials since ancient times, and it is thought that the only thing that has changed is how it is used, but it seems that the combination is quite different. Especially in the case of clothes, things are being renewed one after another even in front of us. It's just that we still don't know what our compatriots in their teens and fifteens wore to work or rest, and no one doubts that it wasn't there now. .. Is there any way to know what it is? I'm thinking about that. Of course, there are few people who tried to write and convey it directly. However, in Japan, the situation in rural areas is different, and fortunately there are many cases in which what was changed to 夙 in one land was left for a while in another land. If you collect them and organize them in a sloppy manner, the order of so-called improvements becomes a little clearer, and you can compare it with the records of the upper world that are transmitted in the shadow again and confirm it a little. Can't you do it? I would like to recommend these methods little by little. This is a job that cannot be done if clothing changes in a short period of time like these days, but fortunately the transition of the previous generation is slow, and the nationals have also come to their parents. I had a strong desire to protect my clothes. For that reason, the so-called unopenable world still remained on one end. It's about to disappear right now.
[# 5 indentation] Two [# "two" is the middle heading]
Clothes preferences have changed significantly in the last few decades, even in front of us. Speaking of ordinary people's lives, the ugly and durable woven fabric called hand woven fabric is almost shadowed in the city, and only glossy cotton woven with so-called spun yarn is used. It even spreads to the countryside. This is a result of the decline in the cultivation of sardines in each region of the country, and the yarn spinning and cotton-rolling are no longer the hands of ordinary farmers.
Moreover, this momen cotton itself has a short history in Japan. A thousand years ago, when a Kunlun ship was washed ashore on the coast of Mikawa, it can be seen in history that there were seeds of sardines in the ship. At that time, it seems that the swords were not widely spread all over the country, and it is unlikely that the cultivation actually started in various places in 300 years, earlier than the transportation with Nanban. By this time, it seems that Japan's population was already close to 20 million. A small part of it would have been a well-meaning silk kosode with cotton cotton, but it is said that this silk has been in Japan for a long time. The production is known to be comparable to that of today's export era, and I think it was probably less than one-hundredth. In fact, the Nagasaki trade in the early Edo period was mainly aimed at purchasing silk thread from China, and the anecdote of the thread waste of Doi Oiryo no Kami was read in the reading book. The women are familiar with it because it is also listed in Yomihon. On top of that, and from any point of view of silk, it was never suitable as a kimono fee for working people.
Of course, the main material that many Japanese wore was hemp. Until the first year of the Meiji era, hemp was still widely cultivated. The world was not as careful as cotton that the cropping rebellion was steadily shrinking. The number of urban residents who wear cotton garments in the summer and do not use hemp at all throughout the year is increasing, but it is still important to note that they were still wearing them in rural areas. If you put it on, it will come out a little.
Recently, when I went to see a Kyushu paper company in Kumamoto prefecture, I had tried to ask where to supply the raw materials for paper. Of course, only straw is collected from the rural area in the vicinity, but a large amount of old 褤 褸 (Furuboro) goes through Osaka, especially from the cold region of Tohoku, especially Azabu. It was surprising that he was on his back. I didn't expect to consume hemp cloth so much in Ou, but when I listened to it, I generally wore hemp kimono even in winter. Since cotton cannot be made in cold countries, a large amount of used cotton clothing "Momenfurugi" is imported from Kansai and used for non-permanent "ordinary", but in winter, hemp is used on top of it. I went to Kyushu and learned that there is a wind that can catch a half-strand. Azabu hits the underwear cold and seems unsuitable for cold weather, but in fine snowy lands it is still inconvenient to wear cotton that is easily soaked in water. So to speak, instead of our rain cloak, we wore linen cloth to clear the snow.
[# 5 indentation] Three [# "three" is the middle heading]
However, these days, the amount of linen cloth has gradually decreased, so it is difficult to obtain and it has become expensive. Instead, put together a number of old cotton cloth pieces, stab them finer and tighter than a rag, and look like they are wearing a cover instead of linen. I also saw all the elementary school students wearing this cotton cloth when I was in a mountain village in Yuri-gun, Ugo. Originally, the raw material for this jacket was probably worn-out linen stabs.
When we think of Azabu, we can only think of a top cloth that costs 20 yen, but even if it is such a top cloth that has become a tribute or a product, From the beginning, the constant winter clothes in Tohoku and other areas were not such delicate ones. A small amount of elaborate stuff is woven exclusively for sale, and each one is thick and heavy, and it is very sturdy, similar to using it as a mosquito net or a tatami mat edge. It was a mosquito net, which is usually called "this". The woven cotton is also momen, and the thread is also called "kana", and it is not called "ito". In other words, hemp was the only ordinary cloth and thread. Of that "Manyo"
[# 3 indentation] Asai "Goromo" If you come, the younger sister "Kuni" of the nostalgic "Kuni" "Imo" The younger sister "Wagimo" who hemps on the mountain
I was impressed that people in the sky of the trip wore this cloth and thought of the people who made hemp in their hometown of Yamazato. On the one hand, hemp work generally means that it was already a woman's labor from the time of sowing, and inferred from Mai, there is still some other kind of clothing. It is possible to think from this song of Isshu that the raw material existed.
When I was traveling in a mountain village from Tosa to Awa, I noticed that wearing Azabu Azabu is much more popular in this region than in Togoku. I asked people what to call this brown-dyed cloth, but in general it seemed to be tough now. Along with Higo's Gokasho, Awa's Iyayama, which was famous as a hidden village in the mountains, all the small people's houses are bamboo baskets. It was a story that he was a child of "ko" and lived in this toughness throughout the summer and winter at that time. Some people write tough as "tafu", but in fact, the kanji that should be addressed accurately is still unknown today. However, I think that I am probably the only one of Takubusuma. Taku was another piece of clothing that was not hemp in the old language. I think that hemp was one of the other tree types, even though it was made from the fibers of the plant bark, just like hemp. In "Suruga Kuni | Shinfudoki", which was created during the Koka year, there is a cloth called "Shinzo" in Fuchu, that is, the current product of Shizuoka City. Weaving in the mountains of Abe, weaving with the skin of Kozo as a thread, and weaving with Fuji. " I'm not sure if the cloth on the right was a taxi and a kun, or even if it was called tough, but at least in addition to cotton and linen, there are examples of weaving clothes with fibers around this time. It is clear that it was also there.
[# 5 indentation] 4 [# "4" is the middle heading]
It was a general life technique for Yamamura to weave a cloth with the skin of wisteria vines and make it a regular dress. To give a few examples, in the same area of ​​Umechi, Higashikawane-mura, Shida-gun, in the same country, weaving wisteria cloth and wearing it on old cotton clothes is "Suruga | It also looks like "Ryo". Other than that | This wisteria cloth was generally used in the villages upstream of the Abe River and the Warashina River. Also, in Yamato's Totsukawa, it was difficult to make hemp, and he wore a new cloth woven from wisteria. It can be seen in the play record "Hanyuuyoroku". In Akinaka-mura, Kuga-gun, Yamaguchi Prefecture, Oaza | Akigake, etc., "Crush the wisteria and weave it into a thread-like spun cloth, and use it for Momohiki, etc." "Aimochi", "Sorou Koto", "and" Suo Fudoki "". Also, in "Hoki", Fujiori is listed as a product of Saihaku-gun, Higashi-Nagata Village and other mountain villages. In "Kitayuki", which was in the fourth year of culture, there was a person who woven Fujiori into an industry even between Taira and Yumoto in Fukushima Prefecture. It was not used as a raw material for clothing, but was mainly supplied to make the edges of tatami mats. It is the work of a woman in the spring, and the method is to peel the wisteria, soak it in water for 45 days, add the ashes of hardwood, boil it for a while, and boil it in the river. It is also stated that bleaching and handling is the same as hemp.
Fuji was originally a general term for all Kazurari, and was not necessarily limited to a type of wisteria that hangs purple flowers. As people know, Kuzui-ji Temple in Kawachi is read as Fujiidera. In the old wisteria cloth, instead of purple wisteria, for example, Fujigoromo, which was used for your mourning dress, was woven with another kind of kudzu fiber. It may have been. If you look at "Hokuetsu miscellaneous notes", all the wisteria cloths around Kajisho in Kitakanbara-gun are scraps, that is, kudzu that opens crimson flowers in autumn. It was made from the skin of waste, and was mainly made and sold for hakama and kamishimo. When playing Kemari, the hakama is always the kudzu cloth, and the Kakegawa region of Enshu has long been famous as the source of the hakama. Even now, there are many decorations for paper, shoji, and folding screens that use the sword, but they are gradually becoming less used as a material for clothing.
[# 5 indentation] 5 [# "5" is the middle heading]
Although I am very ignorant about plants, I know that the bark of a tree called China can also make cloth. In Tohoku, China is usually called a Madano tree, and the sackcloth woven with it is called Madanuno. In the "Ezo Industrial Illustrated", the Ainu make and wear the bark of halibut or hot tree, which is a private house in Oshu, and weave the bark of this Chinese bark and weave it. He claims to have conveyed this wind, just as he wears it when doing farming and other brute force. In the mountain village of Shinshu, weaving a thick cloth like kudzu cloth into a bag to put grains in, and making a bag with a reddish black color like a 棕櫚, the raw material is I'm still not sure that it's the bark of this Chinese tree, which is unprecedented in other countries, in the book "Jikuro-kun", but the bag for rice is also made in other places. There is a person called a bag, and the name comes from the name of the wood used as the material, and the Shinano cloth, which can be seen in the tribute of "Engi-shiki", is also this. The book's theory that it would have been cloth is worth listening to. Both "* [#" wood + goods ", 3rd level 1-85-89]" and "class" are written in kanji, but China is basically because this bark is tough and supple. There has been a long-standing theory that the country name Shinano is also based on the name. It is said that Shinshu no longer offered it to clothes, but until recently there was a wholesaler in Fukushima, Kiso, and the tough ones that were actively sent to the Kansai region are nowadays so-called Kiso. Even if it is limited to Mai, at least the name originated from the fact that other plant fibers were woven, and there was a time when it was not limited to bags and furoshiki. I think it's enough to guess something.
Actually, in the same region, the thread of Ira was used as a material for clothes, as stated in the "Shinano Kisatsuroku" published during the cultural year. Ira was also written as "Inukaramushi" and "Urticaria" and was a wild plant in the mountains. It belongs to the same genus as Rummy, which people often say these days. It is cut after the equinox in autumn, peeled like hemp, and pulled on a thread, so in Kiso, it is said that there is a haunting of the mountain god in front of the autumn equinox. Did not go to. The same grass was originally the only clothing not only in the mountain village of Kiso, but also in the village of Akiyama in the very mountains of the northern corner of Shinshu | Echigozakai. In Akiyama, instead of being irritated, it is called Oro, and it is mainly used to make something like a half-sleeveless sword, which is used on old clothes in winter and naked in summer. It means that he wore. Looking at Akiyama's article in "Hokuetsu Yukifu", there were only two houses with nightwear in this mountain village. The nightwear is a cloth woven with Oro, and the cotton is also filled with Oro's scraps, and it is only put out to the guests to wear. It is said that the people of the house go inside the straw and sleep beside the furnace, and the situation is properly drawn in the picture.
[# 5 indentation] 6 [# "6" is the middle heading]
It is almost clear from the above facts that toughness is by no means the only name for Azabu, but there is still some evidence from another direction. In counties such as Awa's Miyoshi, Mima, and Kaifu, tough production is produced everywhere in Yamamura. The book "Awashi" states that it is "Aranuno", which is made by weaving the bark of a grain tree or the bark of kudzu or wisteria.
[# 3 indentation] Ama, a seaman who visits Fujie no Ura to Ara, and a trip to see me
If you see the old song, you can see that the wakame seaweed of Nigitahe Aratahe, which was written in ancient words as "wafu" and "wakame seaweed", was also made by Fuji. Or, when you see that this taku fusuma is used for the white makurakotoba, which is also called "Takubusuma", Silla "land", etc. It was probably worn without dyeing, and like the so-called raw hemp "Kiasa" today, it seems that the properties of the fibers were not suitable for dyeing.
Or, in the song of "Suserihime no Mikoto" in "Kamidai Maki", there is also "Mushibusuma Juu" Niko "ya underneath, Takubusu Masayagu underneath". Whereas the worm's crab is a bedding that gently hits the skin, this taku's crab seems to have been a scary cotton nightwear with glue, or even more. However, Musibusuma, which was said to be softer than this, was very stiff if it was made of urticaria. It's even rougher than that, so how old it is * [# Instead of the word "word" in "藹", "moon", 3rd level 1-91-26] The life of "joro" is said to be weak. You can see that it was the opposite of that. That's why our ancestors' skin is strong, and we can find out why we didn't know about colds.
[# 5 indentation] Seven [# "Seven" is the middle heading]
The fact that people in the old days had a strong resistance to nature in the cold and hot weather is beyond the imagination of today's Konjin, so even if hemp was worn on his bare skin and hemp was spent in the midwinter. No wonder, but I think that other than this, animal skins were probably added. Also, I would have worn many Mai and Fujii layers. As for the so-called cloth cloth, as in the case of Shinshu Akiyama, it is still possible to put these fiber scraps into the cloth like cotton. You can imagine it because it is used for it. In Akita Prefecture and elsewhere, Yubusima, or Yobusuma, is rarely left, but there was one in which the front was made of wisteria cloth and the cotton inside was made of hemp waste. Or I think that the cotton of the reeds, such as Min Sun, was hated by his stepmother, Mamahaha, and was dressed in China. At least there is no cotton cotton, and silk cotton, also known as Tsukushiwata, was hard to hope for at the house of a regular person.
In addition to Fujikatsu or "Inukaramushi", it is Kozo that seems to have been the raw material for clothing. I think that Kaji, who used the skin of grain "Kaj" as a tough raw material for "Awashi", was the current Himekauso, or even a member of this genus. This is our most important point, and it is said that the country of Awa is going to the Kanto region to promote the spread of grain trees. There is a theory that Awa in Chiba Prefecture, which is the home country, was also an ancient colony of Awa, so it may have the same name as the country. According to it, it is said that the region where Amenohiwashi was planted during the management of the eastern country was the current Yuki of Shimousa. Yuki's Yufu is a kind of fiber other than hemp, and it was long recognized that it was a grain. Kozo has a region called Kazo and Kamiso, and is now known only as a raw material for paper, but in the past, at least one of them was spun into yarn and woven into cloth. It is. The use of Yufu is limited to the god festival today, and it is only a substitute, and it is not known what is the true Yufu, but the idea of ​​our ancestors is that it is common for each person to offer to God. Because I had to choose the best of the necessary items, that is, the old cotton, which was also taught by Yuff, was almost the same as the material of clothing, like the cotton of today's momen. It's obvious.
Kozo is still in the state of a semi-cultivated product, which is between the forest tree "Rinboku" and the field crop "Hatasakutsutsu", but it is still necessary to plant it in the garden "Enchi". Even if it wasn't, the mountains weren't filled enough to be freely harvested, so it seems that the production area was somewhat careful and protected. Starting with Yuki in Shimousa, the place names that mean the production areas of Yufu are distributed in the east and west of the country. For example, Yufudake, which stands to the west of Beppu Onsen in Oita Prefecture, has this name because it is the place where Yufu was collected in the anecdote of "Bungo Fudoki". It is written that it was attached. The names of today's villages or the names of the large letters "Oaza", such as Yumoto "Yumoto" and Yu "Yu" Nogi "Ki", ​​were previously protected as Yufu's collection sites. It means that Yamano later became useless as hemp field cultivation progressed and opened to become an ordinary village countryside, so I will list more than a dozen places in Musashi's only country nearby. be able to. Moreover, the reason why the number of creases decreases toward the Tohoku region is that there are also climate restrictions, and I think that it is the result of substituting Fuji, Mada, and common nettles for creases.
Tomokiyo Oyamada is a modern scholarship, but in his book "Matsuya Hikki", Musashi | Minamitama-gun Yuki "Yugi" Interpreting the place name of the village, it is said that it was the colony of Mr. Yuge, but it is still the place name of Yuki, Yuya, Yuzuen, etc. in the mountain village of the western country. It is an error that I did not realize that there are innumerable. The Yuzuen Garden was originally a field attached to a mansion, but in southern Kyushu, it is also called a mere independent Yamahata called Son or So. Anyway, it is an example of cultivating a land and cultivating a grain tree in particular, instead of collecting natural ones. The song that was sung as Yukigata in the genre of Jingibu in Senzai Wakashū, in the customs song of Daijo-sai in the second year of Kyuju, is Omi's cotton garden "Yufuzono" is used as the place name. It also shows that there was a life in that region where Yufu was made in the garden before this era, and hemp became the only commoner clothing in the central part for a long time. It's not a thing.
[#New Page]
[# 3 indentation] Old-fashioned and contemporary [# "Old-fashioned and contemporary" is a big headline]
[# 5 indentation] 1 [# "1" is the middle heading]
This topic is very old-fashioned in itself. If you try to speak in a mediocre way, it is a subject that is spoken in a mediocre way. It's a story that you can yawn before you listen. Since the days when there was no such thing as a mother-in-law who was married to a human being, or when the national languages ​​such as retired "Goinkyo" and "Wakadanna" did not occur, the two hobbies of life have already been both. They were in conflict and did not forgive each other. I heard from Professor Seis of England who came to Japan last year. In the excavation of the historic sites of Dust and "Egypt", a memorandum of a book role of the Middle Dynasty came out. It's roughly 4,000 years ago. When I translated that passage, it said something like this. According to the young people of this time, it is regrettable to leave it to their wisdom, to enjoy the wind of lightness, and to neglect the simple and sturdy style of the old people. After all, my seniors, 4,000 years later, are still saying exactly the same thing as this.
There have been people in Japan and other countries for a long time who preached the worldly season. The voice of the end of the Shopo era, "Shoboumase," has been repeated in literary arts for hundreds of years. Kyoto, as seen by the author of "Tsurezuregusa," was already a rough and vulgar degeneration. The preface of "Kokonshu" also says, "In the present world, it's more about the colors and the flowers of people's hearts." The authors of "Kogoshui" have already badly criticized the culture of the early Heiankyo period long ago. In the old days they knew, it was an irreversible and important thing, especially when the old man quietly tried to age in recollection, especially the changes in the social life around him. It's sympathetic that it seems more beautiful because of it, and that it's more valuable because it's the only one, but there's never been a world that hasn't changed, and new and old are always in conflict and compared. You can be forced. Therefore, it is known that it is not strange to see such an example on display again around this time. I'm a busy person, so I don't talk about it when asked.
What we are talking about here and thinking about is how new the so-called life improvement, that is, the planned change of the way of life, is in the world, and the ancient times of this era. It is a question of how much modern Japanese culture can be valued by countering the criticisms of the class who are anxious about their hobbies or any reforms. It is certainly a subject that an organization like you can think of at a rally like today, and once from the mouth of someone like us who is involved in the newspaper. I think it's a good story to listen to.
[# 5 indentation] Two [# "two" is the middle heading]
In any world, reactionary criticisms of new customs seem to be roughly divided into two types. One of them is based on the social moral law of "Sansei Rokugata", which we named and try to be called "Sansei Rokugata", that is, the most influential in the Edo period. There are still quite a few people who approve this, but the scale is very different. For example, there was a time when silk cloth was banned and was once punished as a crime. As it is still good, even the restrictions on rice consumption have been enforced by decree in some cases, but it is no longer "no longer" all old history, and today it is sweetened. The number of people who are crying has finally decreased. In other words, this regulation is being revised without knowing it, with a compromise between old and new.
The second is something that can be said to be aesthetic in a nutshell, that is, an observation that reminds us of a decline in hobbies, rather it tries to stand on the opposite side of the former. These two-sided attacks are quite painful and strong, but moreover, like today's life-improving theorists, be brave and aggressive, use the two weapons on the right in reverse, and be sure to change the old-fashioned. They try to insist on the inevitable reason. It's like hanging a sail on the so-called tailwind and using a motor to go down the stream. Each "good" barrel seems natural. Even from a hobby, it's better now. If this "here" is advantageous from an economic point of view, there is no basis for opposition from old-fashioned theorists.
By the way, what about the actual results? It wasn't always the theory. Various ideas were competing, and only the changes in the fashions of A and B were fierce, and the city life became the most messy because of the rectification. For example, even if you look at just one piece of clothing, if you go to a train or train ride, or some other gathering, you can see everything from hair to footwear to obi to tops. There are some types that are impossible to make. Of course, it can be said that "of course" is an interesting world. The so-called double-triple life has the effect of warding off the terrifying devil of boredom from our monotonous existence. However, at least this indefinite view is not the way to lead the majority of the people to a world of peace and tranquility. Overall, today's life-improvement movement has received ruthless criticism from the outside, saying that it is simply a mere fantasy, a selfish fantasy, despite its generally serious aspirations. What is the reason? Whether this criticism is truly unjust and unfriendly. First of all, I need someone who is qualified to judge it, so I deeply look forward to today's audience.
Even now, people who have the opportunity and resources to try new ideas in addition to the so-called intellectual class of the world, that is, some of the wisdom, have changed their clothing, food, and shelter based on their own lives. What if we devised a method and neglected to measure whether it could be applied to 9,900 out of 10,000 other people? Even if we leave it to the morning and evening and repeat the same Noh book for each person we meet, it may end without any negotiation with the transition of the times. That is because it lacks liquidity in one of the most important points. In the history of China, the emperor Hui of Eastern Jin is recognized as an ancient and modern dark prince, but one year he was very hungry and all people | When Koku, Tobo, and Jin, a samurai, played, I wondered if there was no rice, and if that was the case, I should have eaten even a stew (what a meat sardine). It is said that it was called "Hazaru". However, in each era, it seems that the lady always had a little bit of Jin's emperor style, though it was rude.
There are people who are good people but do not think about the world. The original was still good. Still a good wife. He also acknowledged this as a matter of course from the outside. However, as it is today, in a world where many boys still have to live in a pure personal life without being able to afford to suffer from public sickness, we are for everyone in the world. In addition, I have to demand a good wife and a wise mother who can think of Hiro. In the new improvement opinions of the last few decades, there were many easy ideas that made me think that I must be a woman. And most of it wasn't useful to the poor, in a nutshell, because it was based on a bitter experience in my home, or painful observations. Yet the first thing we have to do is the happiness of many others, rather than the pleasures of the home of the few | Atsushi. In the West, the philanthropic wife used to be a person who was riding a two-headed carriage and handing out small silver coins about once a week, but there is such an example in Japan's old-fashioned savings. There were many. For example, to use waste, we knit old postcards to make a Natsuzabuton, and send the maid to Shibuya to apply astringency. Moreover, it is cheap because their labor cost for that purpose is evaluated as innocent. If you try to teach this to the wife of the back shop "Uradana" who lives in the office, you will be rejected with the word "I'm making a fool of you". I don't think there will be any improvement in life anymore, but in rare cases, the Matsushita Zenni style, or the Aoto Fujitsuna style, which is a little closer to this, should be praised. In order to be done, the road is not done, there is no credibility in social reform, and the country still has to worry forever, even though the world is filled with meticulous people.
[# 5 indentation] Three [# "three" is the middle heading]
As you can see, if you want to go the way, you have to study a lot first. Those who plan for the future need to think especially about what has happened so far. Over time, we have to bother women to learn and think. Until very recently, the men had to fight against a large number of different Buraku, with only a few Buraku as friends. I had to think of it as a so-called "thief when I saw a person." Their sympathy was a moral that could only be trained with a great deal of study. On the contrary, women have a large amount of this by nature. After now, it is necessary for "later" to take it out and use it not only for the people of the hometown party "Kyoto" and "Chiki" but also for the world. The invisible fence between the houses has already been removed. It is not possible that the preparation of women should be the same as before at the time when even the country is about to start a peaceful relationship with each other, not to mention the village and the village. Should I have an attitude? I would like to explain that point mainly in today's story.
I have many daughters, so I thought about it many times. Fortunately, if they have a little genius and a little ambition, it is most effective to do any kind of scholarship for their fellow citizens. As for my intention as a parent, in a nutshell, human happiness, how to get it, and why I couldn't get it until now. I would like to learn these two important problems through reading, watching, and experimenting. At the same time, I would like to warn you to simply treat this as a problem in your own home. It's funny to say it myself, but we are already awakened to each other. Indeed, there are various restrictions in our current life, but it is not always difficult to get rid of them and move forward. The question is what to do with these many slow-moving people. It is exactly how to guide the people who are trying to fall.
Of course, I was thinking about my own happiness before I knew it. However, it is not an academic discipline. As the old people repeatedly explained, scholarship must always be the way of people. It must be the way everyone walks. It was on this point that many life-improvementists had to reconcile. Dimension of improved clothes | Before discussing how to judge, before preaching the folding sleeper, I told the world that old clothes cannot be worn without wearing rags. I should have thought that there were still many who had to sleep inside. Even if people hear it, they don't sleep in the straw. I told my child that he was sleeping with a futon on his back, but there was an old tale that he said, "Dad, the futon scraps are stuck to my back." It wasn't an old story at all. When Sidney Webb once came to see Japanese tenant farming life, a serious farmer in Echigo guided him to the golden Amida in the back of the so-called Habu hut. He showed the beautiful light of "Amida-sama" and told the story of the commended peasant who has been working for 100 years. However, when the other party heard this, he was surprised at the voice of 100 years, and he was in a state where he could endure for 100 years. As far as I know, there were small houses in the villages around the Kambara lowlands that didn't have a child of a sword. Even if the village hygiene staff called for cleanliness under the floor, there were some houses with soil floors that could not be helped. The economy of many small farmers, whether not alone in the corner of Tohoku or peasants, stands on top of rice. Settlement was a law rather than a morality. The life of these people was difficult to continue and was a consumption, if the sense of progress was advanced to the point that the lower fertilizer was not messy, but the so-called hunger point of life was measured based on this. The population has increased to the extent that it can support life at that boundary. I don't know if the medical technique has advanced so much that the baby "Akago" has stopped dying, but many people haven't lived for a long time. Instead of acute hunger disappearing, chronic bad crops have always been present. It is natural to count it as one of the four hundred and four diseases, and in fact, there are quite a lot of people who die from poor diseases. The whole food for the whole survival is by no means abundant by any calculation, but the distribution method is also very bad. Not only is the rich man alone grabbing himself, but even in the same house, many owners eat and use it for sake, and the livelihood expenses used for food outside are losing their authority. .. The method of consumption is also unreasonable. The fact that a house burns and needs a new one once every 20 years on average is just like the Gosengu. I don't know how many nutrients that are spoiled and useless, such as being worthless and then used.
All of these harmful effects are problems of national economics, but many boys do not try to investigate them. Japanese boys have a strange habit, and when they are told that it is a recessionary way of thinking, "Hikkomijian", even if they have a lot of "more" opinions, they are immediately depressed and obviously reckless. Proposing aggressive policies is usually praised for being dashing and enterprising. As a whole, Japan is a country that has developed indiscriminately with only consumer institutions. From long ago, Yura Sengen, Fukura Sengen, and so-called "I" have said that if you have a thousand houses, you can stand up with a friend's meal, but that makes sense. It shouldn't be. Therefore, most of the old Minato, which was said to have been a thousand houses, are now in the sand of Arahama. In other words, because it is a prosperity that is calculated from the interests of the small merchant Koakindo, whether it is right or wrong, it was said that the economy would be booming if consumption was high. However, in reality, the consumption that is unnecessary and that you want to consume less is not limited to liquor | cigarettes. However, only those things that are close to waste are labeled as cultural improvements in order to stimulate consumption. It's more natural for people to be vigilant, and there's a reason why ads aren't credible.
[# 5 indentation] 4 [# "4" is the middle heading]
The so-called modern improvements of retailers were usually just names. Fake products, free-flowing products, and products that are extremely frivolous in temporary imitation of appearance are all being carried out in the name of improvement. Fighting this spirit was actually a true life improvement. In other words, this is the reason why the research of consumer economics, which we call it, and the national life technology magazine, which should be the basis of it, must be advanced far and deeply by some people who are still kind.
However, there are people in the world who believe that even such problems peculiar to one country should be easily instructed and enlightened by the writings of scholars in so-called advanced civilized countries. Clearly it is wrong without many arguments. One big objection to the current life improvement project is that it has a very western odor. Suspecting their motives for attacking the old-fashioned Japanese style, it was a suspicion that they would oppose it, perhaps because it was different from the Western style they were impressed with. Is quite influential. Aside from the injustice and injustice, even with such a good plan, there is no inspiration at all, and the benefits do not reach Hiroshi. For those with a kind will, this must be a ridiculous and ridiculous antipathy, but in many cases it is caring for those in different circumstances. Because there is no such thing, or because the method and rationale for persuading them are not good enough, they are struck by cold criticism and parting, like the work of a high-collar woman. ..
However, our fellow citizens were a race that liked the habit of imitating. People's modern pretense is not a laughed-in step. Many of the old-fashioned things that we are sticking to today were adopted from Korea from China in the not too distant past, and there have been major changes since the Middle Ages in food and housing (however, this). The monks who imported the house had the kindness, patience, and inspiration that the so-called pioneers of the world did not have.) Moreover, even if they are not necessarily imitated from foreign countries, there are only a few lifestyles that have not changed since the beginning of modern times, even if they are searched for. Among the things that the old people often try to change because they are old, there are a number of things that started around the first year of the Meiji era after the 100th year of cultural bunsei. At least there aren't many things that have to be maintained because they are old.
There are so many funny stories that I can't tell. For example, the wind of the inner leg of a woman you all know. When I was a Frenchman who came to Japan the previous year, I often praised this to me, and even when I saw one of them, I was praised to see the graceful spirit of a Japanese woman. .. However, as well as the sketches such as the folding screen paintings "Byobue" and Iwasa Matabei "Iwasa Matabei" in the Momoyama period, of course, "Of course", as well as the early works of Nishikawa "Nishikawa" and Hishikawa "Hishikawa" However, all the women are walking with Sassa on their outer legs. Perhaps because I had a double waistband, the upper part was longer, and I didn't use a light material such as linen, I couldn't handle the hem well because I was entangled in my legs. I wonder if he invented such a way and it was recognized as a beautiful woman. Torajiro Okada, who started abdominal breathing, came to my house for a long time and was often given a sitting lecture by gathering old people and women. One of the theories is that Mr. Yanagida, I think there is a deep relationship between the Japanese soul "Yamato devious" and the way Japanese people sit. If there was no tatami mat, I would be asked if I think that the Japanese courage would not have been trained as it is today. Even Yanagida had a hard time answering. The reason for this is that it seems that we started to sit in Pechanko like we do now, not older than 3400 years. "Sit" was the next improvement to "Kneeling", and kneeling was a courtesy for low-ranking people to serve in front of the elders, while at the same time being alert to foreign enemies and preparing for extraordinary activities. .. This is the so-called samurai shape. The samurai class fills the world and this method spreads up and down, and in order to enter the Taihei and enjoy the peaceful leisure time, stretch the tip of the foot that was stuck like today. Then, when I laid it under the samurai, I finally forgot the previous sitting ceremony, and I began to feel rude because of the peace. The Japanese soul is certainly an older memory than that.
Of course, laying tatami mats on the floor is not the wind since Emperor Jimmu. Folding literally corresponds to what you fold, that is, today's goza or zabuton. There was a tatami mat on which "Tenjin-sama" of Hyakunin Isshu was riding, but it was a tatami mat. It is only an event from the early modern period in the palace to fill the room with this in the name. As it is now, I rubbed my feet on the tatami mats, rubbed my feet with dirt, and laid out a set of legs like a board on top of it. The trend of trying to eat things with as much dust as possible is an improvement on the most recent invention. Then there is the floor in front of the tatami room, which is not a unique wind. I think it's probably a variant of the table. In the construction of the former private house, it was the position of a book stand, that is, a bed. At night, the housekeeper is happy to have a cloth bag with a navel on it in the place where he goes up to sleep. Also, in front of the alcove, there was a wind that pushed up annoying guests to sit down, but in the past, even if they did not make such a resignation, the main guest's sitting position was properly settled on all sides of the hearth. You can tell by listening to the name of. One of the reasons is the progress of architecture, which is the result of being able to build a guesthouse and a residence under one building, and one is the social minister of the Ashikaga era. I think that it is closely related to the transition of sitting style, because I often come to my vassal's house and let my house be used by more people than my husband. There is.
[# 5 indentation] 5 [# "5" is the middle heading]
Not limited to this, there were many stupid life improvements in the modern modern style as a whole. Conservatives who take good care of it and are hostile to change are not worth anything but ridicule. Until this time, the lifestyle of the world, especially women, was probably Goten-style, but worse, it was the Kokyu style. First of all, I imitated only hobbies that were inconvenient for both exercise and work as elegant, and in the end, in order to break through such a clue, Western | However, it can be said that it is more likely that you will want to praise it. Moreover, it is a big fallacy to try to make this the reason that "Japan is useless". If we argue that it is due to history, it was a mistake in the modern choice of our close ancestor. It can be said that it is a disaster of careless life improvement. It is something that the original Japanese trivial "Azuka" does not know.
It may be hard to hear if you knew it, but to give a few examples, first of all, it is our clothes. Haori and other unavoidable things are popularized, and obi and other exaggerated things are worn on the waist, and the obi is worn by the wife. I don't know why I'm wearing an obi, or I have a complicated head like a fake all year round, and I don't have to wear a hat or a towel. Whether it's the Utamaro style or the Toyokuni style, it's been a favorite of the world since this time. So to speak, it was just a temporary misunderstanding. It would be fine if it was a good man in the deep window, but a woman in a middle or lower family cannot live like that. That is why the working style of women has not changed in any country since ancient times. When I see the play, I see twelve | I try to wear a single garment "Hitoe" and use a naginata "Naginata", insert a flower comb "Hanagushi" and do a road trip "Michiyu", even in the summer On top of the rugged collar hem "Erisuso" * [# "Moon" instead of "word" of "藹", 3rd level 1-91-26] "Jorou" comes out But that's because it's a play at all. Real life was now a little simpler and more free. There is no reason to live and work in such a hot and humid country this summer. If you are in harmony with the nature of the land, you can imitate anything from the top to the top without thinking that there is a shape of a coat and a coat that have been fixed over a long period of time. I piled up various extra things, and when it was a haori coat, a kappa, and a dust repellent, I gradually wrapped it in a wrapping and made it into a complicated costume country like it is now. It is unavoidable that the movement to try to wear clothes that are almost naked even from the reaction once occurs. Therefore, I have to pay enough sympathy to see the psychological process that has become like today, but before that, first of all, it is called the figure of the woman's book "Original" in this country. It is necessary to find things. Don't leave that to a man.
[# 5 indentation] 6 [# "6" is the middle heading]
There is an important oversight that was not seen in the ministry 《return》 in the transition of food. In this area, especially with the introduction of various new ingredients, many old foods have disappeared from our table at all. Then, even if you don't necessarily search for books, the traces still remain in the shadows on the New Year's food and the wedding islands. Looking over this, the first thing I feel is that the sweetness has increased compared to the past, and then the number of soft ones has increased. Kombu is still used as a luxury item in the Kansai region, but no one eats raw Kaya or Kachiguri. Children don't even know what to eat when it comes to abalone. Many will never have seen it. In the olden days, the custom of using this as a gift was strictly adhered to, but gradually it became more and more moldy, and Noshi was just a large piece of drawing paper. Scissors, or even drawing them with yellow paint, or forgetting the shape of the scissors and writing "potato" or "noshi", are now noshi. This is because even if they receive it, there will be no one to feed it and it will be useless. While refraining from eating such hard foods, the strange thing is that the number of people with bad teeth increases year by year. Perhaps it has something to do with the physical effects of food intake, such as how to eat warm foods and the order of fermentation. I don't know if anyone is supposed to think about it now, but when I get on the train or go to a rally like this, the right and left are full of kinkin and gold teeth, and people are in the golden age of the golden age. I feel dazzling. It's beautiful and fine, but there is a suspicious cause for the teeth to be useless otherwise.
It's not just a side dish alone. Rice rice, which has an inseparable connection with the Japanese, has even changed to Tsuto. What we eat now is not the old Japanese rice "Ihi", but the porridge "Kayu", that is, Katakayu. Ihi was like today's red rice, which was simmered with zeal, but making rice in such a way was only on the day of the festival. It is certain that this has something to do with the change in the way of making the kama, which has a brim, and the kamado, and it will also depend on the military and other labor supply methods. However, the main cause was the movement of hobbies, and probably the love of white and soft things. Shamoji and others are changing their shape in front of us. Nowadays, it is possible to distinguish rice from shamoji and scooping soup from shakushi, but of course there is only one. The so-called "shamoji" is a face that people describe as an advertisement for Kao soap, but today's rice scoop is a flat spatula. is there. This is entirely due to the change in the cooking method of rice, and since it has become softer these days, it has become necessary to cut it with something sharp, but this is a little now. Whether it was hard or soft, such a scoop would not have been in time. Perhaps I'm old-fashioned, I'm not impressed with the rice jam that reminds me of the story of this tongue-cutting sparrow, so I'm not impressed with the famous Shokusanjin's.
[# 3 indentation] A world that is soft and unrelenting to the heart
I remember the song and think about when such an unexpected "Funyoi" started, but even three meals are still the modern style of a certain era, originally in the morning. The main rule was twice in the evening, and meals during the day were only provided on the day of rice planting or the day of renewed hard work. When it comes to eating it three times, even if you sleep in the morning, you will be busy eating it. If it is restored and it is twice in the morning and evening, the school will be from 9 o'clock to 2 o'clock, and the remaining time may be used more meaningfully. There is still plenty of room for life improvers to play an active role. There is nothing to struggle with, poking in the direction of strong and rebellious.
[# 5 indentation] Seven [# "Seven" is the middle heading]
It is an endless story to give an example, but in short, it can be said that our way of life has been and is constantly changing, and that there is almost nothing that cannot be changed by our own power. The old-fashioned style that the old people often miss is, so to speak, their own modern style, and the genuine old-fashioned style, that is, what should be preserved for a thousand years, is rather the life style. It may be included in future people's proposals for rationalization and simplification. And for the eternal prosperity of this nation, I only want measles. Of course, the feelings of a person who loves beauty, or the peace of mind that can be enjoyed due to a little waste, can never be ignored for personal well-being, but that More important than that is the progress of the people as a group. It is not always the case that the world will be better if we leave it to the current wisdom, hobbies, and inspirational tendencies. That is an injustice of the distribution method mentioned earlier. The consumption method is poor. The selection failed. These have already caused tremendous damage to the people. It is not only that the decline of the constitution is due to the golden teeth alone. If the result of the change that each person of a certain era once made to the world, believing that it was an improvement of one person, would actually hurt us, it would not stop. For example, the wind of pearling and eating rice has progressed year by year, and it was only recently that the cause of beriberi was discovered by vitamin B deficiency. Abuse of cotton and woolen fabrics, and twill weave I think that cotton was not suitable for the heat and humidity of this country, but it is a progress in Japan's physiology that cannot be affirmed or denied. In other words, preaching a single life improvement without considering these circumstances, even if it happens to be good, we, who are ill-mannered, still call it blind. It is not a small individual problem, such as honor or face, when it is wrong to make many innocent compatriots because of it. Therefore, I would like to reiterate here that it is in the calm view of life of the academic discipline that women should go to. Fortunately, I believe that if many women have this kind motivation to study, the teaching method of home economics at Japanese girls' schools will change completely in a short period of time. I think the children of many homes will gradually understand the true meaning of life happiness. Hopefully, due to the future pursuit of living technology, the location of the national illness will be well understood, and therefore your kind concerns will eventually appear in politics. Is to come. That is the main idea of ​​women's politics that we are thinking of.
[#New Page]
[# 5 indentation] Worker's kimono [# "Worker's kimono" is a big heading]
[# 5 indentation] 1 [# "1" is the middle heading]
Our kimono has been divided into three types since ancient times. Many working people still keep this distinction. One of the three is sunny. In the Kansai region, it is also called Yosoyuki, but since it is mainly worn on festivals and festivals, it is called Matsurigo (Kishu and Shodoshima) or Setugo (Tohoku). There is. Setu is a festival or Bon festival, so there is also a land called Bonigo (Okayama Prefecture). Miyamairigo (Miyamairi) is worn by a newborn baby to visit the shrine, Kanetsukego (Kitamino) is worn by a woman on the day she first wears Haguro, and the elderly are in a difficult year. When you see that Yakugo (Sanuki) wears the celebration of "Yakudoshi", it seems that Go is a kimono. In Sendai, this sunny dress was called Mochikuhiishau before. The day when I wear this is usually the day when I eat mochi, so I understand the meaning well.
The second is kimono when working. It is normal to call it work clothes, but depending on the land, it is also called Noragi or Yamagimono (Echigo), and those who work in the sea are also called Oki Gimono or Oki Ahase. In Saga Prefecture, Hamari Gimon and Hamal are jobs. Oita Prefecture also has the name Kanetrigimon. If you wear it, you will have income and you will be able to make money, so you can understand the meaning of it.
Thirdly, the kimono I wear when I'm at home after returning from work. That's why it's called Bangui (Hizen, Hirashima), Yosai Gimon (Shimokoshikijima), and Youma Asama (Izu, Niijima). It is called. It is also called Ahidakimono near Tokyo, Ahahinokimono (Fuji-gun), and Mamba in Shinshu Echigo. Mamba and Ahida are the same, meaning when they don't work. The islands of Kyushu, Iki, Tsushima, Amakusa, etc. are called kegi. Kegi no Ke is the same as Fudan, who is unrelenting, and is an old word for Hare in fine clothes. That's why a kimono that has only one piece is called "this is clear for both ke and hare."
[# 5 indentation] Two [# "two" is the middle heading]
Because I don't have much time tonight, I will only talk about working kimono out of these three. Work clothes are called detachi or dedachi in the Tohoku and Hokuriku regions. There are places where only the hunger is called Zutatsu (from Kitahida to Noto), and only the hakama is called Dentatsu (Akita Prefecture), but originally Is "departure", so it is correct to say the whole work clothes at once. Our clothes, that is, work clothes, are divided into two parts, upper and lower, in the same way as the clothes of those days. The only difference from clothes is that I put on the upper garment "Uwagi" first, and then put on the lower hakama from the back "after" to the top, and made the upper garment as short as possible. Therefore, in the southern part of Kyushu, Kagoshima and Miyazaki prefectures, this is called Koshigin. From the Chugoku region to the east, it is Koshikiri, and if you go to the Tohoku region, it is Koshikiri or Kospiri, or it is easier to understand, and there is also a place called Midika. The name Hanten was originally called because it is only half the length of a kimono with a constant length, so there are many villages called Hanja, but in the old language it seems to be called Koginu. Kinu is originally a kimono, and because it is small, it is a koginu. The short linen coats that I still wear only when I work, Kogino and Koino Kogin, range from Tohoku to the mountains of Kyushu.
This short-waisted top is a hindrance when the 袂 《Tamoto》 is hanging around, so it is also a sleeve sleeve 《Tsukusode》 like clothes. It seems that there was a time when it was thought that it was nice to have the sleeves, which had been small for a long time, thinner and to be attached to the arm. The name Teboso is in Fukui prefecture. In Tokushima prefecture, it is called Tsumeko, and in Kitakyushu, there is a village called Tegri or Tegrijiban, and Heuheusode. Also called. Near Tokyo, the fishermen in Boshu also call it Udenuki or Toroku, and in the Alps region of Shinshu, there is also the word "enkou sleeve" because it is close to the mountains, but the old Japanese was tenashi or tanashi. I think there was. The word still remains in the southern part of Kyushu, and the shortest one is called Kodanashi. In Shimane prefecture, it is called Kodenashi, so Tanashi is the same as the old Tenashi, and it seems that Te is what we call today.
[# 5 indentation] Three [# "three" is the middle heading]
The meanings of Japanese Sode and Tamoto are now the opposite of what they used to be. Sode is called "sleeve", and the part that was hanging around was later called Tamoto, and the entire part that covered the hands of the clothes was called Sode. Then, the word sleeveless came into being. When the hanja of work clothes becomes too fine, it is cramped to wear another layer even when it is cold, so so-called sodenashi was widely used so that it would be convenient to put on and take off there. .. In Tokyo, only old or small children wear sleeveless, but in other regions young workers often wear it, both men and women. There are various names and shapes such as katagans in Kyushu and tsunuki in the Tohoku region, but all of them are for lightening the hands of workers and warming their backs, which gradually developed in the early modern period. Seems like.
Convenient kimonos have been made one after another. Among them, it was the fashion of Neji sleeves that changed the appearance of working people. This is because when viewed from one side, Ahidanokimono, that is, things that are worn only when there is no work such as at night or on a rainy day, has become a constant and frequently used item, and it also makes the clothes last as long as Azabu. I think it's the result of the fact that it came to be made of cotton, which is getting old soon, and I've been able to wholesale it and wear it when I'm at home. Especially, the workers in the town who prepare for the slapstick early in the morning and do the power work from time to time at home instead of going out to the strays and mountains, wear work clothes. It's a hassle to change clothes, so I decided to keep my underwear constant and wear a working kimono on top of it. Then, the skirt gets in the way and I can't wear the thin sleeves. So, this time, the rolled sleeves "Makisode", which was thin only at hand and widened at the sleeves, started to come out. This sleeve is made by folding the sleeve of "Hitohaba" diagonally. Therefore, it is also called Nejisode or Nejikko. In the east of the Chugoku region, it was a twist to say "modiri", "mujiri", or "mujiru". Its shape resembles the head of a carp, so it is called Kohiguchi and Tokyo, and it is also called Butaguchi in Tojoso. When Chiba Prefecture goes to the south, it seems to be a word that means something like that, but I still don't understand it well. When I became a woman, I just tied up my constant clothes with a tasuki and did a little work. I couldn't work well with that, so I wore something called Uwappari with sleeves that were fluffy. This is a convenient method under the white stools of those days, that is, trying to make it work as a work clothes without taking off the constant clothes.
[# 5 indentation] 4 [# "4" is the middle heading]
There was also a similar change in the lower part of the work clothes, but this is a little different between women and men. The woman also wore a short waist-length hanten like a man, but it seems that the hakama was wrapped around the waist from the beginning in the west. It would be inconvenient to work, so I split the hem a little to allow the legs to work freely, which was called the apron or the front droop. The front hanging was originally wide with four widths and three widths, but now that it works without interruption, it doesn't need to be behind, so it is two widths. It became "Futahaba" and also became "Hitohaba". Even so, I couldn't do a good job, so when I was doing a sash, I had to lift the hem and fold it, but I still couldn't work well as a sly. The man's hakama was originally a slender one called Susoboso. The sleeves became as thin as Tegriziban, and once they were very thin, they became tightly attached to the feet. That is today's Momohiki, and no one thinks that it is a hakama now, but in the Kanto and Tohoku regions, the hakama called moppe or monpe was originally a word for each one. However, many people tried to work without interruption, and just by squeezing the long hem, a loose hakama was needed. In Yamagata and Akita prefectures, it is called Dakhla Moppe Gafra Moppe, or Mokura Moppe, and Dakhla Gafra is loose. Mokutari, Mukutari, Mokuzure around Tochigi Prefecture, and Mockla in the south of Shinshu are also famous for their swelling from the waist, and Hungomi is also a long kimono with the hem of the hakama stepped into the hakama. It seems to be the name from. Even if there is no such name, all the hakama of the countryside "Inaka" in the near future are bulging underneath, and in it, only the area below the knee is still thin like Momohiki. It is said that it is wide and only the ankle is thin, but in any case, it has a shape completely different from that of a craftsman's hakama momohiki, and in addition, one is hidden under the upper garment. Finally, it became like a pair of pants, but originally, Momohiki is a pair of pants. Then it is a kind of hakama again.
Today, many people think that it's a sunny dress, something that only happens during ceremonies, but hakama was originally one of the most indispensable clothing for labor, and that's what it means. Even now, there are many lands all over the country that use this term. Every time the name of the garment changed little by little, a new word was always created. Perhaps the old one is still in use, so some new name has come in to distinguish it. So even if you call it trousers, just as it is a Japanese word, the kimono with that name is also a Japanese kimono, and we make it convenient for our labor. , I'm using it freely. It is by no means imitating Westerners. The most inconvenient was shoes. In a country like Japan where the summer is hot and wet, and in a country where you have to go into the water every time to work, you have to have something special. Then, only the old one has already been abandoned, and the new one has not been invented yet. As a research problem from your point of view, you must come up with Japanese shoes that are convenient for your work.
[#New Page]
[# 3 indentation] Problem of national clothing [# "Problem of national clothing" is a big headline]
[# 5 indentation] 1 [# "1" is the middle heading]
I think the establishment of national clothing is an interesting issue as a test of prophecy. This is because it can be determined immediately whether it was a dream or a dream of one proposal within a few decades or fifteen years. In fact, many of the improvements that have been made so far have been forgotten by the public. Today is an important business that has been left untouched. We must try not to hone our hearts for what is wasteful as much as possible.
If you are hungry to force it by law, of course, any strange kimono will work. Instead, you have to deal with extra offenders. I used to wear ceremonial clothes only occasionally, and I was able to escape because of pain, but even then, all the expedients are now open, and the fact is that the effect of unification is never achieved. Not up. It's even more difficult to get all the kimonos you wear every day. It's a frugality for three people, so it's adopted by 70 million people, even among people who have some convenience before thinking about things like arithmetic in elementary school. First of all, it is necessary to discuss whether it can be done. Consumption is not only a painful problem for each person's economy, but also external forces that are out of their control interfere with each other and give guidance. Even if the people have the qualities of being fairly obedient to control, they have no choice but to hesitate if they are hit by a small bump from all sides. I think that it is the role of the person who is said to be a pioneer to roughly distinguish the muscles and make it easier to distinguish and sort out.
Why did Japanese kimono become so messy that you can't find it anywhere else even if you search all over the world? Only someone who can answer this question will probably be able to give a feasible improvement. This was never the case before. Until recently, peasants wore uniform materials and formats, with peasants being peasants and Yamago being Yamako, even if no one recommended them. Even though he was not bound by his status or class, he continued to wear his regular clothes for a while. It quickly came to my mind because the cause was outside. I think the biggest reason is that you can make as many used clothes as you like at home. Originally, if you wear a piece of fine clothes for a lifetime, you can even separate them, but now it's old. There is a lot of things that can't be fixed, so I try to put them on my work clothes somehow. In the countryside where I live, it is one of the preferences of young people working in the field to wear the red-dyed half-ten of the festival these days. At Hamakata, a clothing person is pulling a net, which looks like a gentleman at a distance. Since this is the cheapest and most affordable material, the unification of our work clothes is broken first. Previously, national clothing was not enacted. At present, despite the great power of fashion, people take on their own thoughts while looking at them, and they start to turn around. The main cause is the use of waste, that is, only the products that produce the waste endlessly are sold. I can't say anything because I haven't tried the rayon, whether it's even worse than the purchased cotton "Kaimomen", but anyway, in the times when such a thing is recommended, another one is available. I think it would be a very difficult consultation to make the costumes for you.
[# 5 indentation] Two [# "two" is the middle heading]
One of the important issues is why Japanese kimono has become an inevitable improvement in this way. If you don't investigate it thoroughly, you will soon be able to improve yourself. As you can see from the spread of so-called clothes, what the townspeople wore until now was, in a word, unsuitable for labor. It's not just that the hem gets dirty when going up and down the stairs, and the cuffs get caught on the handle of the door. If you try to do something that has the name of work, you can't get rid of it if you wear something like this. This is because it was not originally a working kimono. It is a disregard for history that the people who worked as hard as the Japanese thought that they had grown up in the morning and evening with such inconveniences from long ago. Except for the few men and women who line up for the ritual, no one was there with such loose sleeves hanging down. The top and hakama were properly divided into two, and there was nothing related to the wrists and ankles. In other words, I wore clothes that were almost the same type as the clothes that I am thankful for today, such as Youfuku. The uninterrupted wear that I see now is not so much the underwear of the ceremony clothes, but rather the extremely simplified version of the ceremony clothes, and the fact that I can't work is the same as closing my eyes and not seeing anything.
The city life has begun, the people have more sunny days, and on the other hand, the number of people who can wear such kimonos is increasing, but it is even more economical. The cause must be that it is no longer as simple as it was before the style of labor. I suppose that this is called a servant-style work, but there are many servants, and while the division of labor was carried out within the same family, I would have worked in each work clothes, but later the "later" family Small households have been cut down, and only one or two young people are trying to serve customers from the front desk, fetch water / clean the garden, put in and take out the box kudzu basket, and occasionally send dirt dust. In that case, the kimono has to be half-finished. Especially when trying to make a wife or daughter play such a role. If it's the head of an inn, I don't know if I'll just give up the knitted fabric "Hadagi" and wholesale the nightwear, but I can't stand it with normal humanity. That's why I try to make it in time for an emergency by making various other murderous transformations such as rolling up the buttocks of the tasuki. Inventions that I tried to apply to the frequent changes in this work, such as mods, Koiguchi, upper swords, and even the kind of kappogi that I do these days. There are many, but I can't do it because I always try to wear a kimono that doesn't work.
For this, as a practice since second-hand goods, we must consider the fact that we bought all the clothes in the town and decided to wear the ones we made at home for daily use. It all went to the factory supply in the morning, and all the clothes, except for laundry and a little shaving, left the jurisdiction of women and became a problem with the owner's wallet. It seems that there is no such thing as easy and free, but instead, only old-fashioned second-hand clothes are stored, and there is no other way to use them than wearing them in work clothes, so they are small. My wife and others have to be buried. The desire to decide on national clothing is good, but if you don't choose materials that will last a long time and you won't get tired of it, you will only be able to enjoy the pleasure of being ready twice or three times a year. , The pretense of a person on a regular day will result in adding more messiness.
[# 5 indentation] Three [# "three" is the middle heading]
Of course, the chances that we have to wear fine clothes have increased significantly in the present age. However, in addition to the cases where it was only necessary to sit properly, such as New Year's and celebrations, there were a number of other activities such as sunny clothes. For example, even on the day of the festival, only the old men have a haori hakama and a fan, but the young people who wear a portable shrine are new to a flashy hakama. The hand towel headband "Tenugui Hachimaki" was a definite dress. Such formal wear is not allowed at all in the formal wear that has been enacted in recent years. From the beginning, the tailcoat "Enbifuku" or "Kamishimo" was expected to be a large number of abandoned participants. It's fine that it becomes a futile barrier and feels like an unbearable restraint. Therefore, those who are thinking about future national clothing should try to make both of them as close as possible, whether they emphasize ceremonial dress or mainly everyday costumes. I have to. Then, one is for accidental use, and the other is for daily advantages and disadvantages, so I tried to devise it, but I couldn't go to the mountains with the current formal wear, and it was worth it. It is not possible to plant rice in a formal manner. I think it would be better to allow the old-fashioned Murakata to wear one of the newest work clothes, as is still rarely seen. Then, it may not be possible to hope for unification that transcends all occupations. In fact, if you try to force the unification until then, someone will surely bother you.
The taste of clothes will be further differentiated from the above. It is hard to stop the fashion of arbitrary shapes and ideas among those who have such spare capacity. However, it is someone's responsibility to recommend a kimono that can work comfortably to a large number of working people and a formal dress that can be freely worn at large and small public meetings. I have to. Today's laughable confusion is rather that the demand is very urgent, and that some suggestions for this still have some missing wedges. 》 It feels like we are. So don't blame the other person's ignorance for not hiring. If ignorance is something to blame, it's up to each other. It's bad to be absent, as it is called a whole clothes and is borrowed from the West. If you want to work freely, you can't have any other clothes than the ones, such as the sleeves, the hakama, and the hakama. If you think it's an imitation, it's the stuffed collar of Kokuraji, which prevents sweat from escaping and makes you sick, or even though it's not a cold and dry continent, it's so cramped. They put on and take off their shoes, let them stay in the mud, and feed them rice cakes without washing their hands. Who gave such guidance? In a word, isn't it a fallacy that I didn't see the useful experience of hemp for a thousand years?
If you let the sloppy tastes of people who do not work in the city become the standard of consumption and do not notice it, it would be reasonable to get such a result first. Perhaps the most worrisome is the woman's hair. If I had bare my head for just a hundred years and wanted to go around, my cheeks would be irresistible now. The manner of wearing a turnip is declining. When I came up with simple clothes for both public and private use, if I left my clothes and headgear to change naturally, my head would be afraid of dust and my feet would be afraid of mud. Whether the profession of men and women like this is a teahouse or a store, the destination is roughly decided. Many people already have the ability to think about such small interests and losses. In fact, instead of giving extra instructions, we should have made them aware of the changes so far in a little more detail.
[#New Page]
[# 3 indentation] Dumplings and folk tales [# "Dango and folk tales" is a big headline]
[# 5 indentation] 1 [# "1" is the middle heading]
There are some cases where food prepared after grinding grains is called mochi in Hida folds. Mrs. Ema is skeptical that there is some other reason for this. These suspicions of nature are sometimes more precious than the answers. The same fact is found in many regions, but no one has ever noticed it.
I think it will eventually come down to the question of why we shouldn't call it a dumpling. Otherwise, it may be a question of why we no longer use the word Shitogi. Thus, these two transitions are quite important, yet still white pages, in the history of Japanese food. There is no way to clarify this in the written book. This transition was so openly, without any sentiment or secret, just a little loose, in front of the general public, so it was necessary for us to speak to you. , Because there was none. There is no other way but to ask the traces of this unconscious history. The fact that Mr. Ema got in Hida is one of the historical materials, but the fact that many states must be compared and compared in order to make Hanao influential is a little troublesome. .. There are actually many places where mochi, which is a collection of powder, is not called a dumpling. Even in such a land, mochi is no longer called, and many people use a third word. If you collect them, you may find out how they became today's dumplings. I can't list them in detail now, but Tohoku is a little wide, and it's called dance or danshi, or frankly, there is also a place called Omaru. It's easy to understand that the dango is a loan word, but it seems that people called Dango have forgotten that the meaning comes from the round shape. However, even now, when we say "like a dumpling", we mean a round thing, so it can be inferred that we called it that way only when it was originally round. The next question is who taught such a troublesome name to the ordinary people, but this point can be understood by the priest of the Shingon sect. This is because the book of their ministers has been devoted to this form of offering under the name of Dan since China. At first, I thought that Dango would be written as "Dango", but that person doesn't look like a book. I don't know if the dumplings have a source when I search for them, but if I knew what they were, I wouldn't be able to read them in a heavy box. Rather, because I learned by ear without letters, I think I didn't feel like adding a go-shaped letter.
[# 5 indentation] Two [# "two" is the middle heading]
When did the word "dango" start? It's the only thing that can be done by looking at the record in "Tannen", but there is nothing that takes such time and effort. In the book I saw recently, it was in the "Rokuen Diary" of Bunroku. In Kyoto, it usually started around that time, and there are no big mistakes in the rural areas. There are at least two old tales about dumplings. One is the story of Satoshi, let alone the story of Muko, who goes to the bride's village and treats it as a feast. 》 Is mistaken for that shout, and Pyoitokosa (and so on) is ordered to be a sword and a bride, and because he does not know it, he gets angry and hits with a fire-blown bamboo 《Hifuki only》. Well, a hump like a dumpling was formed. The dango of the lie has fallen. No matter how stupid I am, I don't have to worry about memorizing now, and I can't say I've never eaten at home. It can be inferred that this name is a myth of a time when it was touted as strange. Then, when the old man dropped out trying to eat the dumplings, he stumbled and rolled into the mouse hole, and later chased and asked. That's why I'm fooling around because there are even questions and answers such as waiting for dumplings, where to go, and even near Jizo. However, the ring of the story is old-fashioned, and I was invited to go to the country of the mouse because I was invited to treat the soba rice cake "Soba Mochi" to the mouse, and I dropped the rice in the hole. When I chased after, there was Jizo-sama inside and I became a treat. Instead, there is a story that if you give thanks, the so-called "I" will expose the money of the demon's gambling. Since the former is called the Pure Land of the Mouse, we call the latter the Jizo Pure Land, and the story of the dumplings rolling in the beginning is called the Dumpling Pure Land. Omusubi Kororin is popular with children because it has a mochi song "Mochitsuki Uta", which is "I have to have a cat", but it is an animal that seems to have been old. From the point of view, there is a considerable exaggeration and laughter. The Jizo Pure Land, which is transmitted to Tohoku and Kyushu, is a little like the nostalgic prototype of the underground Sengotan, but many other examples have undergone exorbitant remodeling. Nevertheless, it is certain that more than half of the dumplings are still soba rice cakes and rice cakes, and the dumplings have only begun to roll around after that. In other words, there is no doubt that the name and shape of this food was a product of an era of one new interest, and unless it can be said that the two narratives were made, somehow It's a proof that looks like a black cloud of "Karasu", but this "here" actually has a rough idea.
[# 5 indentation] Three [# "three" is the middle heading]
So, the second problem is that before the new foreign words such as dumplings and dumplings were applied to small offerings of ordinary households, and then to just the comfort food of "just". I wonder what he called this special food made by kneading rice and other flour, but I think it was still a mochi. The old word "A", which is addressed to the characters "rice cake" or "* [#" (咨 -mouth) / (餮 -殄) ", 4th level 2-92-52]", is clearly made of powder. It's the name of a thing, and it's just like distinguishing it from today's so-called rice cakes, and it's just a matter of wondering why it was abandoned. However, there was originally one promise in the formation of this word, and on the other hand, there was also a fairly remarkable change in the way rice cakes were made. I think it is clear that the eye of this transition was the invention of Yokogine. The current pestle, which is called "Tsukigine" or "Kachikine" in "Wakan Sansaizue", is not something that has existed for a long time. I think I learned from this, but even if it wasn't, the original usage was a pestle for refining a large amount of rice, and the fact that it was later diverted to mochi-mashing is still a mochi mortar. You can also see that >> is small and disproportionate to << balance >>. If a pestle of this shape with a handle on the side is not born, steamed glutinous rice cannot be crushed to make mochi. Therefore, as in Okinawa Prefecture, all mochi must be made from flour. As far as we know, what used to be called Tsukinuki dumplings in Tokyo conveys the method of making rice cakes a period ago. In other words, the kneaded powder is further placed in a bamboo steamer to make it sticky, and then kneaded again with a pestle. The name of mochi rice already looks like "Wamyosho", and the word mochi seems to mean sticky as well as birdlime, but that's why it's the same mochi as it is now. However, it is not always the case. Even if glutinous rice "Mochigome" was used, the mochi before Yokobuchi was much more crisp just because it was a little sticky, and I think it was more like the so-called flat dumplings. Then, a new style of rice cake that was crushed even better than Hagi's rice cake, rather than strong rice, appeared in the world and was cheered, and for the first time many people became fond of rice cakes. I think that.
[# 5 indentation] 4 [# "4" is the middle heading]
Although I have already explained it in sentences such as "food and heart", the first effect of mochi that I imagined was more form than taste. With many other foods, with a few exceptions such as potatoes and radishes, it is not possible to make them independent and to shape them to your liking. The feelings of those who offer this appear freely, even though they can be advanced to the devotees. This point seems to be the reason why it became indispensable as a formal offering of this food. For this purpose as well, modern rice cakes are the most difficult. If you want to make Kagami-mochi that is tall and has a good color without using too much powder, you have to ask for a good-looking rice cake. Compared to that, so-called dumplings are a little more convenient, but even more ideal, there has been a so-called dumpling for a long time. The manufacturing method of Shitogi is almost the same throughout the country, and at first glance it is very old-fashioned. Soak the washed white rice in water for a certain period of time, watch it soften, put it in a small mortar, and put it in a pestle, that is, a vertical pestle. It is crushed with a pestle. Then, as it is taken raw, it is immediately taken on the fold, so it naturally becomes the shape of a mirror without any skill, but in today's life, that is all. Whether it's a finished food can still be a bit of a question. This point has a lot to do with the fate of the habit of eating rice. For some good reason, Japanese teeth suddenly slowed down in the early modern period, and the commotion that they were teeth and gold teeth became difficult. Although the name "Komeka" is still remembered, there are almost no chances to be aware of it. It seems that it is not just because the number of soft foods has increased. Only the sowing "Tanema" and "Karika" day-baked rice "Yakigome" still have some molds left, but I grabbed the raw rice "Namagome" and put it in my mouth. Even if there is no commandment that raw rice should not be chewed, it is rare to see it in the countryside. If this happens, raising raw porridge only to God may be another question.
[# 5 indentation] 5 [# "5" is the middle heading]
The word Shitogi currently has several dialects. In Hida, I would like to ask you what it is, but from Shinshu to Echigo, it is generally called Karako or Okaramochi, from Mino to Tokaido, it is called Shirakomochi, and in the vicinity, it is called Shiromochi again. It's normal, so I think it's probably one of the two. White mochi is a good hit. This is because other rice cakes do not have such a color. This is done at the time of the god sending in the old October and the mountain god festival in both winter and spring, and it is not made only for the enjoyment of the houses, but since children are curious, I never despise it now. But I also heard that he was whitening his mouth and eating the wholesale of the offerings. However, most adults take it back and bake or boil it to eat. The word Shitogi is still used in Ou (Ainu people are also Shitogi), and I often hear the word Namastoghi Nishitogi, or I don't know if it is made as an ordinary food, but in other regions. Then, even if the same word happens to be used, it is used in a very limited sense. For example, rice cakes thrown on the ridge of Fushin on the day of Munea, dumplings that are made and served immediately when there is a dead person, etc., even if the manufacturing method is already modern, this is still the case. There are a lot of lands called Shitogi all over the country, or there are people who have lost the original sound and called it Hitoki or Shitomidango. The pestle and millstone are now obsolete, and urban children do not put a pattern on the side of the picture of a rabbit in the moon or the crest of the house, called a pestle. It's almost like seeing things, but in a nutshell, it's been a transition for less than 200 years since the "Wakan Sansaizue" era, and the main cause is the spread of stone mills. To put it in more detail, it is the result of a craftsman who cuts his eyes on a stone mill with a kind of sharp-edged mallet called "Kanazuchi", which is called a mortar sharpening, and has begun to patrol every corner of the rural area. , I think it is in step with the trend of tofu.
[# 5 indentation] 6 [# "6" is the middle heading]
In this respect as well, I would like to know whether the actual situation of Yamamura in Hida fits this guess. Stone mills are also used to grind medicinal materials and to prepare ground tea, which may have existed in Japan since ancient times, but it was also used to prepare food for homes. There were conditions to obtain. In fact, on remote islands and the outer coasts of Kyushu, even though we still know tofu, it is not uncommon for homes to not yet have a mortar. In the phrase "Sumidawara"
[# Indent 3 characters from here]
Left and right of Edo 《Sau》 Mukahi's host climbed Basho
Lend a mortar from here too. Nobo << Yaba >>
To the people, the sound of the kane of the ten nights "jifuya" "oto" Basho
[# End of indentation here]
There is a famous series of mortars, but since the previous phrase "Maek" is the opposite host and the phrase "Ukeku" is Toya, it can be inferred that the mortar is a powder mortar. .. In other words, until that time, even in the central city, there was no single millstone in each house. Looking at today's dictionary, the word mortar does not include such a stone mortar. The stone mortar that is usually called "jigara", which is set in the ground, is also included in "Zokusarumi no".
[# 3 indentation] One stone "Ikkoku" Stepping "Fu" Mishikara mortar "Usu" rice Rice field "Senpo"
Because there is a phrase such as, at that time, this "groundwork" was already so-called. Next, there is a theory that it is a rice mortar with a sawn tree attached to it, and that it is a rice husk because it produces rice husks, but it is not true from the ground up. In any case, with these two types of mortars, of course, the former cannot be rented or borrowed, and it is unlikely that there will be a paddy mortar in the town, so the other small stone mortar is the same. Since it was called by name, the occurrence is rather here, and the fundamental law of turning and pulling is different from the conventional pestle, so it is called a mortar through large and small. The so-called "jigara" is a ground mortar, and although it has a different system, it does not use a pestle, so it may have been appropriate to bear the word "kara".
[# 5 indentation] Seven [# "Seven" is the middle heading]
Making powder with a mortar was a cumbersome task from now on. If you want a moist powder like Shitogi, you can soak it in water to soften it. Kinako and stir-fried flour, which are cooked, are also easy to crush. Soba and soba can be crushed, so it's still a good idea to get rid of it. It was almost impossible to hope for raw rice and wheat to be powdered and stored, and then taken out and used when needed. Therefore, the so-called occasional favorite cooking required quite a long and painstaking preparation for the women. It's hard to imagine that once the time had come to enter the village of stone mills, they were legalized and the pestle became a pure rabbit's possession. .. The demand for flour in the Kanto region was still insufficient, and a business called a flour shop took place. It has become.
The words mako and shinko are usually the names of rice flour, and the fine-grained sieve called "kinu sieve" became popular and even became the name of books in the modern milling world. It talked about the first improvement of. At the same time, it also means the retreat of the long-standing Shitogi culture. I don't know if only the solid old house made the rice cakes of the Shinto festival with the old-fashioned, raw rice cakes, but on the other side, the rice cakes of Neri Mochi are dignified and delicious. It felt better when I was able to "attach" it, and in reality it was also convenient for a direct meeting. In addition, the pestle and mortar like the first yuan are no longer provided in each house, and depending on the place, a pestle, that is, a pestle, is used. I'm trying to crush rice to make a pestle. In this case, the value of preservation is finally reduced.
[# 5 indentation] Eight [# "eight" is the middle heading]
I am almost convinced that today's clear distinction between rice cakes and dumplings begins with reforms in the two directions of pestle and mortar. Before that, both manufacturing methods were similar, and it seems that the taste was also very similar. From the name, I said that mochi was not always made from glutinous rice, and that mochi was not always made by baking or simmering glutinous rice to make it easier to eat. think. This is because even raw rice flour was eaten quite a bit. It is said that mochi should never be baked on the day it is roasted, or there is a wind that warns against baking and eating only on the third day of the new year. In fact, it is accepted in today's Shinto ceremonies that people offer to God raw and people do not eat unless they are burned, but at least the idea of ​​private offerings, that is, the food of God and people. This is contrary to the custom of sharing "Shokusen". However, it seems that Shitogi came from the meaning of moistening with water, along with the word Shitouchitsu, but the origin of the word Mochi is still unclear. Or, since it was called Mochihi in the old days, some people may think that only Mochiihi, that is, today's Hagi and Botamochi, should have been Mochi, but that is the case. However, it does not answer the question of what is Mochiihi's mochi. Not only that, mochi still has a fixed shape even before the Middle Ages, and it is a clear offering of individual affiliation, and this point is a step beyond the shared state of rice and soup. Then, the speculation that Mochihi is a kind of Ihy is a little suspicious. Until we have a reassuring commentary, we have no choice but to repeat it over and over again, displaying frank suspicions such as Mrs. Ema.
[#New Page]
[# 3 indentation] Mochi, mortar and mortar [# "Mochi, mortar and mortar" is a big heading]
[# 5 indentation] 1 [# "1" is the middle heading]
My research was slow to start, and the problem was so widespread that I have not yet reached the point where I can summarize all the trends in one sentence. If it is possible to save some scholarly effort by stating a few facts that I think are relatively important, in a slightly orderly manner, then that is the first thing to do. I have to be satisfied for the time being. I liked the title a bit strange because I wanted to get a little more attention from economic historians because of one big living problem that wasn't unjustly ignored in ancient times.
In order to understand the transition of food and how our Japanese diet has changed compared to the previous generation, it is first necessary to clarify the discrimination between fine swelling and swelling. is there. This is because, in common with both races, the gradual confusion between the two was the most important feature of the early modern period. The confrontation between Haru and Sacred is believed to have been particularly pronounced in clothing. The word Haregi still exists in the standard language, and the word Kegi is also used in the islands of Kyushu, such as Tsushima, Goto, and Amakusa. Is done as a dialect. In other words, some of them are still active and working, but the boundary between the two is gradually being forgotten. For example, the word "Ichoura" comes from the drama "Iccho candle", which means that there is only one thing for both ke and hare. There is no one who knows. There are some elderly people who use the phrase "both ke and hare" from time to time, but there are many lands that have already made a mistake and say "both ten and hariya". As a result, we started to use the old Harui as it is for our regular garments. Compared to this, there are still some de facto differences in food. We sit on the fine dining table at the changed section, and we still eat rice on a regular day. In other words, it is possible to observe the facts in front of us and to trace the traces of long-standing customs from them.
In the city, almost all of the banquets are now meals outside the house, or meals for the owner alone, and there are no other meals for fine weather. Every day, the families of the families eat rice in Tokyo with only so-called side dishes. On the other hand, in the countryside, New Year's Day and Bon Festival are not to mention, and on big and small festivals and holidays, people are given an unusual food called Kaharimono. Since the food of everyday life is so ordinary, the whole family, women and children are looking forward to participating in it. In other words, there are still many opportunities for sunny meals. Sekku was originally a word that meant this meal. A companion was a communal meal, a meeting of all the families with God and the ancestral spirits, and the verse was a crease, a changed day. The word osechi remains in the name of the meal on New Year's Day, but in some regions it also means rice cake. For such a fine meal, I also wore fine clothes. Therefore, there is also an example of "mochi-eating costume" for sunny clothes.
In terms of the number of meals, the number of meals for 褻 is more than 300 days a year, and if you count two meals in the morning and evening, it is up to nearly 700 times. Less. Of course, it can be said that this is far more important in terms of economy. There is a reason why many scholars in the world's food theory aims only at this. But the other importance was, so to speak, religious. It is true that it was not only the fine food that had deep negotiations with our spiritual culture, but it also gave the whole lifestyle a secret stimulus. What is passed down today in historical literature is usually limited to this part. The word cooking only means preparing fine food, and the description of the kind of cooking story does not mention the meal of the usual day. Therefore, modern economic historians, that is, those who seek to know the history of food by writing, must first be influenced by this fine dietary practice. Recognizing the importance of the problem on ordinary foods, historical sources that sought to elaborate on the details were sought in the records of abnormal diets. It is, in a nutshell, the fallacy of this method that modern academia has not yet taught us much about the history of this most painful consumer economy. So I reiterate here to tell the history of the foreign historical materials that are currently lying in front of me, that is, the social facts that we can directly observe and record with our own eyes and ears. It is.
[# 5 indentation] Two [# "two" is the middle heading]
There are several important reasons why Haru's diet is out of shape, but the first thing to notice is that there is something in between that and the regular diet. Is. Hilma, or lunch, has become commonplace for us, and it is the biggest transition that has led to the need for so-called three meals. Edo period scholars also explain that the previous meal was twice in the morning and evening. In Ou, it is generally called one pie, and in Kyushu, it was called one go, both of which are about two of today's Masume. Met. There is no doubt that it is a trace that the five gou of "Ichininbuchi", which is held by one person, is divided into two and eaten in the morning and evening. Many farmers have rice bowls such as Gebitsu in the Kansai region and Keshinegitsu in the Tohoku region, which contain almost the same amount of gourd or old bowl. there were. If we weighed the name of the person who works at home with this vessel, the housewife did not have to do multiplication. Then, the food preparation of the usual day was much simpler than it is now.
Hilma was originally the name of sushi, that is, the food that can be transported. Even now, there are many regions that distinguish it from lunch at home and call only what is brought outdoors on rice planting days, etc., as Hilma. Perhaps the habit of preparing these kinds of foods and scallions on the Tabito only on certain special work days at first has expanded over time. Moreover, the number of days when I work hard is increasing, and not only do I have to eat three times, but even more, from the end of spring to the summer, one co-building in the morning and one in the afternoon. I even decided to carry it out. Eat at least five times in total. Obviously, it was not the old custom from the retail price.
Kohiru at noon is paid everywhere around 10 am and 3 pm. In the Kanto region, it is usually called Kojiuhan (small lunch) or Kojihan, but in Tohoku, as in Akita Prefecture, there are many lands called Kobiri Mamma as in the past. In Ecchu, the dialect is called Kobore, and it is also called Nakama. Nakama means an intermediate meal, and it is also called Nakama at the southern end of Satsuma in Kyushu, so it can be seen that it was a very old name. In the San'in region, this meal is called Hashima. Both Hashima and Hasama mean intermediate food, and when you see that some villages call it small bashima or kobasama, like the previous cobirma, hashima originally meant lunch now. It can be inferred. In other words, Hasama was originally the name of something to eat in the middle of the regular meals twice in the morning and evening, but when lunch became a regular meal, it turned out to be the middle one between Kyushu and the meal twice in the morning and evening. Instead, in northern Kyushu today, the term "hasaghi" or "hadaghi" means just a snack of eight "ya" or ten o'clock. In Kinki and the surrounding prefectures, the word Kenzui is the go-on of "snack", as we have already noted in "Kanden Kohitsu". It seems to be a word from the temple family, but it is used in rural areas to mean small lunch in the eastern country, and in Machikata, it is understood in the same way as Nanzo given to children, and in China and Kyushu. On the day of the contract, there are many lands called Kenzui or Kenji, only for the sake and food that are provided to carpenters and helpers. Even if the words are preserved, the contents have already changed.
In addition to the five meals on the right, there is also a midnight snack. Not only will it be eaten by people who work in the night pan, but it will also be given to those who are awake until late at night due to various incidents. In contrast to daytime snacks or hinaga, yonaga is probably a long night. In the Shimabara Peninsula of Hizen, it is said that this is also called Yonagari. It's a strange word, but I think its origin is that breakfast was struck by the word asagari. Agar means coming up from the Tabata workplace, that is, resting. No matter how busy the day, I only take a break from meal time. That's why I started to call meals Agari. The word "morning up" is nothing but a trace of having already worked hard before the usual breakfast. Many farmers have a simple snack to get to work that morning without getting up. If you add that and a midnight snack, you will eat seven times. It seems to be an old word for this early-heaven snack in Rikuchu | Tono, etc., but now it is almost uniformly called Ochanoko nationwide. The ingredients of Ochanoko are different from one place to another. In some cases, you may eat the remainder of the rice left on the pot the night before, but in eastern Japan, there is usually a shaobing rice cake for that purpose. Knead the ground powder of Japanese millet, buckwheat noodles, and scrap rice with water to make a large dumpling, and put it into the fire of the furnace. Bake. You will be given one by one by pulling it out and removing the ashes. In Yamamura, a daughter or a man goes out to Asakusa while biting it on a horse. Even in Edo, it seems that there was such a life before, and in the sense that it is an easy job and a small pain, it is said that "such a thing is before breakfast" and "that kind of thing is Ochanoko". In other words, Ochanoko was a meal before breakfast.
Tea seems to be the most favorite of farmers, and there are many regions that call Hashima, Kobasama, and Kojiuhan tea, and the time between meals is called Hitokomancha in Satsuma. And, simply speaking of Chadoki, it meant around 3:00 pm or 10:00 am. Although it is called tea, it always accompanies solids, and even the saltiness of pickles did not make people aware of it. Foods such as okeja or ukeja are also distributed around Echigo and Izumo on the Sea of ​​Japan side, and around Kumano and Bitchū in Kishu on the Pacific side. Alternatively, fried rice "Irigome" and sweet potato "Kansho" are combined and cooked, or it is either bean rice or brown rice, but anyway, it is called seasoned rice everywhere. This kind of food was invented and spread widely. Except for the so-called Ochanoko in the early days, all other snacks are called Ocha. Even in Tokyo, craftsmen are always paid this tea. There are many places called Ocha, even if it is expanded and made easier to invite guests. In eastern Japan, small banquets of Buddhist affairs are mainly tea, but in Kyushu, people are invited to this tea for good luck, such as birth and marriage. The theory that tea plants are imported from abroad is false, but at least tea drinking began after the Middle Ages. Obviously, it's not unique to the word, but the frequent meals it represents are probably also no longer older, and both have new causes that prompted them. It seems to be.
Of course, the increase in the number of meals was not related to the increase in nutrition. It may have been the case that what was previously eaten only twice in the morning and evening was eaten in five or seven times. The power that a person eats and accumulates is the first thing that can be considered. It seems that the scavenger, along with the sleepiness, was previously considered to be one of the strengths of a middle-aged man, or even a virtue to be trained. It would be the benefit of the world of peace that it became useless. The next conceivable thing is that the hobbies, the desire to be happy, and the hopes of the workers have been accepted a little, and finally the precedents and social practices that have supported and made it possible. However, it is known through this fact. Many of the conventions are old, but they were not very immutable. What started with something accidental was gradually greeted with joy and set a precedent for certain parentheses. In any case, the increase in the number of meals is a new phenomenon, and it is certain that its spread has brought about unexpected changes in our lives. Hilma and small Burma were originally meals for a limited number of days, and because they were special dishes, they were used for shavings, but they were good foods for humans. I gave a good impression. Then, because each of them was a food that allowed division and transportation, it gradually developed independently from the various restraints of the communal diet, like many other miscellaneous foods. The results could finally be a driving force in promoting the freedom of food choice for homes or individuals.
[# 5 indentation] Three [# "three" is the middle heading]
Originally, the discrimination between food shavings and fine swelling did not necessarily mean the superiority or inferiority of the ingredients. Food on a sunny day Not all foods are very good, and even foods below the usual day are sometimes used. For example, at the Agricultural God Festival after the end of the grass, we call it Doho Mochi or Miyose dumplings, and feed on the spills of the mortar in the workplace as food in the summer. At the Kakemizu God Festival, wheat flour is kneaded to make boroso rice cakes. The only major difference between the two was the amount of effort spent on their preparation. Kecine, that is, rice on weekdays, was cooked from one end every day after mixing a large amount of millet and Japanese millet from the beginning. As for the side dish called Ahase or Okazu, I decided on something that was generally easy to do, and always repeated the same menu. Contrary to this, on the day of the occasional clause, I always ate Shinagahari, so all Kaharimono usually required some preparation. The woman naturally takes on that role. The greatest reason women were valued at home was the production and distribution of fine food. This point has already been recognized in the history of sake, but the function of women was the same for rice cakes and dumplings.
In order to explain this, it is necessary to describe the history of Hatakimono, that is, the history of the mortar. In the records of the gods, it can be seen that the maiden "Tsukime" had already worked on the day of the funeral, but the wind still remains in the countryside. Not only in the case of sudden misfortune that happened alone, but also on all days of the celebrations that have been decided for some time, there was originally a mortar work before the mortar, and all the mortars were pestle. It was "Tegine" (although the import of mortar "Tengai" was quite old, its use seems to have been limited to fine things such as chemical fragrances). A three pestle was used to prepare for the good luck. In other words, since three women participated in the sword, all the ancient folk songs that accompany the mortar use this operation of the pestle for the time signature. There are different types of mortars, large and small, and in the case of rice and wheat, it used to be all the work of mortars, from porridge to pearling and crushing. .. The spread of paddy mortars is generally new, but only the flour millers have been grinding stone mills for more than 100 years, depending on the land. However, the fact that everyone used to beat the sardines into powder can be understood from the single word "iriko", which is called "hattai". And even now, in the land of Henguu, the method continues.
It seems that there have been three ways to grind grains with a mortar since ancient times. The most troublesome of these was to beat the flour raw, as in the current flour milling industry. The other two are much simpler than the ones, that is, stir-fry to make them brittle and crush them, and the other is soaked in water to soften and crush them. It was supposed to be crushed. In Tohoku, some rice is called Shiragome and is roasted and eaten. Shiragome, such as Tsugaru and Akita, are official offerings on the 15th night of August, or even land that women are not allowed to eat. Stir-fried soybeans called kinako are still common, but beans are also soaked in water for soup and tofu. Most of them were roasted and roasted. This is probably because it is particularly difficult to apply by other methods, and for one thing, it was the most delicious to eat in this way. There are various names, but the word Kogashi is most widely used, and it can also be seen in "Shinsen | Inu Tsukuba Shu". The dialect is called Kobashi in Yamato and Togashi in Tosa. Many people think that Kosen near Tokyo is confused with Kosen, but it may also be a change of Kogashi. In the previous standard language, "Ochiri" or "O-flyer" is a name derived from the spillage of this powder, that is, it is a food that can be eaten as it is.
Another slightly unusual example is the sunny New Year's food called Wakato in Awaji, which is made by mixing rice and soybeans and roasting them, then grinding them into powder and offering them to the gods. .. I haven't heard much about it elsewhere, but it's almost like eating beans, rice grains, and hail rice cakes, which are now called oily rice cakes, for the sake of chicks. On the one hand, the only difference is that the role of the mortar is delegated to each person's mortar. Then, when I think about it, the two words are similar: stir-fried wheat powder "Iriko" is called Kamiko in northern Shiga prefecture, and grilled rice "Yakigome" in Hida "Hida" is called Kamikome. It is not a coincidence that both were previously ritual foods. Even on the record side, the appearance of grilled rice is old. The custom of striking and crushing the sword would have occurred after the sword.
[# 5 indentation] 4 [# "4" is the middle heading]
If you don't make the roasted powder and give it a prize immediately, the taste will be bad. I think that's why the original was limited for this sunny day of food. Contrary to this, raw grains that were ground and ground were much more convenient to store. Therefore, at the same time, it was also used as a food for 褻. Until the stone mortar was cultivated, wheat was not suitable for raw flour, but mainly for rice such as scrap rice and crushed rice. Sea cucumber, then soba noodles, etc. were actively beaten by the powder. Cultivated bulbs such as kudzu, yamakuwai, bracken, sweet potato, and potato, which are collected in the mountains, were crushed using water. Since it is later dried and stored, it is also added to the regular diet. There are two ways to cook raw flour. One of them is to pour boiling water directly to ripen it, which is called Kashiageko in the northern part of Mikawa, and it seems to be Koshimochi around Nakakanbara in Echigo, but it is usually Kaimochi. It is supposed to eat only soba in that way. However, like the way we made Kuzuyu, we ate whatever we could easily do, and it seems that Kaku was to stir. In the mountain villages of the Kanto region, the parentheses are soba oysters, but in the Tadokoro of the Okayama region, the oysters are rice that is eaten with rice flour mixed with hot water and boiled sweet potatoes. It seems that it is made in an emergency where there is a shortage of rice. The name of the beriberi around Hachinohe in Ou is the same. Now, after kneading it again | * [# "Fire + Speaking", Level 3 1-87-56] "Yu", so it's just a soba cut with a slightly different way of eating. Originally, I think it was named Kake because it was just scratched and eaten.
In Noto, Kainogo is said to be coarse rice mixed with paddy, which is the third or lower, and is used as a material for dumplings. However, since the rice powder is also called Kainogo, it is still a rice cake. It meant powder to make. In Ise, Kainoko soup, which is made by putting it in soup and boiling it again, is like the beriberi of Oshu, and the cooking method was improved a little later. Although ignored by many food historians, the consumption of flour has been reasonably high since ancient times, and especially as flour is ground with a stone mill, farmers' food has changed. Tsumeri in the northern part of Shinshu and Tsumiire in the Kanto region are usually made by kneading coarse rice powder with water and pouring it into the juice. In the Kansai region, this is also called soup dumplings, or simply soup wakashi, and it was rare for farmers to not eat this once for three winter meals. However, because it was so ordinary and not enough to be talked about by the public, it was not recorded in books, and people also thought of it as a coincidental fact only in my land. I don't know if it's just a happiness to forget if it's just a trace of the poor life of the past, but there are still many things that we can learn anew. At the very least, I think it is necessary to think about why such a practice has occurred and has spread all over the country.
For the most part, the Japanese seemed to like a great deal of change in this aspect of their lives. Even if you look at the wide variety of food and drink items in modern times, there are many things that have a clear history of import adoption, and I also know that there are things that can be recognized as being the same as the world of teenage ancestors from ancient times. I haven't found it yet. Why did the eating habits change so badly again? Was it something that originally changed and never stopped? Did the old-fashioned thing disappear suddenly in the early modern period? If it is the latter, what is the reason for it? Food is, above all, the main appearance of a person being alive. And with so many unsolved problems, it's out of order to run into a brave overview. Even if it is a little troublesome, I think that it is necessary to accumulate facts from this root.
One notable fact of the early modern period is that the use of stone mortars has become widespread, making the work of grinding things easier and thus storing them as food for everyday mortar. I think. Many of the fine powdered foods that have existed for a long time have no particular difference in taste and shape, and if they are not uncommon, they will not be thankful. It seems to be the cause of blurring "Bunkai". To give an example of what I was aware of, the "National Dialect Collection" states that edible rice is called deha somewhere in Miyazaki prefecture. I haven't heard of it in other regions, and it's hard to understand the meaning of the word, but in the "Ikijima Dialect Collection", potatoes and grain flour are used as a kind of regular food on that island. 》 Is called Deha, and it seems that there is at least one occurrence. Then, this kind of feeding method is widely used in other regions. In Niijima, Izu's Niijima, what is called Neriko is that sweet potato powder is put in rice and barley rice and stirred, but the truth is that sweet potatoes are on this island. I think it will change after the entry. In the mountain villages in the eastern part of Yamanashi prefecture, buckwheat flour and pumpkin are kneaded together as oneri, and in the countryside in the northwest corner of the prefecture, the food made by kneading sorghum powder is said to be oneri. It didn't depend on the raw material. Akita Prefecture | Nerigayu in Kawabe-gun was a powder of rice cake, which was used for lunch, and Nerige on the south coast of Mie Prefecture was also buckwheat flour. For the tea-massage song performed in this region,
[# Indent 3 characters from here]
What is Shima's Anera | Eat and fertilize
To the soba noodles with salted okara
Good / \
[# End of indentation here]
It would have been a self-deprecating laugh of the poor, but it also meant that it was once again necessary to save on rice consumption with such food. Even on a busy working day, what was still planned was the progress of the milling method, and at the same time, the talent of our ancestors. Of course, many of these materials were tested for the first time in the midst of bad years and other extreme deficiencies, but while they were not easy to make, they could not be used on weekdays. could not. Warabi's root mochi and kudzu powder are still only eaten in the event of famine, and were once included in the materials for ordinary meals. It has never been used, and instead it has been improved as a local specialty. In other words, it was the main difference between the two meals that it took time and effort.
[# 5 indentation] 5 [# "5" is the middle heading]
In this sense, so-called noodles are still food on a sunny day in the village. The fact that you can get this more freely than three meals is not a very old phenomenon in the city, and once that custom occurs, it quickly becomes a charm of a great town. The reason is that rice cakes and dumplings were also helped by the spread of simple stone mortars, so the old-fashioned and regular life of the countryside was influenced by the outside world. There was also a weakness that I couldn't win. In Tohoku, what is called "hatto" today is mainly soup made with soba "soba" mochi, and the resulting food is completely different from the Kansai hattai. It is forgotten that both were originally the meaning of Hatakimono. In the eastern part of Tochigi prefecture, there is a legend that it is called hat soup, and it is so delicious that it is forbidden to make and eat it in the year of famine, so it is called "hattojiru". .. However, this name and recipe seem to be old and are fairly widely distributed. For example, even in Shinshu, there is a word "hat" in the direction of Shimoina, and from the upstream to the basin of Koshu, it is called "hoto". I think that Houtou was the original form of the current shredded soba noodles and udon noodles. Even if you hit it with a knife, you can just cut it into a very thick piece, and some of them can be rubbed by hand like a string to make it elongated and easy to eat. Boiled azuki beans with azuki beans is also called Azukiboto. Atsumi Mikawa On the Atsumi Peninsula, about thirty years ago, I was surprised to find that it was eaten as dojo soup. I thought that there was a rare name, so even in Sado Island, soba-kiri was put in miso soup, which was also called soba dojo. Its shape | Because it resembles a loach, it should be called "Tame" and is in the "Sado Dialect Collection". I don't know if that is the case, but it's probably the result of the word "hocho" becoming unclear. In the mountain villages of Mikawa, the same thing as the colander was called Sobabottori, and it was an indispensable offering of the Yamagami Festival. It was also a dialect of Houtou. In Kyushu, in a certain part of Bungo, what is called a hocho, which is made by kneading wheat flour and dropping it into miso soup, is seen in Furukawa Koshoken's "Saiyuuzaki". It was a food that started from the time of Mr. Otomo, and I think that writing the letters "Ayu" was just like a loach. In any case, until the spread of raw sea cucumber mortar and therefore the storage of flour became possible, it was a rather cumbersome recipe. It became a kind of food supplement for homes and became a product of restaurants, not only because of the progress of the equipment, but also because of the confusion of the meals of fine swelling and shavings.
If it was a new product for use, there is no need to bother to beat the raw grain or to stir-fry it to make it brittle. It should have been soaked in water from the beginning to make it soft and soft. That's why the third method of adding water to make powder was much more common than it is now. Even after the stone mill was introduced, soybeans and the like had a lot of stickiness, and there were various uses other than tofu. Only buckwheat is easy to make raw flour, and it seems that it is not soaked in water to maintain its aroma, but most of the buckwheat is made into sticky flour except for those that are eaten as raw grain flour. I think it was even more so when I didn't use a mortar. Among them, rice has long had a particular need for sticking, because it was hard or soft depending on the amount of water added to the mortar, and sometimes even a slightly liquid powder was prepared. Of course, It is possible to grind it once and then dilute it with water, but previously it was mostly done in a mortar. I can't find it on the record yet, but I wonder if it was a formal rice diet. Currently, what is being transmitted is something like wrapping a baby in a milk-deficient "Akago" with a cloth and sucking it, and there are various names in the region. Other than this, it is usually just a sacred offering, and humans no longer eat raw rice flour, but it is fairly well preserved as a ritual food. I'm about to forget it, so I have to record the name. It seems that the common name for this rice soup was called sea cucumber in Kaizu-gun, Gifu prefecture. That's why Shirotoage is also called "Awajishima" on Awaji Island, so we make it on New Year's Day and pour it on the Kamidana and Buddhist altars with * [# "tree + solution", level 3 1-86-22] "Kashiwa" leaves. Call. In the Anamizu region of Noto, it is said that this is called human root (Ningon?). On the day of the Jizo lecture on the 15th of September, straw cut into 7 inches was placed on a set, and white rice was rubbed on it to make a paste. Is pouring. It's rare to call this a human root, and I don't know why I do that, but I think I have to think about it. In the village near Taira City in Fukushima Prefecture, the same thing is called Onori. It is also offered to the gods along with rice cakes at the Heisokusai festival after the fall of September. After the festival, a crow will come and eat it. The wind that throws gods at crows is common in the Tohoku region during the New Year, but depending on the location, the same thing is done in the fall. Those who know this fact, even the saying, "The crow is stepping on the foot," mocking the black man wearing white socks. Is exceptionally strange.
Shinshu | Kawanakajima Chiugi mochi made on February 8th in the Kawanakajima region seems to be very soft even if it is called mochi, and children take it with them on this day. Then, smear it on the face of the stone statue of Dosojin. Depending on the land, it is called Amazake Jizo or Moromi Jizo, and it seems that sweet sake and moromi are poured on the roadside Jizo, and it smells and pinches your nose, but if you try to wash it off, you will be punished. Because, although the materials were different, they had the same belief. Starting with Dosojin of Jingu-ji Temple in Ugo, sprinkling rice powder on the gods on the day of the festival, I think that this onori was poured in the times when it was difficult to obtain dry powder. The same custom is found in the Tohoku region, especially during the Bon Festival in the former southern territory. This event is called Hokahi in the land, as it also sprinkles this white powdered liquid in front of and around the graveyard, along with many other foods. Hokahi was originally the name of a food container, that is, the Japanese word for the Chinese character "bon". Instead of this white rice water, the spirit shelf of the tray west of the central part is equipped with water in a pot, sprinkled on the offering with a branch of lythrum anceps, or visited the grave. Pour this on the street for the round trip, but finely chop the eggplant "eggplant" and * [# "head hen + work", 4th level 2-88-92] beans "sasage" into the water bowl. In addition to the knurled ones, some houses also add rice grains. It is also called "water fruit" or "water child". I think there will be one thing happening. Nowadays, no one can explain why they do that, but since they are all memorial services to the ancestors, they are originally food for our fine days, and only people like it. Even if》 turned around and stopped eating this, the ancestors were still advancing what they had been doing, that is, the fine food in Japan was still changing with the times. We cannot easily say that we know country-specific or old-fashioned food.
[# 5 indentation] 6 [# "6" is the middle heading]
The second convenience of soaking rice in water to soften it and then mashing it into flour with a mortar is that it can be used to create various shapes. Was there. Today's so-called shinko work is made by boiling rice flour once, but then it can't be helped if it doesn't use oil. Water is used for kneading raw sea cucumber, so it is much more convenient to handle. I think that was the characteristic of "Shitogi" from the beginning. Among the Japanese foods, the word Shitogi has been used since the oldest in the literature, and on the other hand, it has been adopted by the indigenous people of Hokkaido until the early modern period. It can be said that many Japanese have forgotten the meaning of this word or the relationship between it and mochi. Even if there is a land that happens to use the word, it is not noticed that it is a general residual fragment of predecessor life, because it is used only in a limited number of cases. Everywhere, I know that it's a dialect of my own land, and I'm having a hard time finding a translation of a standard language that doesn't exist. That in itself was already an amazing transition.
The word Shitogi is still used in many cases at old shrines, and the word appears at festivals. For example, at Suwa Company in Togo Village, Tsuruga County, Echizen | Shitogi was three round rice cakes made from rice from Sango Sanrei. I think that mochi was made by solidifying water-kneaded powder. In the northern part of Kumamoto prefecture, only the rice cakes thrown on the day of the topping-out ceremony are called "Hitogi", and the rice cakes are already called just rice cakes. Suwa Shrine in Kitagawa Village, Noto It seems that Hitomi Dango, which is made at the festival on September 27th, is also a dialect of Shitogi, but this person is now a dumpling. In the Tohoku region, it was made in the villages of northern Miyagi prefecture with new rice for the festival on September 9th, and it was made by solidifying raw flour with water. In Iwate prefecture, this is generally called Sitgi, and it is made on the day of the god of the wind and put in the straw 苞 《Warazuto》, or it is a komagata that stands on the shore of the rice field at the mountain god festival. I smeared it on the Komagata tag. In the Hachinohe region of Aomori prefecture, Namastugi, which is also offered to God, is also a good idea. Today, people eat it by boiling or baking it, so this is especially called raw human. It has something to do with the custom of chewing and eating raw rice, and humans used to eat it raw, but somehow their taste changed and they only let them visit the gods and Buddha later. It came to be thought of as food. Therefore, even if you don't use the old word "Shitogi", there are still a lot of lands that make the real thing. The most widely used of the current name is Shiromochi Shiramochi or Shirokomochi. It's much whiter in color than boiled or roasted, so adults rarely eat it raw, but children eat it as it used to be, and are happy to make the edge of their mouth white. I'm out. The fact that there was a white rice cake eating in the decorative dolls of the Yamagami Festival around Matsusaka in Ise can be seen in the diary of Professor Motoi. On the day of God's sending at the end of autumn, it was an indispensable sacred offering. At a festival in a town on the Mikawa Peninsula, there was a wind in which children received and ate this white rice cake, imitating the crow's cry. So this day they were called crows. I think it comes from the same custom of Iwaki Taira, which I mentioned earlier, as the crow's onori. The name Shiramochi is called Shiramoch in the islands of the north coast of Kyushu, from the countries of Tokaido to Kishu, and in the mountain villages of Aso, it is called Shiira Mochi, while in Kazuno, Akita Prefecture, etc. Also has the name Shiroko Dango. Seeing this old distribution, I don't think this name is probably new.
Shinshu is generally called Karako or Okarako in both north and south. It is mainly made from rice this year on Thanksgiving Day in autumn, but it may also be used for New Year's and other ceremonial days. The shape is mainly made in the shape of the round middle and high school "Kagami Mochi", which is now called Kagami Mochi, or the name is also called Osgata. Osgata seems to mean the figure, that is, the shape of various things. If you put it in hot water and throw it in the soup, it will be our simple boiled dumpling "Nidango", and if you bake it in a pot "pot" it will become an ordinary oyaki, that is, shaobing "yakimochi", but it is raw to shape it. It's only when it's left as it is, so I think that's why the porridge was called "Osugata". For the first time, our customs changed and the ingredients changed according to the technology of the later generations, when we were able to roll the dumplings that had been cut out and use a mortar to make rice cakes. In the countryside of Shiga prefecture, "Inaka", mochi dumplings are still called Tsukunemono. Tsukune is kneaded to make the current rice cakes and dumplings, but since it was originally a statue of raw flour, it has inherited its name. Everyone knows that dango is not Japanese since ancient times, but before that, it is difficult to answer what it was called, so depending on the person, along with the name, China << Sina >> I think of it as a food that came in from Tenjiku, but on the other hand, since porridge is an old food peculiar to the country, there is no need to learn it from a foreign country. The only new word I adopted was the word, which was certainly called a dumpling because it was round. Around Suwa in Shinshu, the decorative dumplings that are attached to the New Year's rice cake flowers are called Omaru, and even in Yamanashi, there is a village called Karako's white rice cake, especially Odance. Dumplings used to be called Danshi. When I go to Tohoku, I can imagine its origin because it is still called dance or danshi. Or it seems that it may be the sound of the kanji "Danku", but because there is a word "Dansu" in the middle, it is originally a Buddhist term. Then, it turns out that it meant only the rounded porridge.
However, the Shitogi we were making were not always a group. For a long time, various shapes were preferred due to the old custom of each section. For example, at the end of rice planting, Sanobori's wheat dumplings were called horse senaka in the Chugoku region, and had the shape of a small bonito flakes. For the food of the Bon Festival, we make a thin flat food called Senakaate, or an oval food such as a demon's tongue, and a hat-shaped shaobing called "Amigasaya". There were days. In the Chubu region, there was a day when a long dumpling called Yaseuma was made on the day of February | Nirvana, or a so-called oneji was made in the same month, but later on, it became a twisted dumpling. Not limited to vegetables such as turnips and carrots, they were beautifully colored with various shapes. In Kagawa Prefecture, there is a famous Hassaku lion piece, Shigoma. Nowadays, rice flour is used to make wonderful animal shapes and show them side by side, so this custom extends to the Chugoku region, and even made things that resemble the appearance of men and women, such as Tanomo dolls. In the direction of Owari and Mikawa, on the day of the festival of the chicks "Hina" in March, we also made the sea bream "Tai", the crane turtle "Tsurukame", and the Seven Lucky Gods "Shichifukujin" with rice dumplings. When this happened, it was more art than craft, and it required the skill of a specialist, but Japanese folk art is well developed. There were often unknown engineers in the private sector, who impressed a small number of spectators by making such elaborate productions of things that would be eaten in just a day or two.
However, it was made because it was all sculptures of raw flour kneaded with water. If it were steamed flour or grains, it would have been reasonably difficult to make. When we were boys, the craftsmen of the liquor store grabbed the steamed white rice from the kettle on the day of brewing sake and squeezed the Hineri mochi. Normally, I could only make something like a flat rice cracker, but when it comes to a skillful warehouse man, a gourd, a matsutake mushroom, and sometimes a doll again. And so on. Steamed rice hardens as soon as it cools, so I used this technique by blistering my hands while it was hot. Compared to Shinko, mochi has a shorter period of time when it can be crafted. Therefore, nowadays, only very simple things such as Marumochi and Noshimochi can be made. Naturally, if it was raw flour, it could slowly make anything of any shape. The problem lies in the motive of how I thought that I had to reveal the shapes of such various things, rather than the means of making so-called male backlash. If you look carefully, our food on a sunny day was not just a waste of time and effort, but there were some plans and designs for its form. One prominent example is to always decorate the diamond-shaped "Hishigata" rice cake at the peach festival in March. This is also called the Masugata mochi, and in Oshu it was a fixed form of mochi to be given to people's homes on New Year's Day. On New Year's Day in Dewa, wokanomochi have been made one by one for each family member and displayed on the Toshidana shelf. It is said that it is oval and has a hollow in the middle with a finger. Even in Tokyo, the bird cubs or crane cubs that are distributed to wedding celebrations are partly similar to the ones. In other words, there was a special form for each opportunity and it was protected. Among them, what we pay particular attention to is that the various rice cakes "Makimochi" made for the festival of May | Tango are always tied in a triangle with a sharp top. It was done. At first, I decided the shape between the raw flour, put it in hot water, boiled it, pulled it up, and ate it. The same shape is attached to the offering of the year-end gift, the rice of the Spirit "Mitama". Although it is a grain of rice, it was wrapped in a triangle with bamboo leaves and steamed to eat. If you don't wrap it in leaves, it's a rice ball, but it was supposed to be tied in a triangle because there was a way to handle it. There are many lands that offer it to the Spirit in the Bon Festival and Kure. In one of my imaginations, the problem is that the kagami mochi is round, but the point that I was trying to stack it as high as possible on the top point is the May roll mochi. Isn't it the same motive as the cone shape of "Makimochi" and "Chimaki"? In other words, it might have been meaningful to eat it on the day of the ritual, because it was purposely created to resemble one of the most important organs in the human body. If that imagination is half-hearted, we can almost understand why 粢 was chosen as the food for our fine swelling. The triangle of rice balls seems to be just a coincidence, but if you leave it to other peoples who have no history, not only will you not be able to grasp this naturally, but in fact, even in Japan, you will intentionally make rice balls of a different shape only in the event of a disaster. -ing In short, the reason why these foods are not suitable as foods for sunny days unless they are made into a certain shape should be considered first.
[# 5 indentation] Seven [# "Seven" is the middle heading]
This is probably much more spiritual than it is now in our ancestral idea of ​​food, or, in other words, a much more material understanding of the meaning of survival. I think it means that it was the idea of ​​"Ichinyo", but I don't have the need or ability to go deep into that point. From the standpoint of socio-economic history, the fact that this Japanese rice cake or dumpling has become such an ordinary daily meal is a great power in cultural history that has yet to be investigated, especially. I think it is enough to admit that the complicated transition in the early modern period was the cause. It must be one of the subjects of economic history that a kind of rice called glutinous rice has existed in Japan and how it has spread and increased production. Even in our rural areas, the opportunity to experience the fact that it was very good would not have appeared so easily. First of all, the condition was that the mochi-making method as it is today would occur, and the mochi-making method was very new. Without requesting various shapes of food on a sunny day and then improving the method, the existing mochi could not be made in Japan, that is, it is called "Shitogi". It is based on the ancient custom. When I went to the island of Okinawa, there are names of rice cakes and dumplings, but the things are different from ours, and the discrimination between the two is not the same as Yamato. The wind that makes steamed grains into rice cakes by mortaring them with a mortar has not yet entered the island. Then, even in the mainland, the beginning of the mochi is new. Without major improvements in the mortar and pestle, today's changes would not have been complete.
I think that the experiment can also be done by going to the southern islands. While a woman is flouring with a Japanese pestle, no matter how much glutinous rice is a grain with a lot of glue, she crushes it like it is now. It cannot be made into glutinous rice. This was made possible by the invention or import of the Yokogine, which was the result of men's handling of it. The use of a horizontal pestle is probably a technique that came from China. Instead of being able to handle it without the power of a man, rice cakes and rice milling became quicker because of this. The pestle was the old Japanese word for ki, probably one with the word tree. In Tohoku, the pestle, that is, the vertical pestle used by women, is still called Kige or Kigi. I think that the standard language kine is a word that was later created and it is necessary to distinguish it from mere tree ki, but when I see that it is called kino in parts of Shikoku and China, it was originally It can be imagined that it was Kinowo. Kinowo was a man, and was a very crude nickname for a mortar as a woman. The same idea as that of the mortar is now inherited by the mortar and mortar. The kogi of Surikogi is Oki, but on the islands of Yaeyama, it is called Divanobuto. The diver is a dialect of Ryban, that is, a bon festival. Since the gnat is a wott, it comes down to being the husband of the gnat. Since the horizontal pestle is large, there is also a land called Awo. That is, Ohooo, the righteousness of the great husband. Perhaps it was after the adoption of this horizontal pestle that the word kine was fixed as the national language. Anyway, the need to make a figure with glutinous rice has been halved by using glutinous rice. Therefore, the pestle and the maiden "Tsukime" became completely quiet.
The main fixtures of Japanese farmers, Jugu, have undergone various improvements in the early modern period, but among them, the mortar system has undergone a major change that should be called a revolution. there were. Rice paddy shavings also used a horizontal pestle once, and in many castle towns it was called Aramachi, and a section was addressed to the place of work. However, soon after, each farmer decided to use a pestle, and brown rice was lied, and the need for a pestle was eliminated. Next is the spread of stone mills as flour milling instruments, which was due to the progress of masonry techniques and the increase in the number of stone mills. In the past, it was limited to medicinal materials, paints and teas, and a small stone mortar, which was used only for upstream houses, can be obtained in any countryside. I entered, and there was even a craftsman called a dresser. As farmers began to grind their own flour, the specialty of the flour shop, Konaya, which had begun to occur, declined quickly, and the remnants of Nagori remained in the folk song of the flour shop's daughter. ing.
Finally, another big improvement was the bowl and tree mentioned earlier. It can be inferred from the names of each region that this is also a change between the mortar and the pestle. Just as the surikogi was a sliding pestle, so were the pestle such as Megurigi and Mahashigi. The difference from the conventional pestle is that the labor is much lighter by turning it instead of the pestle. I don't know if it was possible to invent the pottery with a mortar on the inside, but China is older. We should admire the intelligence of Mr. Anonymous, who heard about these things during the so-called isolation era and immediately spread them throughout the country. Until the world of mortar, all soft food was mortared. Miso may have been made since the mortar was made, but the soup of bean gourd, which was the food before that, and many of the foods were all made with a mortar. During the 100 or 150 years, up to 90% of the inhabitants of the whole country could live without a pestle, ensuring the existence of complete independence from rice cakes and dumplings, and the longest-lived rice cake of origin. There is no one who looks at this white rice cake other than the spirit of the god. Explaining ancient food customs requires a lot of tedious consideration, and many believe that they are old-fashioned. This drastic change was mainly the power of the mortar, pestle, and mortar.
[# 5 indentation] Eight [# "eight" is the middle heading]
The fact that the preparation of fine food has become easier is a major reason why the boundary between the meal and the meal of the usual day has become unclear, but of course the cause is not only the meal. There wasn't. Since the story has become too long, I will wait for another day, and I will add only the main points here, but originally there was still other food fine from the beginning. The Gosekku that I have mentioned so far is one of them, and it is the one that the spirit and the person share in the house, but there is also the sake brewery that is a joint between the house and the house. There were two types of activities, one was done within the village and the other was done between people from other places. The time for the village-only dinner was fixed, and it seems that the retail price was called Nihe. The word Meoi, which is still widely used west of Kinki, seems to be a change of the word Nihe. The example is that the congregation shares the needs evenly, without anyone being the host. The latter is newer than this, but it is necessary because it is intended to create a chain of mind and body with people from other places that have not been familiar with until now, first because of joint eating and drinking. On the contrary, this was bigger. Since the movement of the samurai family in the Middle Ages, the number of excellent foreigners visiting the countryside has increased, followed by marriages outside the Buraku area, and the sake brewery for that purpose has had to be particularly grand. The reason why travelers came to train stations and harbors and drank alcohol was mostly because of short-term marriages, and although it must have been abused, it was a fine thing. The liquor is always accompanied by a side dish "fish". Songs and dances were also called appetizers, but in addition to that, the foods with special techniques were used as appetizers, so the cooking was developed exclusively for the sake of it. Even at the tea ceremony "Chanoyu" where simplicity was the life, the customers had to carefully select the foods because they were customers. Especially for rare guests, I had to eat something warm by all means called Hinotori Mochi. As a result, adding soup and hot food on top of the set became a sign of hospitality, and I think that it is the same for other ethnic groups, but as Japanese food entered the early modern period, it gradually became This kind of customer service was the incentive for many of the warm or juicy foods. In an era when there was only one fireplace in the house, it was never an easy task. Therefore, possession of fire meant preferential treatment, and on the other hand, it gradually caused our so-called division of fire. Advances in building technology are also driving this. One of the main reasons for the change in housing is that the number of visitors was so frequent that we couldn't build a temporary house "Kariya" every time and tried to merge with the main house "Omoya" as much as possible. is there. The so-called "dei" was expanded to create a guest room. After that, the use of paper became free, and the partition of Ming, Shoji, and Karagami was created, and the divisions in the house stood up and the food finally lost its unity. In other words, the common eating and drinking on the usual day gradually became a meal in the living room only for the master and the child, and led to the invitation of the wind of Konabeta. Small pots and braziers have become widespread so that relatively simple meals on a sunny day can be made and eaten whenever you want. Looking at "Women's Lessons" by Rakuo Shirakawa, "Onnakyokunsho", until that time, Konabe's taste was a virtue. It was unfaithful to prepare rare foods in the absence of the master, calling it absent. It wasn't long before it was openly mixed with the sword. This point is the same for men as enjoying sake and singing and dancing, and for women as the decoration of red and white powder "Beni Oshiroi". Originally, both are allowed only once or twice a year on sunny days. I was free to accept it on a daily basis, and in the end, I weakened the impression of the festival and the date of the festival.
Moreover, it was the power of the outside society that gave this freedom to the ordinary people who lacked wealth and power. The emergence of a boiled shop "Niriya", that is, a restaurant, is one of them. The main items of the so-called storehouses were rice cakes and dumplings, and on the other hand, they were also poorly served with sake. All of them happened from the teahouses along the way, and the fact that they were entertaining foreigners from their trips, that is, they were fine, was gradually brought into the normal life of the neighboring villages. It is not our duty until we determine whether or not that tendency should be taken care of. We just need to know that our daily lives are the result of these rapid changes. The days when the house was the unit of Japanese life are gone. What prompted the individualism of this food was the miscellaneous food, or bento. I think the habit of village workers eating Hilma Kobirma is fairly old, but from that time on, today's transformation was already on the horizon.
[#New Page]
[# 3 indentation] Ie no Hikari [# "Ie no Hikari" is a big heading]
It became necessary to think about the light of the house again. For what reason did the home have to demand a new light?
There is an old tale of collecting snow and fireflies. Originally, ordinary people's homes did not have the light to read books.
Even now, in many mountain villages, there are still things called "bachi". Using a round stone plate or a damaged old pot, such as a round, dented stone plate, I burned a small pine tree, Kowarigi. It was the light of the previous world.
Alternatively, there was also a small piece of board coated with clay and filled in a bowl of hide. Even though such a simple tool is still preserved, if you are a human being, it will become a lantern "Andon" and become a cantera, and the oil lamp will also go from the three-quarter core "Sanbusin" to a round fire, and finally the electric lamp It was today.
It is fun to make the house brighter. It's not just for the night alone. Since the free use of paper shoji screens, it is no longer necessary to keep the windows high and small, and the doors do not need to be erected. Furthermore, the benefits of glass are now about to extend to rural areas.
Because of this, the house is no longer a simple hiding place for rest. Just as you can't help cleaning up every corner of a bright house, it's completely natural to organize and use the extra time of those who don't work outside to make each one meaningful. It was the power of light in this house.
I am particularly happy that boys and young women have become free to study. It is now possible to use time for any purpose, depending on their thoughts.
In the old days, learning was called studying. For one purpose, he was forced to study hard and put up with it. Many were for new professions. After the lights of the houses have brightened, even those who do not need to do so can easily spend quiet time reading for the sake of the world or for their loved ones.
While people are studying and mastering the scholarship that they need, there is still no prospect of improving the entire human society for this reason. The next generation will not be happier than it is now unless those who can afford it read and think about books with the intention of helping others.
Most homeowners have become very busy with their daily work. The world is already deadlocked, and even if it is abandoned, it is not promising enough to prosper naturally. Only the right scholarship will get the nation done, but until now no one has come out to take on that task. Then people are getting tired of their individual struggles.
Fortunately, their family has extra power, time, kindness and affection. There is also a bright and beautiful house light that illuminates this. For future studies, I have to enter the home.
Or, due to the circumstances of the houses, there may be cases where it cannot afford it. Even in the middle class of civilized countries, there is a need for women to go out and work in order to supplement their income, instead of being wasteful of their wife's efforts. After that, there is no help for it. Unless you are in a country like Japan where you have many families at home and are wondering what to do, you will not have the opportunity to use your power in this direction even if you need it.
Of course, you can't hope for a big business from the beginning. Unfortunately, today's education is not yet fully prepared. What's more, it is given the power of internal assistance to search for knowledge and seek new emotions on behalf of people who have no time to work. Today's scholarship has a lot of sales, and there is no cohesive instructional book, but if you spend time and pay attention to your choices, you can find something like a house's need. obtain.
Even more important than that is contact with this era. Activists who are absorbed in their lives often have many unexpected omissions in this direction, and it has long been necessary for sympathetic bystanders to pay attention to their shortcomings. Moreover, in order to give reason and preaching the power to move people beyond the common sense of women and girls, we had to learn and think from the beginning.
It is wrong if there is a person who is worried, as the virtues of our ancient chaste are immediately overturned for the sake of women's scholarship. I don't know if there is a rare talented woman who hates Kozura, but that's because she didn't study correctly, and many noisy wives are, of course, the product of complaints and ignorance. .. The kind of speech and quibble that increase the lineage conflict, even if we learn it by reading, is not what we call scholarship.
Therefore, the question of what academics are and why people should go to academics seems to be a roundabout, but it is still necessary to know first. There is a certain way to go for one profession, and you can also discuss the so-called promotion of girls' education, but in your free time like in today's home, If you make a mistake under free education, or if you look at the paper with all the letters arranged, just like many wise people get lost, you can study. It doesn't mean that you don't have to worry.
Currently, there are too many printed matter that women are trying to read. Stupid magazines sell a little too much. I think it's regrettable when I'm crushing all the things that I knew before I read them. If you accumulate that time, you can probably do any difficult business. It seems that neither we nor ourselves are thinking about the right choices and guidance in the times when the scholarship of the homes is so important, both for the immediate future and for the next generation. The light of the house may not only be attributed to useless decoration, but rather expose the ugliness of the interior, which was previously hidden.
Repeat, it is rare that it is convenient for home study as it is today in Japan. It is regrettable that this opportunity is being abused.
[#New Page]
[# 3 indentation] Hearth talk [# "Heart talk" is a big headline]
[# 5 indentation] 1 [# "1" is the middle heading]
Why did today's word "fire pot" begin? I would like to make this one problem. In addition to modern literature, in the olden days, the word "hearth" was used in "garden training" and so on, and it is correct to pronounce it as erori, so all the different words are " It seems that anyone with a scholarship thinks that it is "a thing", but it is a very heartbreaking story. Indeed, there is a compound word "enclosure" in Chinese. However, it is a verb, not a name of a thing, and there is no reason to add the letter "back" to it to make sense, and there is no reason to mix it here and call it by sound. It is clear that there is a "this" in one of the special products of a country that has learned only the outline of foreign cultures, so I will try to discuss that point. is not it. The problem is, I would like to go away from the letters and investigate when the original words that prompted the need for the "Ateji" were in Japan and why they occurred. This is not a surprisingly easy task because it has been abandoned for a long time.
[# 5 indentation] Two [# "two" is the middle heading]
The Chinese word "fire pot" came into Japan much older than the appearance of the letters in the hearth. Since our ancestors must have been burning fire since ancient times, there was always a noun that meant the burning place before this, but at least in the center, it was a sword. I forgot. It seems that he invented such an Ateji based on the sound of the word ヰ Lori by chance, but it seems that the original word was exactly ヰ Lori, but it is correct. It seems that it was attracted because it was a sound close to Oita, but now there is no material to conclude. To decide this, you have to find the previous Japanese. It seems that this word has already undergone a considerable transition after a long period of time, even before the import of the name "fire pot".
The history books have very few materials to trace this process. Therefore, we have no choice but to examine non-written materials, intangible records. Of course, the words that are currently used in rural areas are mixed with those that were produced and disseminated in later generations. But in order to expand the realm of one word, it is necessary to have some conditions, and unless you move with an object, what happened in each small center goes to a distant land. It is difficult to conquer. Therefore, it is speculated that many unanimous agreements have been preserved since they once formed a society together, and if not, it has been at least a long time. Can be imagined.
From this point of view, the most widely used Japanese word for erori is giro. Even if I just noticed, in Kyushu, the southern part of Miyazaki prefecture, the two counties of Kuma and Ashikita in Kumamoto prefecture, and then the Uonuma of Uonuma in Echigo, Shimotakai county in Shinshu. 》 Region, Senboku-gun and Iwate-gun in Akita Prefecture ｜ In addition to the dialect of the furnace being called Jiro in a part of Kamihei-gun, Kagoshima Prefecture's Treasure Island and Taneshima The same word is used for Hachijojima in Tokyo prefecture, Kaifu region outside Sado Island in the Sea of ​​Japan, and Tobishima in Ugoshima. It has been. It is clearly not a modern transportation.
Of these, only the part on land was reported as Zuro. I think I'll listen to this and copy it again. Contrary to this, the other two places that are listed as Jiro (Higo Higo, Shinano Shinano) are probably not distinguishing between Ji and Ji. The scholarship that Giro is a ground furnace interfered. The word close to "earth fire pot" has been known from early on, partly because of the story of "Gosannen War" in the famous "Gosannen War", but with the nationwide giro on the right. It is a disregard for the fact that it is a furnace that is carelessly set up on the ground. One reason is that the giro in each area is currently cut on the drainboard. Second, there were many small houses that used to have no floors, where all the furnaces were on the ground. In particular, it was not necessary to give this name only to the garden 竈 "Niwakamado".
[# 5 indentation] Three [# "three" is the middle heading]
The name of the ground fire furnace has not been heard in reality yet. Since it is impossible to combine kanji, it may be a used Ateji. Giro cannot be said to have been made up of at least the furnace from the Chinese language. Near Tokyo, from the Kawakami region of Shinshu | Saku to Suwa / Ina, the entire area of ​​Minami Shin, almost all of Koshu, east of the Fuji River in Suruga, and Izu. The words erori and hijiro are still used at one end of "Izu". In Suwa, when you see that it is also called a fireplace, it can be thought that the fireplace is the same word as the English fireplace. The old usage of white is left in the seedlings. The word Tashiro, which looks like a medieval document and is often used in place names, seems to be the place where rice fields are planned. The place where many fungi "Kinrui" are harvested every year is also called "Shiro" in the central countryside "Inaka". In Echigo, the fuel storage area on one side of the furnace is called Takijiro or Kijiro. There are also many examples of pheasants where firewood is placed by mixing it with Kijiri, which means the lower seat of the donkey. Since the consonants at the beginning of the Giro are muddy, it can be inferred that they are not in their original form from ancient times, but as long as there is a wide distribution, it is still a little hesitant to conclude that all of them are omitted. "Chucho" is done. Or it may have been simply called Shiro from the beginning because it was the only and important place in the house, Shiro. First of all, it is certain that Shiro and Hijiro are not unrelated words.
[# 5 indentation] 4 [# "4" is the middle heading]
A similar relationship between these two words is also found between Hod and Hihod in the Tohoku region. Currently, Hod is used in the meaning of erori only in a few places in Oshu, such as Numamiyauchi in the south, Kesen-gun in Rikuchu, and Akumi-gun in Uzen, and others. In the two counties of Kamihei and Esashi in the land, Yonezawa in Uzen, the Peninsula in Minami-Akita, and Shimominochi-gun in Shinshu, all of the furnaces Only the part that burns the fire in the center is called Hod. Or, there are some people in Fukuoka prefecture who think that the hot ash in the middle, that is, Kuyokuri in Shinshu, Karasuaku in Akita, and Oki in Akita, is called Hod, but it is the old style. Just by inferring from the word "hodo-yaki" and "hodo-steamed", which was the most common way of eating, this hot ash "Atsuhai" has another name of Hodaku, and Hod was originally the name of the place. there were. However, even in Ou, in many other regions, the name of erori as a whole cannot be used by hod alone, and the word hihod is used by adding fire to it. I think this is because I didn't know that the original idea of ​​Hikkyo Hod was generally obscure, and that it was a fireplace.
In the compound word of hijiro hihodo, the age when fire was pronounced as hi instead of ho must not be so old. However, it seems that the pronunciation of Hihodo was not particularly easy, and various dialects have already occurred in various places. If you list from the ones that are close to the original shape, even in the same land, there is a hibot in Kamihei-gun, but in Waga-gun, along with the southern part of the outer south and a part of Tsugaru and Akita, this is called a hibut. There is. Even in Tsugaru, the castle of Hirosaki is called Shihodo or Erigi, but the local people pronounce it as Shibot or Sipt, and there is Shibuto from the southern territory to the Kesen area. It is reported that Morioka, along with the Kazuno region, calls the furnace Hibito, but there is Shibito in the vicinity, and further south, Tono dialect magazine says Subito. In the Tosan region, Subuto, Sendai and Morioka both appear as Subito in the old collection records. When this happens, the furnace and brazier "hioke" become closer to the old word "subitsu", but it is not possible to compare them with just one example. In fact, neither Hibot nor this Subito coexist in the same county, and I do not think that they are different words from each other.
[# 5 indentation] 5 [# "5" is the middle heading]
In the same Tohoku region, and in the neighboring villages, there are a small number of cases where the furnace is called a giro, as mentioned earlier. The question then becomes Shiro and Hod, which is older and which is later, but I still can't say for sure. In the normal case, it should be seen that the words that match in the northeast and southwest, and at both ends of the country, began to spread earlier, but the location of Hod Hihod is also a corner of the country, especially a lot of old-fashioned. In addition to being a rugged area, literature and other supporting evidence are old in Hod, and the word Giro is rare rather than new. One reference is Echigo | In old stories such as Kambara, the god of fire in the house, that is, Kojin or Kamanokami, is called Hod God, and in Hokushin and Iwate prefecture, Hod. I haven't heard about Giro yet because there is an oral tradition that if you dig deeper, a poor god will appear or a monster called a single eye will appear. It seems that the furnace of the house in Miyakejima, Izu, was called Jiro, but only the volcanic pit still calls it Hod. However, when you go to Hachijojima, the crater is Kanado. There is one example of erori called Kanago in the Amada and Ikaruga areas of Tamba, and there is also an example of Kunugi, that is, firewood in Kanagi, in Mikawa and Echizen. Also seems to have been a noun meaning one furnace. Using a different word for the human fireplace, the fact that only the furnace made by God is called Hod Canad may prove that the latter is an even older existence. It is expected that it will be revealed by the discovery of the material one after another.
I don't know of any example of the distribution of the word hodo, which extends to the Chubu and Kansai regions, other than the fact that the kado is called Hinoboto at the southern end of Ise. , I think it was differentiated from the same one word. Kudo is not only a standard word for a long time in the Kinki region including Keihan, but also in the eastern shore of Kyushu to the wide area of ​​Sado and China in the west, and also in various parts of Ou in the north, in between In Kanto and Hokuriku, Sado, Kumano, and Awaji, there is the word Hideko, which is the closest to Hod, and they all mean modern-style painted Betzhi. In order to distinguish it from uncovered fireplaces such as Jiro and Erori, I just fixed the word of "Kamado", and if this word did not have a particularly strange meaning from the beginning, Also, I don't think it was an invented word with the new construction of the earthenware that I see now. Looking at "New Edition | Hitachi Kokushi", it is said that Hod and Kudo are the same in that region. From the suburbs of Tokyo to the western part of Shimosa, Kamadan, Joshu | Ora-gun, Kamandee, and to the east of it, Shimotsuke-Kawachi-gun, Shimosa-Sarushima | 》 In the county, it is even called Kamakkud. In other words, there was another Kudo that was not designed to carry today's tsuba-gama, which has no strings. It is not a new word that was diverted to the old name of Hetsuhi, Kamado, but Kudo was probably not a new word in western Japan. However, the fact that the word "hodo" came into the Ou region, which had been around for a long time, in the form of a kudo was the same as the custom of building a kado with soil. Was accepted as a different word, so from the perspective of Japan as a whole, I think that it is also an ancient word that has a long history.
[# 5 indentation] 6 [# "6" is the middle heading]
The introduction was unexpectedly long, but to summarize my theory, it looks like this. Before the Chinese word "ro" came into Japan, there were already some Japanese words meaning furnaces, which were allocated locally. That was Kanado Hod Shiro, and Shiro later changed to Jiro Hijiro, and Hod became Hihodo and remained in the Tohoku region. Was addressed to. Then, in the old flat furnace, a strange word called "erori" came in instead and sat silently. If no matter how you twist the Chinese word "ro", it will not be an erori, you need to find another word that was the undercard of the word, and you are interested in it.
I have already listed up to five dialects of prefectures that correspond to the so-called hearth, but there is still one other dialect that remains quite well from Noto to Ecchu. There is. Ennaka or Innaka is the most common type, but depending on the land, it is called Hennaka Henaka, sometimes also called Henka, and in some villages in Nei District, it is called Elennaka, but it is a little erori. near. Of course, it cannot be decided which is the source of the secondary corruption, but Ennaka can be understood as both inside the house and whereabouts, and Hennaka is influenced by the fire. On the contrary, Ellen Naka can be seen as a compromise with Erori. In any case, these names are still recognized as the same word among the locals.
It is close to Ellennaka in Nei District, and there are words such as Elenbata, Erebata, or Erebutu Erebot in Nishitonami District, both of which mean the fireside. Compared to the former, it can only be inferred that Ele hits Hod or Jiro. Therefore, there are few things that are clearly called "Iwaki" to overlook the existing sounds of each region. In Tohoku, there are Erigi in Hirosaki City, Ergi or Erge in Akita City, and Nugi in Yamamoto County next to it. There is Yurugi in Kazuno county, and in Fukushima prefecture, in addition to Irugi in Iwaki county, Yurugi such as Mogami, Aizu and Soshu Uraga, it flies. There is Eliri of Oki, Gokaura, and Gokaura. Perhaps because it is a difficult word to pronounce, even in a land where "Iru" is never called Yuru, there are many cases where it is called Yurori Yururi, and even people in East and West Nikyo carelessly call it Yururi. There is. One thing to be aware of is that there is a dropout of the R consonant in Kyushu, and it is natural that the word Yurui is used, but there is no other habit of Nagato Abu-gun. Suo, Kumage-gun, and some parts of Mikawa and Izu in the east are also pronounced Yurui or Yuri. There may be some hidden cause from the meaning other than what the phonologist can explain. I still want to go in this direction, even though I haven't been able to find a definitive solution yet.
[# 5 indentation] Seven [# "Seven" is the middle heading]
Returning to Karamete again, the problem can be considered from the following points as well. There are various sayings depending on the region that we go out to the public and swear by those who are not talkative and describe it as Kotatsu Benkei or Kotatsu Benkei. .. First of all, in Hyuga, Kyushu, the horizontal seat is Benkei, and the horizontal seat is the master's seat in front of the furnace. Rikuchu | Tono's Robuchi Benkei, I'm sure. Shinshu | Suwa is called Ebenkei, and Izumo is called Inochibenkei, but Mr. Goto in "Dialect" says that it is "inside the house." In Kazuno, Akita Prefecture, I think that Enonaka Benke is on the furnace side, as is the case with Ennaka in Ishikawa and Toyama. It must be considered that people are at home on nights or rainy and snowy days, and the bright and warm place in the house was the fireside donkey. Sado "Sado" has the word "Yurinata Benkei" in Mr. Yada's "Dialects", and that Yurinata is also the fireside. In Hida, it is also called Hinata, so Nata is about Nohata, that is, the fire and lily, but I was still in front of this lily, and Yururi was born after the machete. I think it's a word.
Of course, hod was important for life in the house, but the fire pot was also important. Not only was the order of the eldest child determined by the 爰 "here" and the authority of the patriarchal housewife was established, but also the festival of the fire god and the fortune-telling "Urado" were all held on this fireside tree. is there. Therefore, in Shinshu and other places, it is called "Okurabuchi", and it is also called "Okurabuchi" by criticizing Uchibenkei. Okra is the throne and means the altar of the god of Hod. I think the reason for McCobuchi and Tohoku is that the trees that used to be bifurcated were always placed here. There are various strange names such as Fusenbuchi and Hizuki, but I can't explain the meaning yet. The word Girobuchi Gironbuchi is also found on the islands, as well as in the already forgotten Chichibu region of the word Giro. It is natural that there should be a general name in the place where the people of the house on the four sides of the furnace sit down and eat and drink, and even in a land like Sado where you know the word Giro, it was Yurinata. is there. Yurinata in Sado was Yuribata in the Mogami region of Yamagata prefecture, Erubuchi in Otari in Shinshu, and Ennata in Noto and Kaga. In my imagination, all the occurrences of the word meaning the fireside of these were in the verb "is". Just as the ward with the fire pot in the house is called Nakai or Jau, and the place where you go out and face the customer is called Die, even from the seat facing the fire. There was a name that came out. I can't say what it was like, but wasn't it? ヰ means sitting, and ヰ means a seat. Eru was the earliest to change with Yurui, or it could also be Erubuchi, Yurinata, etc. Anyway, after that was done first and the meaning was forgotten, the fire of the furnace itself came to be called lily or er, so the hearth is a terrible address, but it is still that. It can be said that there was some basis for the letters on the back.
[# 2 indentation] (Appendix) This is a precise explanation of the lecture given by the Kinki Dialect Society in May last year, with some additional materials. My purpose is not to add knowledge of a single word. I want to warn you that the current dictionary method is dangerous.
[#New Page]
[# 3 indentation] About fire-blown bamboo, etc. [# "About fire-blown bamboo, etc." is a big heading]
[# 5 indentation] 1 [# "1" is the middle heading]
When I went to the field in early spring, I always remembered "Hisago" Ryogin,
[# Indent 3 characters from here]
Skylark 啼 《Hibari na》 Kuri is a stool 《Mayakoe》 Scattered Rare 《Chinseki》
Grandfather of Zenmon, who is blowing fire, Masahide, Masahide
The main hall is still a pillar of the rough wall "Arakabe".
Ryo's 袂 《Tamoto》 squeezed Tamahinu Hide
[# End of indentation here]
The appearance of this old farmer who shaved his head is particularly strange and nostalgic, but the sight of the old house's hearth that is drawn on the author's chest probably has nothing to do with Hibukitake. It would have been one. On the day when both children and women are out and working under the shining green sky outside, only one grandfather remains and is about to ignite the fire of Aiko. It seems that the appearance of passing through the spine of the buzz cut was felt in the best haiku.
I remember that there were no houses without fire-blown bamboo in the countryside when I was little, but I used it before, just as I was able to eliminate it one after another. Even though there were many farmers and the existence of this thing was already known at the end of Ashikaga, the fashion was unexpectedly slow because it was a small invention. The area known as Hibukitake wasn't always so wide to collect and see the local language that was needed around this time. First of all, in Kyushu, the common name for this product was Hiokoshi bamboo in each prefecture in the south. Okosu Okosu seems to come from the noun Oki, and at least it has nothing to do with burning fire. Adding fire to charcoal to ignite the fire is a task that began after the regular use of charcoal, that is, it was not until that time that the region was named for its utility. .. In the direction of Saga and Nagasaki, there is also the name Fusuri Bamboo. Fusuru seems to be a dialect of the verb smoky, so I know that this bamboo was already used for burning in this region, but as you can imagine from the name, it has not yet fully demonstrated its value. It looks like a verb.
Then, going east, the Chugoku region and Kinki should have been the territory of Hibuki bamboo, but the southern part of Yamato is still known as Ikitsugi bamboo. Blowing a fire was a daunting task. A woman smears her hair, steals smoke, and even if she sprays it, it becomes useless if she rests for a while. However, it is easy to replenish air with such an instrument, which means that the name comes from experience. Moreover, if it becomes necessary to save fuel and the so-called hearth "Irori" is trapped and the soil "Kamado" is dedicated, no matter how strong the old man's Zen gate is, this bamboo is not used. Can't blow fire. It has been a long time since the rural villages in the central flat area began to cook.
[# 5 indentation] Two [# "two" is the middle heading]
In the vicinity of Hamamatsu in Enshu, the dialect of fire-blown bamboo is still practiced. It is inferred from this that some other kind of equipment was used before Fukitake. Bamboo cylinders can be called jars, but they are more appropriate to name them, or they use something like a gourd. Wasn't it? The idea was to cut only one bamboo with knots and make a small hole in the bottom, but there are quite a lot of lands where bamboo cannot be obtained, and the drills were especially included in the houses. Not a tool. It is not a law to be relieved that the breathing that blows fire can be adjusted just by making such a small hole on it. It seems like nothing to think about later, but at first it was an invention, or a happy discovery. In some parts of Gunma prefecture, there is also a place where Hibuki bamboo is called Taubuki. Tau is usually a significant improvement, with minor changes to what was previously, to be a compliment for further convenience, or because it is also a Karabuki pot. It may have been an abbreviation. Japanese new reverence is usually stimulated by merchants. As a result, there were few handmade bamboos, and although they were boring, many homes were bought from rough shops.
The history of Hibuki bamboo is worth it for me alone. The main reason is that this thing is no longer in use, it disappears rapidly and is leaving no trace, so people forget the reason for the existence of the root, and from the beginning because of futile taste, anything like this This is because there is a risk of a quick break, as if we were chasing a non-fashionable trend. A powerful new culture that does not use fire-blown bamboo can be calculated for me up to three before and after. Everyone knows that the one that stabbed the end was the Rinsho "Match". You can even set fire with just one match, so of course you don't need Fukitake if you have it all over the place. Moreover, this thing has been in normal life for half a century, at most from the 10's of the Meiji era, and before that, it is close to the magic that people who come and go to open ports take it back and boast. Met. It is said that phosphorus swords are made from human bones, and the pure fire of the gods and Buddha is especially squeezed out with flint, and the merchants never get injured again. It wasn't until around the time that it was clearly stated for each box that it wasn't. Depending on the land, it is still called Rantsukegi or Ameraga, and it is clearly recognized as an imported culture.
Moreover, the attached tree "Tsukigi" was another new invention, and it was also a force to deny the social value of Hibuki bamboo, but in the history of ordinary fire, it may be intentional. I don't know, but I'm not going back anymore. If there was such a thing, it wouldn't be necessary to have a fire-blown bamboo. The word Tsukegi is not widely used all over the country. In the western half of Japan, especially on the side facing the Sea of ​​Japan, the existing trees are also called Tsukedake. It may be related to the word "burning" of bamboo, but we still understand that it is bamboo scrap. He dried it, stored it, and directly pressed a handful of it against the fire of the fire and blew it. Alternatively, dead grass and leaves were used instead. In the Kanto and Tohoku regions, making fire is called foottakel even in the era of phosphorus. The act of blowing was quite necessary. If there was a piece of wood with a piece of wood smeared with sulfur on its head, it would not have suffered from bending over and making the hair on its head full of ash.
[# 5 indentation] Three [# "three" is the middle heading]
The existing tree is generally called Ion in the upper part. There is also a land called Tachiyo. Tachiyo is, in other words, standing sulfur, and I think it is because I was able to put this tree upright for a while because I applied sulfur that easily catches fire only to the tip. In Tsugaru, Akita and others, this is also called Masatsukegi or Tauchikege. There was also a tree from the front because it was called "Totsukigi", but it was not enough to use such a tree "Masaki". The 柾 is bent into a thatched-roof box on the roof, or used for a pagoda called Masabotoke, no matter how poorly it is broken. It seems regrettable to use this as a fire, but with this, even if you make a bean-sized burial fire, you can freely ignite a large fire immediately. I don't know if I learned from China or came up with it in Japan, but anyway, it was a smart idea. There is abundant sulfur in Japan, but with such a simple combination of two things, it can be easily made into a product and transported to every corner. There is also the custom of putting a tree in return for a gift, or the story of a bride who was said to have no personality because she used a single tree without tearing it. In other words, it tells us that our parents paid a little excessive respect because this thing was an invention that had to pay money like Hibukitake. Let's go.
Hokuchi was also counted as the cheapest product, but there were still a few homes that were self-sufficient only in Yamamura. The material is very different for each land, and if you use the dead ears of Gama and Susuki, or if you take the rotten part of Kuchiki, a little Some people burned the fire and stored it, but the color was prized as black, such as bear bokuchi. Of course, this was because I liked the fire better, and I could do it right away by mixing charcoal powder, but it seems that even such a non-trivial device started with a merchant and was commercialized one after another. is there. It is not visible in the record when it started in Japan, but it was another new invention because it was accompanied by the use of the flint "Hiuchiishi". It's been a long time since it was a long time ago to burn a fire with a kite, and I don't know if anyone thinks that anything is a primitive culture, but that is also wrong. Speaking of the people as a group, they had the equipment and technology at the center of somewhere, but it took a long time and procedure to provide them freely to the houses. It took. Flint has a ridge, so there are many lands called Kado stone. Even if the Kado stone is picked up in the mountains or broken in the river, only one of the irons has to wait for the blacksmith to come and hit it. In particular, in order to put a small fire-cutting sickle such as "Hikirigama" in a kite bag "Hiuchibukuro" and take it anywhere, it is necessary to always sell it as a single product. However, in such an era, it was difficult to come to the countryside. It wasn't until then that Hokuchi became useful. Since the invention of the sulfur tree, it would have been nice to have a little bit of it, but in the past, a large amount of Hokuchi was used as a medium to ignite the fire and spray it on fire. It seems that the trace remains in the structure of the flint box in the early modern period. The flint box was rectangular and had two insides, with iron and flint on the smaller one, and a piece of hokuchi on one side. It seems that he cut off the fire of the kite and originally burned everything every time. Since it started using the so-called Ion, it only took a little bit. That is, the next invention always makes the previous one cheaper.
[# 5 indentation] 4 [# "4" is the middle heading]
This Hokuchi and flint before 《Hiuchiishi》 are especially nostalgic for us. Since it was a fire that could not be easily made when it was extinguished, it was important to have a relationship with the bride from the neighbor, and to turn off the fire in the furnace at homes. It became the duty of a young wife of a housewife who was a "Kanjin", and the next morning, she shook up the fire, and the technique of "Futtakeru" was also used. The invention of Hibuki Bamboo was an aid to this, or depending on the land, a house that came to the next Hokuchi, Tsuki, and Rinji era before it was fully bathed in its benefits. I think there is also. But this fire-blowing ancient style could not have been abandoned so easily, just like the exclusion of phosphorus. For example, on the eve of New Year's holidays and festivals, especially to prepare a clean fire and put it in the charge for preparing the gods the next morning, or to keep the same fire during the New Year. There is also a place that uses thick firewood such as Chihoda. It is still the skill of the family sword himself, and it is still the skill of the swordsman to put ashes on it and put it in a bright red smolder in the morning. It was seen as the basis of prestige. Of course, it is no longer necessary to gently borrow fire from the back door to the next house, but even so, in the old days | When the new bride, who has been "Taya", is standing at the gate [# "Take me to the way" is Mama], Haruka is heading towards him. One bonfire "Tamatsu" comes from. There is still an old tale of trying to lend a fire if you keep this casket. When I finally got the fire and put the casket in the storage room, I gently opened it after the New Year, and found that there was a lot of gold and platinum inside. The kind of beautiful fantasy that one can dream of followed. Unless you are a person who has come into contact with the real worries of life that blows fire, I think it is difficult to grasp the intention of old literary arts that connects these two great emotions.
It's not easy to discuss this kind of old days with people who have gas or electric fire pots, but it seems to us that this is a part of what can be called a scholarship of history. .. In fact, the path that our parents and uncles have taken is the correct path, and even now, some of our compatriots are naturally blocked, and the borderline that we are still unable to escape is also correct. To explain in more detail, the fire of the light "Tomoshibi" also has small stages and rapid changes. The method of obtaining water also differs from land to land, and many people are still unable to proceed, especially in the state of suffering from the troubles of the old people. It is true that many people are blessed with the fact that the present is no longer old and that the culture of the new Omiyo is a new culture, and that a small number of people are being leaked. What is the feeling of those who are chanting something like a difficult spell "Jumon", even though there are examples that can be explained to women and children in an easy-to-understand manner? Even so, it is strange to us.
[#New Page]
[# 3 indentation] Woman and cigarette [# "Woman and cigarette" is a big headline]
The fact that a woman smokes a cigarette is not a custom that started so long ago, but it is strangely familiar to Japanese life. During this time, I met one of my old friends, and it was funny to remember that when he was a little girl, he had a fluttering hairpin and a long smoke tube in his mouth. This lady's village is an old house in the village, and there are few people in the spacious hearth, and the mother is a worried person, and she seems to have been trying to forget her anxiety with cigarettes from beginning to end. It seems that he remembered that person. Another memory is that when my relative's wife, who is also an old woman, came to my wife, I made my house a Nakayado. I wondered what kind of bride I was, and when I greeted him, it was a beautiful thin silver pipe, showing small white teeth and smoking. I don't think I'll be able to see this kind of scene forever.
Itako, who came from Hachinohe in Oshu to play Oshira-sama in my house a few years ago, immediately answered that it was a cigarette when asked what he liked. This woman was already smoking in the fifteenth year. When my eyes got worse, Mr. Houjin of the institute told me to pray, so I asked him to cut off the cigarette, but I'm sorry if I can't see it. I didn't stop so-called "I". Then I finally became a shrine priest, so this woman and others have changed a little.
However, when I listened to this story, I suddenly noticed one thing. In the old royal family of Ryukyu, it is recorded that when the heads of the local maiden Noro went out to worship, they were always given a cigarette leaf as a gift. I'm scattered around. Miyako Miyako and Yaeyama's Oamo are able to cross the most dangerous rough seas and complete a once-in-a-lifetime visit to Sankin. Was understood as the special grace of the gods, and was an undesired honor for the ordinary people. The fact that something commemorating such a big human event was a dish that quickly turned into smoke and disappeared was because there was some hidden power that we could not grasp yet in this shadow. Smoke. It felt to me that it was gradually gathered by the story of this Osadako.
According to the story of a person born in Toyoma, Rikuzen, his father put three pinches of each piece on a new fire before smoking every morning and chanted it. He said that he offered the cigarette by saying, "Jizo-son of Namu Abohara, please get rid of all the illnesses of" Kochu "in the mouth." .. It is said that the Jizo of Abohara is located in Karita-gun, but I haven't visited it yet and haven't seen it in books. Is there any other religious event like this? I'm trying to collect a few more examples. Shinshu ｜ Kitaazumi 《Kita Azumi》 county's local magazine shows that in this county ｜ Hokujo village Kirikubo, a young woman who used to be a demon became a demon. There is a rock shop called Okaruana, which is said to have entered. There is a story about the oral tradition in "Otarikouhishu", but when I covered the face with a cigarette and shook my mother-in-law, I couldn't take that face. It seems that it is not the first one, but there was a wind at the mouth of this hole where the villagers brought cigarettes and offered them. Okaru is said to have liked cigarettes, and it is said that if he puts it in the mouth of a hole, it disappears before he knows it, but it is unknown when he offered it. In the northern part of Akita Prefecture, in the village of Kurosawa in Edago, Yukisawa Village, the guardian, the thunder god, Raijin-sama, is a villager. It is said that he avoided all the cigarettes first and foremost, but he does not know what is happening now. Even in a village called Hiroto near Nishitsugaru Fukaura Fukaura, all men and women used to smoke. I don't tell you the reason for this, but I think it's probably from faith again. These two facts can be seen in Mr. Sugae's "Brush Mani / \". It sounds like a small thing, but the feelings of those who first came up with this or easily agreed to it are still mysterious. In Nagao Village in Noto, there was a tobacco seed that was given by Kobo Daishi in the olden days, and it was a specialty. In Satsuma's Kanmuri-dake, there was also a natural cigarette called Soga Tobacco, which was associated with Soga no Umako. There is also such a surprising belief.
A long time ago ｜ When I was in Jussy << Switzerland >>, there was a person who said that Islam seems to be a religion suitable for Asia << Asia >>. Even if he believed in Yasokyo, he would soon awaken, but it was said that no one who entered Islam would come out. I remember answering that cigarettes seem to be the same. In official history, only cigarettes are our juniors to Westerners, but in the way of intoxication they outperform their teachers. At least I'm saying what the Westerners don't do. I think it's a point to think about. A long time ago, an old woman from a relative taught me that sometimes it's so sweet and delicious that I can't say anything about smoking with a pipe. It seems that these people thought and said that it was a thousand eyes. Opium does more than war in China, but when the whites first bring it to Xiamen's garrison, they simply mix cigarettes. It seems that it was sold as a thing. This is the difference between the words nomu, suck, and sway. I don't know how it was in the early days, but at least today's Westerners just smoke their mouths and rarely smoke through their nostrils. On the contrary, we smoke very bad cigarettes, but many people still don't know that they have to breathe to the bottom of their breath. Therefore, I wonder if there is something in the other book that has an effect on the nervous system. The custom of smoking cigarettes is certainly related to the ancient Morahi, the psychology of eating together. I used to see a close friend of a woman doing something, but not just to lend a cigarette or set it on fire, but to smoke slowly and then give it to the other person. .. I don't know how it changed as a cigarette these days, but the fact that this wind was especially popular in Yukaku is well seen in the literature of Ichii in the early modern period. Sucking cigarettes is rather a new word, and before that it was also called Tsukezashi. As everyone knows, Tsukezashi was originally a method of sake. In other words, instead of cutting the drops of the sake cup, I think that by handing it to the person who thinks it, it was probably the first time to drink it separately from the same vessel. It was natural that it became a method of communicating the feelings of men and women, and that was the reason why young people's sake cups, which often resulted in blade injuries, arose. If the supply of cigarettes used the same name as the god, the purpose was to share the feeling of ecstasy that comes from the different types of cigarettes, so the god had the purpose of sharing the ecstasy. I think there was no coincidence between the desire to offer the grated cigarette and the purpose of offering the first ear of cigarettes to Jizo. There is a mysterious interest in why the women who worship the gods of the distant remote islands consumed the dozens of tobacco leaves that they once received from the court, but it is not easy to ask them from now on. However, I think it is possible to carefully collect and see the traces of old experiences, from the Japanese way of life. Even if the words do not convey what expresses it, if it is a strong sense, it must be revealed in some form. Then the problem goes one step further, and I think it can be linked to the long-standing custom of incense and faith.
[#New Page]
[# 3 indentation] Transition of drinking [# "Transition of drinking" is a big headline]
[# 5 indentation] 1 [# "1" is the middle heading]
The custom of drinking alcohol must be unique to Japan, that is, it has been going on for a long time, but there is a big transition between the past and the present. As a Japanese, I must know this clearly. Unless we are fully aware of this transition between ancient and modern times, each person is still not free to decide whether or not to drink alcohol.
Even if I read the book, I couldn't find out how the way of drinking alcohol changed. Moreover, there is another way to know it, so many people still remember it, especially in recent history. It seems that the amount of each person drinking has decreased significantly compared to half a century ago. It is true that the number of Shimodo has increased, but the number of heavy drinkers has decreased, and average consumption is declining. The anecdote of the so-called Toshu, a kind of liquor maker who never resigns, is gradually entering the realm of old tales. Originally a New Year's street scenery, a drunken worshiper,
[# 3 indentation] If you look at Namayohi's gracious person, you will cross the highway.
What was sung as such, though it is not inexhaustible, has become a very rare sight today. Drinking disorder is recognized as a kind of illness, and as a treatment for it, abstinence is immediately offered. Many girls and children are unaware of the miserable sights such as the opening of a booth store, which used to be an accessory for celebrations. This is clearly a kind of acute poisoning symptom, but it can also be interpreted as evidence that the master's hospitality was as thorough as it was. There was no one who frowned on this care, and the women usually took care of it as a cleanup after the banquet.
Because the price of liquor was cheap before, not only because of the economic reason that he drank a lot, but in general, the poison of liquor may have been a sudden drama in the past. Looking at the records of the Middle Ages, even at public banquets, there are many people who are unidentified, such as medulla oblongata or chinsui, and those who make such mistakes. It is written as if there were many. Although it was higher, the quality of sake is now much better than its predecessor. On top of that, the taste has improved, the colors have become more beautiful, and fortunately or unfortunately, they have gradually become qualified as luxury items.
[# 5 indentation] Two [# "two" is the middle heading]
It can be said that one of the reasons is that the number of opportunities to drink alcohol has increased significantly compared to the past. If there aren't many people who want to drink at any time, the sake brewery cannot be established as a business, and the shop called "Mataroku" will become prosperous. It didn't happen either. It is a dispute that since the retail method of "Binzume" was devised in recent years, it suddenly became easier to obtain sake even in remote villages, and therefore the habit of drinking alcohol became widespread. I don't know, but the practice of drinking at any time has already been officially approved, and it is at least a secondary new cause. The liquor store was, so to speak, a business that took advantage of this human weakness and prospered again.
Moreover, it is also a fact that in the old days of purely self-sufficient economy, there was no way to get the sake to drink. Opportunities to drink were limited, and it was expected from the beginning. There is no mistake in saying that it was almost the same as the day when sake was offered to God. Then, I calculated the day and prepared at my niece's house so that I could drink on that day, so of course I was not free to consume, of course, I can drink good sake. It couldn't have been. As long as people were able to get it, Machikata would always be able to order the Komo headgear, and for the first time, a banquet like today would be held at any time. It is undisputed that the spread of sake became easier immediately with the invention of this Shitodaru. Moreover, the work of the tub shop, that is, the technique of tying large tubs and barrels with bamboo, was not known even in the city until the early modern period.
Before that, sake was made in a sake bowl << Sakame >>. As you can see in the text of "Sarashinanikki", the jar was built in the ground, and a smaller bottle "Kame" was used to carry the sake. There was a village tub to make sake in the village, and it seems that a square barrel for gifts was also made, but all of them are bent products made by bending a cypress board and binding it, so it is so big. It seems that it was not a container. In many lands of Shikoku and Kyushu, the day after the feast or the day after the feast, gathering helpers and family members to serve food and drinks for comfort is still known as "bottle bottom drinking" and "bottle koshikashi". It is also called. In the northern part of the country, it was also called "Korizake". In other words, the liquor prepared for this feast is said to be drunk to the bottom and the bottle is rolled at this time, so it is probable that after this day, the liquor-free days continued for a long time. However, even under such circumstances, only the New Year's sake, offerings to the gods, or the sake that is drawn with the New Year's guests is known in advance, or only one bottle of sake for the festival after the autumn harvest. It seems that he made extra and left it, and there is no evidence that he was preparing New Year's sake even though there were various preparations for living. I don't know when such a convenient method started, but it seems that the storage of sake started steadily with the motivation.
In the previous New Year's celebration songs, there was often a phrase that made me happy with the incense of old sake. It is certain that I was counting on it as one of the pleasures of the New Year. It is not difficult to imagine that storage was the source of improvements in sake brewing technology. At least, the sake in the store has high and low quality, and if you can make good sake such as Amano from Nara or Kawachi, people will get a good reputation. Came to want to drink after hearing the name. That is the origin of the word "Meishu". It is a rare phenomenon that sake was originally made by women, but most of these famous sakes were produced in Terakata, which has no connection with women. Looking at the diary of the Kyoto people in the latter half of Ashikaga, another sake called "Inaka" was presented and prized by the locals. Of course, the countryside is called "Inaka", but of course it is a millionaire's house, but since we are going to bring our proud handmade sake to Kyoto, the wind of storage is already wide. 》 There was a kind of liquor that was persevering without drinking in one house. However, those who would be free to drink were probably limited to the influential people. In fact, the ordinary Japanese also made their own sake with the intention of drinking a lot during the autumn grain season, especially during the season when autumn grains are abundant, so it would be nice if they could store it. It seems that most of them got together and drank.
[# 3 indentation] Sake tub in the village from autumn
There is also an appendix "Tsukuku" of "Ara no Shu". Or again
[# 3 indentation] Futsu / \ Naru peeping "Peeping" Amazake "Amazake"
There was also a phrase such as "Zokusarumino", and until this time, many people were looking forward to the day when amazake was fermented and turned into sake. It goes without saying that it was a good day, only a few, in a year or a lifetime. So when the day finally came, I took off all of them and got drunk.
[# 5 indentation] Three [# "three" is the middle heading]
Another limitation is that in the old days, alcohol was always gathered and drunk. Not only was it unthinkable for people of that era to be alone with a hand drink, but even now, when I see the face of a person after a long time, I think of sake or approach for the first time. What I couldn't help but drink was the unconscious continuation of the old-fashioned style. It seems that this kind of joint eating and drinking was the sake brewing, and the mole was an automatic form of the word Moraf, one vessel with others. Of course, if there is a proper role of the host, even if it is a drinking class for each person, if you do not drink as much as you want and get drunk, you will not have achieved the purpose of this sake brewing. In other words, it was a very important method of socializing in the same lineage as slurping blood and tying brothers' goodness in other peoples, and therefore also required various difficult manners.
There are many lands that still strictly adhere to the old manners, such as weddings and banquets on the way back from the trip. The most different point from our daily drinking is that it was as big as a sake cup. The reason why the large cups were made up of three sets and five sets was that each of the same cups was "Sakazuki", and the troupe swallowed them one after another. It was repeated three times three times, and it was not limited to the couple's cup. When it comes to big troupes, it's not easy to wait for the cups to come around. At first, it is also called a forward flow or a funnel, and it goes down from the seiza to the left and right in a different way, and later it is also called a climbing cup or a saliva, so that the person in the last seat starts and turns upward. He asked for a change, but in any case, until the big cup came, the funnel rang his throat and swallowed his spit, and he was looking forward to it. .. After this certain number of sake cups were completed, the sake cup of this type was completed first, but if you are a weak person, you will come by that, and there are some people who are not satisfied with this. Various customs began later in order to intoxicate those drinkers. In some cases, he danced a song called "fish", or declared that he would give an unexpected gift, and then drunk another drink with his excitement. Of course, the owner of the hospital is "Teishugata", but he is also "strong", so it is displayed as "Kantai", and customers are dissatisfied if he is not good at recommending it. Therefore, heavy drinkers are selected as companions as much as possible, and their skills are highly evaluated. A man with a strong liquor and an interesting story appears in front of the customer, and a small-scale drinking begins both there and here, calling him "Oh". Alternatively, customers may call each other "Sakazuki" and play an agreement that if you drink, I will also drink, or carry a cup called "Kaminari Cup" that you do not know where to fall. Then, I took it to a drinker who knew the truth, or tried to give it to someone who was a little reluctant to drink it. When I listened to the liveliness of the banquet seats aside, I usually found such boring questions and answers. However, people who are still annoyed by doing so can be both those who want to drink and those who do not want to drink, so in order to make this even more free, it is called "Meimei Cup". Was invented. It is a slightly small sake cup "Nurisakazuki" that is separated one by one, and is attached to each guest's set "Ozen" from the beginning. Since I started using this, I could finally drink it all at once without waiting for the group's large sake cups to come around. Today's small white Setomono chok is a further evolution of this "Meimei Sake Cup", and of course it is a convenient vessel that drinkers 200 years ago never imagined. On the other hand, it has made the way of drinking sloppy, which is very different from the old days. Perhaps the purpose or motive of the drinker has changed completely with the advent of this pottery cup. Tokkuri may have been used to heat sake a little earlier, or independently, but at least there was no such thing as a sake bottle. Rinsing the sake cup with this is called Aratamel, which means that it is originally a different sake cup, and a woman named Mitsue Akakashi of "Konjikiyasha" However, as you can see by saying, "I haven't changed it," and even if you look at the sake cup, you can see that it is originally in the same cup. I didn't change it because it was the principle. Some even think it's Aratamel to drink it brilliantly today. First of all, I have forgotten the previous work.
[# 5 indentation] 4 [# "4" is the middle heading]
It seems that the literati of China "Sina" had a work that praised the taste of self-reliance for a long time, but in this "here", ordinary people still want a partner for sake. He sits in front of someone who drinks alone, and sometimes tries to give him a drink. There are many people who feel sorry and bad habits for those who sneak up on their hands. The cause of this can still be asked now. Nowadays, even gentlemen can gradually hear that they wore the goodwill of the stall shop "Yataimise", but until recently, people who valued their personality, such as drinking a glass of sake, were able to listen to it. Was impossible at all. Even in liquor stores, there is a store called "Izakeita", and those who stop by there are people who can't line up at the liquor table for many years. It was a drink because people who couldn't drink on a sunny day, such as a hanging person or a servant, would stay there and drink instead of buying it. This is called Dehai, Tepatsu, or Kakuuchi, all with funny names like jargon. Moreover, this was after the number of houses selling liquor increased, and I had never had such an opportunity before.
However, the dialect of this cup of sake still remains in Tokushima Prefecture and elsewhere, and the origin of this custom can be almost understood. Genzo, when written in Chinese characters, is "seeing", that is, "seeing", which means meeting a person who has changed or has changed for the first time. In the Kanto region, only the banquet where Satoshi visits his wife's house for the first time, or both relatives approach each other as relatives, is called Genzo or Ichigen, but Ichigen is the first visit. There is no reason to limit it to wedding days. In fact, in Kansai, the Bon New Year's Yabuiri is Genzo, and the old servant's visit to the former Lord is Genzo again. Ogenzo with honorifics on it is nothing more than a face-to-face meeting with a superior. In "Kyogenki", "Tomorrow will be a genzo" means that the status of a servant will be determined. In other words, more than today's appearance, the ceremony to finally make a master-slave contract was a sight to see. In such cases, sake is given. In Kyogen, I usually use a fan, and somehow, I use a fan, because one of them drinks a drink and gives a drink only to his servants. Putting something like a lid on your face is the act of drinking. In other words, even at that time, it was the servant who drank alone, and there was no tribute to his master. After that, instead of letting them drink, I decided to do the money of the sake maker "Sakate", but in an old-fashioned house, it is better to drink a drink for those who go in and out. I can still occasionally see the so-called "I" sitting on the edge of the kitchen and drinking alone with his relative "Oyaji" bowing. In the days when large farmers had handmade sake, this was a powerful weapon for housewives to work men. In Tohoku, a small one-handed vat, also known as a hiyake, was made for this purpose. A person who has a special pain to scoop up the turbidity or mashed sake directly from the liquor bottle "Sakame" and hook it up in the cold. I was caring for him. Of course, such rudeness cannot be done to "of course" equal guests. In other words, tilting a drink alone without a partner was just a privilege of having a master.
There is no doubt that the origin of today's so-called evening drink was the same as that of the sword. This sake is called Ochifure in Gifu prefecture, and also called Yatsugai or Eiki in the eastern half of Kyushu. The meaning is not clear yet, but in various prefectures such as Kagoshima and Kumamoto, the term "diame" or "dariyami" clearly means to heal fatigue, that is, sake that workers are drunk for comfort. It was the meaning of. In Tokyo, it is also called Oshikise, but Shikise is originally the clothes that are given to the servants. It's a strange story that the dignified family's husband, Danna, is attached to the dressing, but it can only be thought of as a kind of drama, a reward for the day he worked, because it was completely a housewife. .. Even housewives don't want to have a drink at home every time, so I think they were happy to drink it alone, regardless of whether it was moderate or unreasonable in their name. Even though I was given such an unfortunate name and smiled bitterly, I was given a bottle for dinner and struck my head to drink, so in the end, the sake was too much. Well, I couldn't forget the taste I once drank with people, and on days when it wasn't a celebration or a memorial, and I wasn't happy or sad, I had a habit of wanting to drink. This is also because it has become a convenient world where you can get the amount you need immediately even in the middle of the night if you want to buy it. I think that people in the old days drank a little sake every night with the approval of their wife, just because there was something called sake in Japan from the old days of the gods. It's a big mistake.
[# 5 indentation] 5 [# "5" is the middle heading]
It became a little difficult to give evidence, but we think that pre-medieval liquor was much worse than it is now. The purpose of drinking it is mainly to get drunk rather than taste, so in difficult words, I wanted to experience the abnormal psychology brought about by sake, so I gave it to the gods and all of their sons, Ujiko, drank it. In other words, it was from the desire to share this earthly feeling. Even now, when I'm dating new people, I feel like I can't forgive my heart and talk with each other unless I get drunk once after drinking, but that's why it still remains reasonably strong. In traces, we are entering today's new culture, with this old-fashioned half-split. If there is any abuse of alcohol, it can be said that the current transitional period is especially prone to its harmful effects. That is, we are trapped on the one hand by old names and promises, while on the other hand we are pushed by the new transport economics and flow in the middle, which is most convenient for us. I think we must quietly reflect on the relationship between the old and new.
Since the next big change happened, mysteriously, the Japanese research spirit and the ability to invent have made a big leap. Attention was paid to tangible and intangible problems that had never been considered before, and the fact that new measures were steadily taken up is a clear proof that the intelligence of the people is outstanding. I think that. There is no better time to see what the compatriots have inadvertently overlooked as a problem. There can be no reason why only the scholarship of history alone may stay in the old knowledge and the original method forever. With regard to the merits of drinking habits, we must be aware of the changes in circumstances between the present and the past so that we can clearly recognize whether the current situation is in line with the welfare of the country. It's not. If the historical knowledge that each person can freely judge is not yet available, then the study of history must be advanced at least to the extent that it can be obtained if requested. I think it's a shame for a competent leader to be constantly swayed by private debates, but without any confidence or even to say yes or no.
[#New Page]
[# 3 indentation] Ordinary literature [# "Ordinary literature" is a big headline]
[# 5 indentation] 1 [# "1" is the middle heading]
In May 1945, I went to Oki Islands for the first time. When I was staying in the town of Saigo, there was a celebration at the branch of the Taishakyo near the inn, and the island's famous village sumo wrestling was in a big economy. I got in from the villages. That was the unfortunate pattern of hate, and it was a time when I had to interrupt several times and haven't made any progress yet. It seems to be very busy, so I borrowed an umbrella and went out to see the situation in the evening. From the surrounding teahouses, many lights are swaying, and the voice of a simmering sake can be heard. The backers of Murakami Sumo are drinking because it's boring. The men are just noisy, and I don't say that they are all dressed up, but the woman is singing in a good voice. Around the age of 345, he first wore a towel and a sash, and then wore his usual clothes on a short hem. I thought maybe the teahouse's wife was carrying sake and was in a good mood, but when I looked closely, I rounded up one seat and moved to the next store across the reed blind. go. Then, there were still some women of the same age who had come and sang. The person named geisha is suitable for this land, and lives a life that is not different from other places. It's probably unacceptable to call it all at once, but I just knew that this kind of singer was still on this island.
At first, I thought it was a companion from the village, but when I was listening to the greetings, I was playing with the people I met when I came here. What kind of life woman is it that there are many acquaintances if you come to such a place, and that you are known to be good at singing? There seems to be some reward, even if it's not a profession, but when I asked it, I was laughing and no one told me. There are many such light-hearted women on the island. Some people said that they would just drink alcohol and make a fuss about it, but I still couldn't help it. A ghostly memory comes back to me. Even in the countryside of the Kanto region, forty years ago, I feel like I saw the same scene in the evening at a corner of a teahouse on a fair day. It seems that liquor could not have been developed into a liquor even in the old days without a woman's partner and the most cheerful person. It is new that professional women like today have been officially approved by paying taxes. It is not difficult to imagine that there was the same demand before that. However, our knowledge of social history cannot answer how many people were in charge of it.
In dialect collections such as certain islands in Kyushu, it is stated that the so-called "Sakamori" is to meet men and women to drink alcohol, and the alcohol that only men drink is not called the prime of sake. I also think this is old-fashioned. An example is ridiculous, but a woman also participated in the ceremony of the morning house's fine weather, and simply served during the sake cup. Not only do they do, but they also see in their diary that "I also get drunk." Considering that sake belongs to the management of the swordsman, and that the person who brewed it was also a mother-in-law, it is nod that it was official to distribute it by their hands. .. However, the virtues of the early modern period have made great progress, and many chaste people have hated them, and the only question is who was the first to take over the job.
[# 5 indentation] Two [# "two" is the middle heading]
Before the abuse of sake in the Mappo era, it was one of the formulas to make sure that those who should drink it should drink it, and the song of solicitation was a kind of work song. Therefore, the role of the woman who participated in this was more difficult than I had expected. In order to get them to be accompanied by soldiers and horses, even in a world where a boy with a clear eyebrows was used to replace it, it is a fan to kneel. It was to sing as a song, or to dance as a singer. This wind is still transmitted to the formal feast. It wasn't just a side dish to munching on sashimi and kamaboko, which were full of dust. When the number of seated guests is from a foreign country who is not familiar with them, or when the number of swordsmen who do not speak the manners increases, the mere woman can finally endure the mission. Gradually, the tendency to entrust this to those who have undergone specialized training has become remarkable in cities.
This sake ceremony seems to have been strictly protected for a while in the countryside. Aside from the fact that there was always no reserve of sake in the sake bottle and the chances of using it were extremely limited, the people in the seats were people who did not care about each other and sang a song loudly. However, there was no concern that it might seem like a lotus leaf. The feeling that a banquet was called Utage in our language would not have been possible without the most enthusiastic participation of women. If you have grown up in an old-fashioned village, even younger people will have the same impression as I do. When a small number of swordsmen, who tend to be reluctant, or a rather confusing and solid grandmother, such as a sword, come out to the seats of fine weather many times in a generation, He gave a dash and recommended a sake cup, and if desired, he sang cheerfully something that fits the scene, such as a small song. It is not necessary to explain in detail that it was more than just an interest, it gave a kind of anomalous impression. Overall, songs were much more valued among farmers than they used to be. This fact was rarely conveyed to "rare", and it was finally calculated in the daily routine of serious women. I don't know if I'll be singing depending on the situation today, even if I'm prepared for it, or if it's an improvisation of the momentum of sickness, there's no other practice than listening to it. Most women always had unsung songs in their hearts. The roots of folk songs were unexpectedly deep. The opportunity for it to sprout and open with flowers was so far away in later years that no one noticed that it had withered and had no traces. Looking back from now on, we can almost trace the path that the song has moved into the hands of professionals these days. At the beginning, there was a frequent transplant of the popular song "Hayari Uta". Older people couldn't keep up with it, and even if they tried to imitate it, it was just strange, so somehow they stood on the side of the pure listener, and later. There are many people who find it difficult for young people to sing. Near my birthplace, there lived a poor widow, Kafu, a two-tiered widow. I was just looking forward to the growth of my grandson, and I was living with a day laborer, but the old lady eventually became an old man. We were amused to hear that we were always singing a song.
[# Indent 3 characters from here]
Sake is good for liquor tea is good for teahouse
The girl is in Shinmachi, Osaka
[# End of indentation here]
It must have been a new song from a long time ago. This old lady listened to it and remembered it. When sake is free, banquets are held everywhere. Then, a woman who sold the liquor unchecked and had cancer intentionally sang a different kind of song, and separated the men from the old-fashioned liquor. The fact that the liquor store was newly established and the wife of the house lost control of the liquor was the most important cause of the decline of ordinary people's literary arts.
[# 5 indentation] Three [# "three" is the middle heading]
In the seaside villages, ships began to come and go to Minato in the distance, and women's songs were gradually lost, and only men shook their voices and swiftly liquor seats. It is also believed that he was supposed to become a wolf. Even now, on the lonely beaches of the Sea of ​​Japan, the old boats that have been scared and left behind are the boats that made a rough profit at night and day off the coast, but when they come back, they do not go home. I hear from time to time that the daughters of the village are summoned and served with sake, but I don't think it was as messy as the people of the town originally imagined. There were many similar events in rural areas. Usually, after the autumn harvest is over, men and women are allowed to play together on a set date. Then there was sake and a song in that seat. Some enthusiasts are trying to conclude, as if it was an officially recognized opportunity for free dating, but in that way this wind cannot last for a long time. .. As we all know, love was accompanied by jealousy and required monopoly. Therefore, of course, it would have been a guide to a normal marriage, but the style was not necessarily disturbed by this. If there was a bad habit that had to be blamed, it was learned and conveyed by another new experience, the frivolous love song of another kind of woman who participated in the rehearsal as the style of brewing gradually changed. I think this is the result of the girl in the village listening to her silently. Recently, in the Yamaura region of Suwa, hundreds of songs remembered by an old woman from the land, Koike | Yasuemon, have collected them. Interestingly, more than half of the songs were the words of Dodoitsu, which was sung by the maiden Gijo, around the new town of Nagakubo, which separated the ridge. .. If the daughters of the village were to imitate and sing such things, their spirits would have changed. Even if I listened to it silently, the style wouldn't have gone wrong. In any case, their own feelings and talented algae have lost their chance to be found and selected. It is unavoidable that it was easy to make a so-called affair. Fortunately, such a situation started late in Japan and passed early. Then, we are still deciding what goal we should try each other's hearts next. It is recognized in other fields that it is necessary to reconsider the usage of private literary arts that has been buried for a long time. Therefore, it is necessary to carefully investigate the traces of negotiations with him. It is okay for me to be seen as the behavior of a quiet person, but it is not desirable for the sake of the world.
[# 5 indentation] 4 [# "4" is the middle heading]
It has already been concluded in the introduction of "Kokonshu" that the song was a harmony between men and women. I think that it is not a new phenomenon that has begun in the world of colored paper "Shikishi" and strips "Tanzaku", but until now it has been written. It is easy to think that only those who have been educated in Japan have such a privilege, that is, the relationship between men and women who sang by mouth does not have to be relieved, and there are a few who thought that it was not necessary. It was. However, the reality is just the opposite, and despite the fact that the fate was ritualized and formalized in the upstream adoption, the profane was just sung. Even after the management of sake and song was transferred to women with easy morals in towns and harbors, the relationship between these two things and marriage was close. It was a law that didn't suit them that the man always tried to wear this order even when he wanted a tentative overnight companion. Such strange practices cannot happen suddenly. It can be seen that the sake brewing was once a very important opportunity to determine the happiness and unhappiness of a person's life, but rather it was passed down in an attempt to infer from this direction. In modern Yuto literature, the story of being obsessed with sake and being moved by the song and having an unmeasurable connection is full. Unless you are a very quiet person, it is natural that there is no one who can do such a thing by now, but it is a social minister before that, that is, people rarely travel outside their place of residence, and teahouses In a world where Iromachi wasn't available yet, knowing that it was a very serious method of spouse selection that had already been used, as long as there are no other records, it is indirect. It must be used as a material for.
[#New Page]
[# 3 indentation] The story of Kouri Island [# "The story of Kouri Island" is a big headline]
In Okinawa, there is an island called Kouri in the open sea of ​​the port of Unten, where Tametomo landed in the olden days. It is a bare island with very few water, but it seems that there is an old story of a distant god that can be remembered by the name of the island. The origin of the islanders was from the two brothers and sisters, but in order to make the "here" a human island, they were taught by a sacred bird and formed a relationship with the couple. Therefore, it is said that this island is still called Kouri. Bending "kohi" into kouri and la lines is the verb usage of Okinawa, and if written in literary language, it would be Koishima.
The same story as this is already recorded in medieval books as the origin of Tosa's younger sister, Imosejima. Furthermore, if you look at the islands in the southwest, there is no such example, and even among the people who are assigned to the mountains of Taiwan, "Banmin", this oral tradition is preserved in almost every village. In a simple and simple reasoning method, it was natural to incest the origin of mankind, and between them, like Noah's Ark, the world became flooded and the thought of God. There was even a belief that only those who sang the leaves survived. In Sado, there is a legend that a man and a woman drifted from two countries, Noto and Tosa, met and became the founders of the islanders here, but that is probably a fantasy. It was a leap after the wings were aligned. On the island of Hachijo, it is called Taneuba, or "Ro" Kakominyoko, and holds the turret at the time of the big tsunami, and lives alone. It is said that the women who are said to have been tsunami were fortunate enough to keep the human species because they were pregnant at that time and later gave birth to a boy.
Regarding the fact that this story had been done for a long time, I'm sure there will be someone who will explain the mysterious reason in later years, but that is not something I am trying to do now. What I would like to offer as a small topic is the evolution of the surprising content of the only Japanese word, coffee. Our words are big and small, and it seems that there is nothing that does not originate in something that has a tangible origin, something that can be touched by the eyes, but at any time this word is What kind of motive has made it so great that it's hard to measure, without knowing how to go like this? If possible, I would like to quietly consider this issue again.
Perhaps someone has already explained that "koifuru" has the same word as the verb "kofu". In each case, the words were differentiated according to the circumstances of time and society. On the other hand, "Beghi" was used only as a type of our behavior from beginning to end, and while it did not show any ridiculous inflection, "Kofuru" was limited to the relationship between men and women. Only words were used for different purposes, and there was a lot of need for memory and imagination, so they gave rise to nouns, which were adjectives a little later. Moreover, the human as long as there is, it was not causative this one word without endlessly. Buraku is the only place of activity for romance, and my younger sister, Imo, and her back, line up the sleeves on the morning and evening, and look at the face. If it was a life that could be spent, there were few cases where we had to think of it as love, let alone the adjective "love". However, it is our history that was the exact opposite of this. The man's work was in Noyama, in the sea, or in the sky of a distant journey. Even so, young people had a Japanese marriage system, as long as the former swordsman, Ietoji, ruled the house, so that they would break up during the day and live as a mountain bird. One of the main causes of the literary arts that love is richer than anything else lies in the "here".
At first, I think it was a visible human act that was probably very familiar. The example is right next door, but it's almost forgotten. As a term for sumo wrestling in the Middle Ages, the so-called "hands" was to challenge. Some of them can be seen in Chapter 15 of "Kokon Chomonju", but to name a few, a man named Tokihiro, "Frequently" Tokihiro will not be decapitated if he is young and will be defeated by Sumo Souhei. If Souhei is defeated, Souhei will be decapitated again. " Alternatively, a sumo wrestler named Hiromitsu despises a young sumo wrestler named Inari and says, "Put out your left hand and pull out." There is also this "Take the left hand of Hiromitsu's hand with the right hand of Inari", so nowadays, the act of assembling or starting is originally called Tekov. It was. Its usage is also different from ordinary begging, but even if there is a noun called tekohi, even the adjective that expresses the desire is used in sumo wrestling. There was no need. Because of the lack of change, it eventually became an abandoned word.
Contrary to this, the content of the word love gradually became more elegant to the outside, which should be called the virtue of Waka. However, it cannot be said that the people are still trying to take on their own meaning until they are instructed. Therefore, unless this whole word is dismissed, it is inevitable that the meaning of the two voices of voice will constantly confuse this understanding. Even in modern literature, Ihara | Saikaku, etc. may be understood that because that person is originally a materialistic view of history, he tries to bring anything to the circumstances on the back side, but in reality it is. Was an old-fashioned profane coffee. So even if you look at Basho's humble haiku,
[# Indent 3 characters from here]
Souvenir of pine cone Takekuma "Tsuto" Basho
If you're in love with a grass pillow, you can't do it.
A word to tell the god of Chimata << Goto >> Sora << Sora >>
[# End of indentation here]
I can imagine this kind of floating world. Or, Ichiren, one of the famous "Sumidawara"
[# Indent 3 characters from here]
Uha Oki no Hoshino, Kiza, Mumoha no Sora, Nobo, Yaba
On days when I don't go out on horses, I fall in love with Uchi, Basho.
Seven lower skein of skein buying saga ri gyu
[# End of indentation here]
Obviously, this is the life of the most mediocre person in Fuseya, and the waka poems have already been dismissed, and the haiku still takes up its objective taste and sings with mercy. It was "long". In Gibaku's "Zokuekasen", etc., it is explained by a monryu, but the meaning is no longer understood and it is made into a picture like a puppet show. In such a short period of time, words changed their meaning under the influence of scholarship, and gradually estranged the senses of old people.
When I read the love songs of "Kokon" and "Rokujo" now, there is one in ten songs of marriage proposal, and about half of them are separated and later "Eshaku" 》, But most of the others are 《this》, a tribute to those who have already signed up. Nowadays, when men and women are immediately under one eave, it is a literary art that seems to be able to do so, but because the old people went only at night and spent their young days. Sometimes, only such famous songs were made, so to speak, these literatures are only the product of the Japanese marriage system. When the medieval marriage took place between distant lands, and the circumstances of Satokata changed, and the deadline for the transfer of the bride gradually became earlier, even if you were not a miso man, there was no need for such a fate, and a love song. It became an unbelievable misbehavior, but on the other hand, it was forever popular that the wind, which simply said that the word "Aya" was empty, was popular. I think it's strange. Yoshida ｜ It seems that it is a false charge to call Kenko a color lawyer, but anyway, if you practice Hirao, you will be asked for a substitute work, so in fact, Ton'a of the same era If you look at the collection of "Hmm", there are many ghostwriters about Aikoi Betsukoi. It is said that Keichu hated such songs because he was a Risshu priest, but neither Jien nor Chogetsu became a priest of illegal law because of that. Not only that, even the princess trapped in the deep window asked her master to read such a song, and we didn't know what it was when we were boys, so we worked hard to practice such a song. I was doing. It seems that the fact that he was worse than "Kokinshu" in general was not necessarily his inferior skill. Not knowing love originally meant someone who was not married yet. Then, those who know the love no longer feel the need to read the song again.
[#New Page]
[# 3 indentation] About the traveling woman [# "The traveling woman" is a big headline]
[# 5 indentation] 1 [# "1" is the middle heading]
Of the "Sanginkasen" in Yamanaka Onsen, Kaga, which was recorded in "Utatsushu", the following series is famous, but I still have it. I haven't seen anything that commented on this.
[# Indent 3 characters from here]
The mountain on the left of the hail is the temple of Sedge, Kitaeda, Hokushi.
Forty-five prostitutes | Countryside "Inaka" Watarahi Sora "Sora"
There is also a name for you who is in love with the scribble "scribble".
Hair is soared fish 《Uo》 Kuhanuya 《Nari》 Kitaeda
[# End of indentation here]
The first question here is where was the temple commonly known as "Suga no Tera", and if this was the name given to the author's sky in the Danrin style, The realism of this attachment is much less, but I'm just looking for it, thinking that's not the case. Or, I remember whether it was Omi or Kasumi, but even if it was wrong, the next problem would arise if it existed. At this temple, there is a cedar forest at a slightly higher height in the valley, and you can see the edge of the shop. Forty-five invisible women go by. Or you may have been sitting and resting at Koya, a small house on the side of the road that sells tea. Was it possible to call such a traveling woman a prostitute at a glance at that time? However, did the woman we think of as an old prostitute today still live in the "countryside" in the days of "Ou"? In any case, as long as this is a real experience, it becomes a rare problem for us.
A few days before Sora came to Kaga with his teacher, he stopped at the seaside station called Ichiburi in Echigo, and two people in Niigata did not measure it. I stayed with the prostitute. Then, while merciful to their borders, the old man's phrase that still held the excitement for this overnight encounter.
[# 3 indentation] A prostitute sleeps in one house, Hagi, and the moon.
I was impressed with that, and wrote it down in my notebook as soon as possible. It was a recent experiment for him if it was just that the prostitute traveled from time to time. Even if you just remember it, some people may think that such an appendix comes to mind. However, the trip of the women in Niigata is intended to visit Ise, and the bansho of the border "Kunizakai" has been sent to an elderly man. The prostitute who appears in Joruri in Edo and Osaka was supposed to go out only at the time of the run-off, but nowadays the region is quite free until Chikagoro. It seems that there was. In fact, it is 100 years later that a prostitute poet named "Bo" from Echizen Mikuni "Mikuni" came out to Edo and played around the house of "Old Familiar". It is "later". Many prostitutes travel and come from afar. What we find unusual, however, is that forty-five of them were in groups, doing so-called countryside basins. It wasn't a simple trip.
The word "countryside basin" can be seen in the evening face volume of "Genji". From that time on, the small people of Kyoto have been looking at the rich autumn harvest, and have made various ways to earn money and return to the farming villages. I knew. That is still going on until now. In response to the stimulus, our local culture changed while sitting, and it was around this time that we were able to cultivate the power to develop ourselves. I was supposed to be forced. The whole picture of the country is not the same as it used to be, but it is new, good or bad, and the group of women who were once extremely soft participated in the external forces, such as pollen and spores scattered in the sky. Moreover, the problem that it might have been exerting its function until recently was provided to us by a phrase of a casual literary writer.
[# 5 indentation] Two [# "two" is the middle heading]
Before thinking about it, I think it is necessary to first pay attention to how Basho-oh responds to this Sora phrase. In my interpretation, the writing is not something that should be done by a prostitute, so it is the work of the man who came before that he left behind. Then, it is not a draft to sign the name by himself, and it is not normal to write the name of another man, so this "love-kun" is a prostitute. Both you and above * [# "Moon" instead of "word" of "藹", 3rd level 1-91-26] "Joro" also called them "Makeup and colorful clothes on everyday days" This is probably because wearing a garment was very noticeable in the private sector. Anyway, in the next Kitaeda's appendix "Tsukuku", the expression of the previous phrase "Maek" is rather tentative because it is taken by those who are left behind by her husband "Oops" and watch the impermanence, such as the widow of the upstream. Seems to have been understood as a woman's name. Therefore, this flavor "Tsuke-Aji" may correspond to something like Nihohi or Utsuri. Sora envisioned a prostitute's countryside basin before, but since Uchikoshimachi has already explained the background, it is said that this is often the case. , I think I tried this as a general fact. There is a passage of time between the two, which is not found in the two-phrase renga that makes the song separate. In other words, the name of a reputed woman might have been written on the wall of the house where the prostitutes would come and rest from time to time, and the words "I want to live a life" might have been added to the side. Then I was interested in the unknown part of the author of the draft. This person may have been the experience of Ichiburi's Ichiburi's one-person house. Mr. Komiya was told that there was no wonder, but I am surprised that he always knows this Basho's thing.
Basho knew well that the prostitute would go to a land that was neither a harbor nor a town to earn money. , Introduced the following appendix. It was a dead end, but at the same time, I think that the life of such a prostitute would not have been possible without a fairly ordinary social minister. The fact that prostitutes occasionally appear in northern countries happens to hold another trail. It is in the third song of "Hisago"
[# Indent 3 characters from here]
The world is tears, rain and rain, and Rito.
The cold sea urchin of the prostitute of Koshi riding on the Sesshu sleigh.
Chohyaku's money to connect to Ichibu Ichibu's Zeni Otokuni's special
[# End of indentation here]
In a certain phrase, if it seems cold to be put on a sled, it can not be said that Ise Grand Shrine will be done by name, and on top of that, it is a step of the appendix. Somehow, I think that it wasn't the prostitute Takao Takao and Usugumo Immediately. The prostitute was originally Ukareme. It was involved in the Kabu and Kangen swords, which is called Asobi, and Asobi also happened to address the same "Yu" kanji. It became unclear which one was the original, but at least the fact that Yugyo meant the drifting life of Isshofuju was a Yugyo Shonin. You can understand it well by comparing the examples such as. Because she was a traveling woman, she was always in the countryside, but there was no suspicion even if it was a little. It is the power of modern Yukaku literature that has begun to remind us of this, as if the promises were different. In fact, from that time on, the number of women traveling has decreased dramatically. Utabioka Nun became a saleswoman in the city, and eventually she lost her traces again. As a result, the countryside became lonely again, and what was called a bad manner happened instead. The marriage system, which we are trying to pursue seriously, is also greatly influenced by it.
[# 5 indentation] Three [# "three" is the middle heading]
When I read the sentence of "Oku no Hosomichi", the prostitutes of the one family who sentimented my old man also said, "The undecided contract, the daily business cause without my soul." It seems that there is no difference from the current flow of Ukikawatake, but with preparations like them, it seems unlikely that this type of countryside basin will be possible. The group of 45 people drawn by Sora was on a completely different path. Then, when I think about what kind of person was a literal prostitute, that is, a woman who lives on a trip, Echigo was and still is a country where women go on a journey. The daughters who are selling medicine, carrying the sedge's sedge and the parcels on their backs, which are worthwhile to prepare for the work clothes of Kasuri. Can't be criticized because they are so close to their eyes, but their profession seems to have a history. Even before that, he put the shamisen on his shoulders, and dressed in strange clothes such as clogs, swords, and turnips, and crossed the spring field like a migratory bird. There was a group of blind women screaming, and when I asked them, they all said they came from Echigo. In reality, it was replenished everywhere it went, and if there was a connection, it seemed that it had settled in one place, and now it seems that those who are considered to be the end of it are eating a good meal in Tokyo after receiving a tag. What they are witnessing is, of course, the final figure of the ultimate in decadence, which used to have a controlled organization. As far as I know, Suwa, Matsumoto, and Shizuoka have their own records, but in Joetsugo, Kamiechigo was centered around Takada. Shinji Nunokawa asks the surviving old woman and listens to the manners and rules they remember. Depending on seniority and review history, it is possible to push up to the leading role in order, such as Shingon Buddhism * [# "Month" instead of "word" in "藹", 3rd level 1 -91-26] The same was true for the next system, Roujisei. Still, the director was quite strict, which means that the ancient customs were firmly adhered to. The amount and quantity of salaries to the farmers in the village, and the time and people to get them were fixed. The dividend rate, etc., was unwritten and unmoving, but it was no longer officially recognized by the new Meiji government, and later there was no one to protect the workmanship, and the grounds for life were overturned. It was overturned. Compared to the blind priests in Kyushu, one of the interesting features was that the power of the Buddhist temple did not reach. Therefore, the gozes did not read the sutras in the ritual, but just told the long epic of the danmono. In other words, what we call entertainment was also their public position. It is said that the training was correspondingly painful. Those who lost their nieces due to the misfortune of the daughters of the good family were sent to the house of Goze by their parents, preparing for marriage. It is different from the year * [# "moon" instead of "word" of "藹", 3rd level 1-91-26] going up to a good position with "Nenrou" is different from Nanji etc. There was no place. Of course, it was "of course" that was totally different from the prostitutes of their behavior. Then these people raised and used a visible daughter for guidance, but it was the same as a servant, and when they were around the age, they would attach it to the edge, and it would definitely be a rebellion. It is said that there was no manner.
However, it seems that the village village where such official gozes go around has been limited for a long time within a short distance. The so-called countryside is the person who goes out of the area, and it was not always under the strict supervision of the original. For example, in Shinshu, if there were rare things that were not morally sound, they were all known to be Goze, a goze of travel, and Goze of Echigo. In the old house, which keeps its prestige even in the countryside of the Kanto region, it seems that only a definite blind woman was welcomed every year, and there is a village in Kazusa where the place name Reinogoze remains, but they do things. From the time I knew it, only those who had a familiar face but were sure of their identity were coming and going. I often heard that a girl in an unfortunate house had a visible person who was given to her by a goze. Nowadays, only old people can remember it, but when a goze comes in, a small upset occurs in the village. The bad village was the one where these women would stay forever when they came. I was wondering why it was decided every year. In the vicinity of the local area of ​​Echigo, it was an old house that could not be disregarded even in the land, but here it was a house of a young couple without a check, and sometimes a house selling sake and simmered food. At night, people who want to learn songs gather there. Unlike just daytime gates, they seemed to have earned some more income, or at least saved on sleeping and eating. If we take the word laughter literally, the crude countryside laughter would have been the most bought from them. It can be said that they most appropriately embodied the so-called "Ruten" life.
[# 5 indentation] 4 [# "4" is the middle heading]
However, I do not think that the prostitute depicted in Sora's appendix "Tsukuku" would have been blind. At that time, in addition to this kind of Goze, there were various other things * [# Instead of the word "word" of "goze", "moon", 3rd level 1-91-26] "joro" It seems that he was in a village. Goze was only able to stay at the end because of the protection of the system. I'm hoping to hear what other prostitutes were from the memories of the local people. In the customs of the Akita region, there are a few examples of women visiting the rain-making "Amagoi" naked. It seems that it has something to do with women's sumo wrestling, and it was said that it would rain a lot in the year when this is going on. The hometowns of these people are always somewhere. In Ishikawa Prefecture and other places, it is always a group of women who sing a single-print Yomiuri, which is very similar to the old Kawaraban, and people say that. It was also called "Onna Manzai" by the woman. It seems that he was not a known person in the surrounding Buraku. Some of them are traveling all year round, such as travelers, but there are probably many who say that the source is known, and of course there are also people who came from middle age. Deaf, but at least their moving forces have a genealogy. Starting with Kumano, he moved to Ise and Atsuta, and eventually gave up his position to a second force, starting with the disappearing Hioka Nun. However, there are many names of the traveling female "Yukojofu" who once lived in this land. Even if it died without having a child, or even if it made a good child, it was normal that the "after" was not transmitted after the woman. Once the name disappears, the ending cannot be questioned, but songs and stories that could only be carried by them are left in every corner of the country as a long-standing memorial. .. Most of the achievements of the landowners who have grown our private literary arts and unified their sentiment toward nature and society must be acknowledged by this cute wanderer. I think that the way of looking at it so far is too biased to one side.
Regarding what should be called the origin of the prostitute, the problem is also left to the solution of the future. The woman is usually tied to the house, and the house also drives the immovable foundation "Isabelle" into the soil. As in the song of Tsutomu Nagawahime of Koshi, unlike a man, it is like something that can only be carried by the marriage of one place. It was being considered. The fact that it traveled back and forth between the mountain rivers of Senri and began to slap itself into countless destinies means that if there is a cause, it must be abnormal. No. Therefore, what many historians can think of is, first of all, the difference in species. Eguchi "Eguchi", Kawajiri "Kawajiri" ship house is old, now Nogami "Nogami", Sakamoto "Sakamoto" road next "Roji" * [# "Bamboo Kanmuri / Noboru" , 4th level 2-83-72] Those who set up "Ogasa" and sent cheerful singing voices to travelers in the east and west came to Japan with such a lifestyle from the beginning. I was imagining myself as if it were the end of the people. But modern recorded facts do not endorse this speculation at all. Rather, it is filled with the opposite material. There are many new causes, at least after the Middle Ages. Aside from the herbaceous stuff like parents sending their daughters to the indentured servitude, a path for girls born in ordinary homes to gradually become friends with them. Seems to have been quite wide open. Those who made a living by promoting their beliefs with your company or Buddhist temple, which had power in the region, as a back shield, may not be seen as a family because of their old origins. The reality is that many new applicants have joined this group. It is a little biased to think of all the people who have a kadozuke as a whole, as if they were all human beings. It may be "Mikata". This is because there is a section that seems to have a motive or a prospect only among them, in opposition to the established livelihood of agriculture, fishing and mountain villages. In the village village facing the sea in Fukushima Prefecture, there are many famous old houses enshrining Shinme-sama. Shinme-sama is almost the same as Toude-sama near Sendai and Oshira-sama in the southern territory, and is usually the god of dolls carved out of wood. It seems that everyone in the house that brought this god is in trouble now. It is often because she stands on the dream pillow of the woman in the house and urges her to go on a journey, and if she does not follow the instructions, she will get sick. If you want to get rid of it, you have to gently carry this god on your back and go around the unknown land at least once a year. The most annoying thing is that it is today. The explanation may come from the side of psychopathology, but anyway, for a woman who had previously left the ordinary family and entered this kind of wandering life, she refused something. It seems that the implications behind what cannot be done often worked. As you can see in the various songs of Noh's madness, when it comes to finding a new position among those who still do not believe in other countries, they have to speak and dance naturally. Probably not. The so-called vice-song woman of Kamike was and still is always talkative, and often without shame, preaching a mysterious truth that only she knew. I'm trying. It was also thought by the old people that the gods would go mad, especially by choosing a pure and beautiful person, in order to hear it from a large number of profane people. Therefore, if this one religious motivation becomes clearer in the future, it is not just that songs and stories were merely early karma. Furthermore, it can be said that it is the original power that led to the drifting of the country as if it were a prostitute. I think it's time to admit that it was a much smaller coincidence, at least for a job that would be disappointing to another person.
[# 5 indentation] 5 [# "5" is the middle heading]
For the sake of brevity, I quote the last example. In Okinawa, the prostitute is called Zuri, and the characters such as tails are addressed, but the origin of the word is certainly unknown. It was in the early modern period that one end of the city of Naha was divided into three places, and they were gathered and settled there, and it seems that it was also a policy enforcement point. Then, it should have been scattered all over the place before, but the way of life is not yet found in the record. Only a few traces of Zuri's presence in the countryside can be seen in folk tales and songs for a while. However, on the contrary, the Oshima Islands next to the north had no so-called Yukaku, and only the prostitutes were on every island. Zuri is called Zore or Dre in this direction. It seems that the word itself had a sense of traveling, but I heard that there was another name, Maharizole. The only difference from the Gozes in the Kanto region is that they can see the eyes. There was a fixed house in the village wherever it was. At night, the young people gathered there and sang and listened to various long and short songs. Of course, her morality was easy, as one of the people who paid the price of sake became the owner of the night, but her job was to sing among many people. There was nothing more than transporting. In fact, not only were countless ancient masterpieces preserved and utilized by them, but at the same time they were also new authors. When I read "Amami Oshima Folk Song Daikan", the most improvised songs were prized for the island's banquet, especially between men and women. It states that there is "Zare" and that the return song "Keibin" has long connected the love of the opposite sex. On the island, playing the sanshin was exclusively for boys, and all the women were trying to devote their talents to the verses and words of the song. It seems that most of the male poets were celebrities in the town, while most of them were known for their female songs.
The name Zore is sometimes used in a slightly broader sense. It is said that the name Zole stands for receiving the reputation of changing a man several times without being determined. When I saw that there was a song that meant that singing a song didn't make a name for it, there were many people who naturally sang such talented women, and for a long time they couldn't keep their control. There must have been. In the small society of the island, there was no obvious discrimination as a profession, so I think it was just that people became a little easier to approach because of the so-called Zole name. I used to read "Izumi Shikibu" in "Otogi-zoshi" and said "Izumi Shikibu is a famous prostitute", but I was surprised. However, the prostitutes of Japan at the time this book was made would have been about the same as Oshima's Zore. On Oshima, a woman named Tsurumatsu from Kasari was praised as an Izumi Shikibu on the island, even though she wasn't an old man, and her ginei is still there. It is remembered. There are still many people who keep the name "Kyomei" in the phrase of the song even after the beginning of the Meiji era. The zore called Fushiko's Tomi is probably the last one, and he is actually a long-lived man who is over 80 years old and lives as the wife of a hunter, Karyudou. And he still memorizes various old stories. I am deeply interested in the end of these women, but it is even more mysterious how such a life began. It seems that there is no such thing as a prostitute's family on the island, but the reason why it appeared one after another and never stopped is that there is another unthinkable cause hidden in the muscles here. It is.
[# 5 indentation] 6 [# "6" is the middle heading]
It seems meaningful to me that the people of Oshima also called Zore Sakashi. Sakashi was, of course, a brilliant person who was able to exchange songs according to the occasion, but he had a beautiful voice, clean eyebrows, and sake. It seems that he couldn't be in that position unless he had the humorous spirit of being covered. Half of this condition is innate. It cannot be said to be happiness because in the past it was often the case that the opportunity to enter a formal family life was missed. In the old legendary era, this was God's Morofushi, that is, he dedicated his life to your company, and became a singer and dancer, or made a profit from the spirit of water. At the end of the story, I pulled a long hem and went into the bottom of Ikenuma, or washed the vegetables on the banks of the Tanigawa River. At the same time, he may have sent the word "en" to the nobleman who went to the road, and when he was found, he served the house and made his parents and siblings in his hometown happy. However, the world was nothing more than a fantasy of a strange story. Even though he had the power to invite people to a temporary ecstasy, he was not enough to dispel the meticulousness of his usual day. These women like to line up for men's and women's drinks. There were not as many as the southern islands, but there were occasional births in the cold villages of Henpi in the Tohoku region. For example, in Aomori Prefecture's "Asei Ishikawa Local History Magazine", there is a song that often sings the song of a beautiful woman who has a good reputation in the place. It is noted that the wind that came to play with the crab was even around the time of the Meiji Restoration, and it is said that the woman named Tsuru was particularly famous among them. It goes without saying that these women were used at Minatoba on the Sea of ​​Japan side, which had been waiting for the wind and the weather for a long time. Nor. The funny thing is that instead of Sakashi Oshima, I used to call these women under the name of ghostly moss. Goke wrote letters such as "widow" from the beginning, and gradually limited to only the unhappy woman who lost her husband, but Ou is generally far more used for that word. Wide. All those who have been alone for a long time were moss, and those who accompanied an old man with a tea-drawing goza were also moss. In other words, he is a merciful person who has no power to sustain the work of a pure couple by being a young man who has a contract with him. It is nothing but a meaning. It is certainly desirable to have a society without such people, but not only did they demand such a temporary spouse from outside and inside, but they also surpassed the loneliness of the prime day. 》 It was. There is no way that the measure of old age can stand from the original. Therefore, only songs that tried people's hearts to seek good health, or saddened the difficulty of setting tomorrow's day, were gradually born among them. Their berth was rather overtly motivated. When I was young and flowery, people made noise and I could stay at my parents' house. If the number was small, it would become a so-called village sledding and could live a lifetime, but when the water that seems to be floating grass disappears, it is necessary to form a group and try a distant heavenly journey. It was. It seems that this was a prostitute's countryside basin that caught the eye of Sora and others.
Even though the people who write the history of the prostitutes can see the historical materials properly in the document, they just pay attention to their personal circumstances and omit the life of the group. What wasn't there was a strange, modern way of looking at things. When the prostitute is a little old and no longer recommends people, she finally borrows the excitement of Kayo and sake to explore the hearts of men and women, and seizes the difficult opportunity to settle down. I will try to get it. Even if a person without a heart looks at it from the outside, there is a scene of life that is certainly unfamiliar. Even more so, if he was a traveler of the kind who was once drunk and now awake, he would not have been able to see it without a deep compliment. One of the phrases that moves us every time we read it is the following "Ichiren" from "Atsuta Sankasen".
[# Indent 3 characters from here]
Meigetsu no Seki, a geisha, Kiriha 《Toyo》
An interesting prostitute's autumn night Sugaraya, an old man
Tomo fire 《Bi》 Wind-proof red powder dish 《Benisara》 Tapping end 《Kotan》
[# End of indentation here]
The lie is certainly the life of women traveling in groups, and behind the people who quietly listened to the voice of the song, the white Shinonome at the dawn of autumn 》, But it feels like it's getting colder and closer. It was my old man's haiku that did not overlook the loneliness of such a corner of life. Love wasn't a small and easy problem that could be left as a conversation only to those who wandered around the streets of the streets, even though they were in a hurry. It is.
[#New Page]
[# 3 indentation] Widows and agriculture [# "Widows and agriculture" is a big headline]
[# 5 indentation] 1 [# "1" is the middle heading]
There are still some unexplained problems in village life. I think that this is not an oversight of the observer, but rather a bad idea of ​​thinking only in Chinese. For example, what was the ending of one season of rice cultivation originally in Japanese? Even if you try to raise such a well-known problem, it is now difficult to answer it in a short time. In the lives of the plowing people, it was one of the most important breaks. Before the calendar came from the continent, it is said that the border of the year was aimed at with fertility. Even in modern times, there was always a festival of gratitude, and there was a feast of the houses. It was a day that I couldn't pass without a fixed name. It seems that Cariage was the most common old Japanese language. There is also a word called "Kariage" or "Iwai" ("Toyama City Near Dialects"), and in fact, there are customs to celebrate small celebrations on this day. In other words, it is a word that used to mean that there was a time when the production of paddy fields ended with a sword. The distribution in the era of the Taiho Code was with rice bundles. It is the lemma, that is, the ear of rice, that was calculated with all the bundles of rice, not only the soto, but also the balance of the tax, the cashier, and the cashier. Transportation and storage are proof of normality. Even now, rice crops such as melons "Java" are on this street, and when you look at the pictures, they are all working with scissors and baskets. It was a production that required a great deal of human intervention and abandoned the use of straw.
Currently, in Japanese agriculture, rice production work is not completed, let alone raising the rice. Whether it's a farmer or a peasant, the labor of production continues until the end of the work of the brown rice bales, that is, the Usuba, so it's okay again. The celebration of the garden dance "Niwajimai" has begun. However, the invention of this method of shaving is new, and until the last 100 years, storage surrounded paddy in many regions, and the task of leaving the bran was nothing more than preparing meals. .. Before the introduction of the mortar, it was the labor of the wooden mortar and the pestle to obtain brown rice. The mission of Tsukiyonebe, the former rice department, was different from that of today's rice shop, Tsukigomeya, and the main purpose was to turn paddy into brown rice. What should be called the hobby trend of rice milling, that is, after the simple paddy mortar machine knew the hand with a standing mortar and a pestle. For a long time before that, the bales of paddy were recognized as the end of agriculture, and the arranging was recognized as the consumption work of the houses. The place name Aramachi in many cities in eastern Japan indicates that brown rice preparation was originally a castle town affair.
The disadvantage of transporting and storing rice as ears had to be recognized from the beginning. That is why the bales were invented. "Engishiki" has a provision of "Public and private luck rice Goto | Tawara to Nasu", but you may find it if you look for older records. One of the celebrities of that era was Fujiwara no Hidesato. I lived in the Tawara of Omi and named my house, so I told a book about Tawara Tota because I was given a bale as a reward for exterminating the centipede from the king of the dragon palace. Was a lie, and although it was an inexhaustible treasure of rice bales, at one point a white snake struck the bottom and a white snake popped out. It is still a big lie to say that it became a ”, but in the luck of Mt. It is clear that the rice bales were used not only in the court but also among the centipedes in each region, as there is a picture of the rice bales flying in the sky to the mountain of Nobutaka. In any case, if the Kyoto people refrain from territory in the countryside and order the rice produced in that field, it is unlikely that rice bundles will carry it safely. Under the Kokushi system, there was a way to avoid unfavorable transportation by using up the rice in each region as much as possible, except for the minimum amount of rice to be used. The surplus will be stored, but the distant countries will use their power to send most of it to trade, and make it lighter so that it can go up to Kyo. That was the Local Government Finance Act of that era. It was a kind of agricultural warehouse, but the motive was solely for the convenience of the administration, and the rice rental system seemed to have arisen from the need for transshipment every year, and the calculation was also too rough. , The extra profit was to cultivate the land's powerful tribes one after another. Then, when their power crossed the border and the traffic of the army became active, the need for the bales "Tawaramono" became even more important, and the rice was no longer like the god statue of Fushimi Inari. Those who carry it far away can no longer be seen.
[# 5 indentation] Two [# "two" is the middle heading]
It is the rice majin (Inamazumi) in the northern part of Okinawa prefecture that the previous state of this paddy bale is still slightly seen. From this area to Amami Oshima, the structure of Takakura, which is most recognized as a feature, can be said to have evolved from this, but it can be said that it has evolved from this. The product was a storage method that was temporarily designed for each harvest season. Basho is usually placed near the cultivated land in a circular shape with stones as the base, with the tip of the rice on the inside, and it is extremely simple and long. It seems that the distribution extends to the north and south fruits of Japan. Today's inland Niho or Inamura, whose name is Inamura, is actually loaded with only straw. It wasn't so inconvenient in the mountains, and I was worried about having rice piled up outside the house by doing this, but it seems that it was also rice niho before. In eastern Japan, this is called Niho or Nyo, while in the west there is the word Hozumi, and in turn there are lands called Kozumi, Suzuki, and Miscanthus. In China and Kyushu, where there is little rain in October, there is still a wind that clears up the harvesting work in the rice fields, and in places where you can see from a distance and naturally turn, paddy is rarely used. It is sometimes noticeable even from the train that it is placed in the middle of the rice field in a siege. It's not a matter of agricultural economy, but there is a belief that you can't bring your products home until the end of the autumn festival, or there's still a trace of it. It may be possible.
Anyway, until the rice mortar and wall insert were adopted and the bales of brown rice became a commercial product, it was thought that the end of the rice cultivation work was rice handling. It was that the work of "Ineko" was completed. This period occurred during the so-called Tawara Tota's life, and it had been around for about a thousand years until the Meiji Restoration. The shogunate territory had been changed to the US annual tribute "Komeneng" from a long time ago, but in many small daimyo territories, until the end of the Edo period, the annual tribute of paddy bales was taken. Under these circumstances, it was no wonder that there were many regions where the ending of paddy field farming was called Kokinte. The area where this word is used is Echizen, Kaga, Noto, etc. on the Sea of ​​Japan side. It is a matter of course that the completion of Koki is called Kokimite, but now it is becoming obscure. According to the recently read "Ishikawa Prefecture | Suzu County Magazine", the county | Kiro Village has a holiday at the end of the harvest, and Horyu Village has a gouldian finch. In Nao Village, they are called gouldian finch, and they all celebrate this day with peony rice cakes such as Botamochi, which are offered to the gods and eaten by themselves. In other words, if you look at the rice paddy, the work of the rice field will be completely enhanced, so you have to commemorate the happiness of the day.
I think that only old-fashioned people are supposed to use this word today, but it has a long history and has the most painful content in life in one of the Japanese words. there were. From the farmer's point of view, the words "Yometori", "Mukoiri", "Birth", "Genpuku", "Sekki", "New Year", etc. It was a word that could not be used without it. Shinshu | In each village of Tsukama "Chikuma" and Azumi "Azumi", this important holiday once a year is usually called Kobashage. After all, it seems that many people have forgotten why it is so, and in turn, this word is used to mean that any office work has been completed. There was a village called Koebashiage in the neighboring Toyama prefecture, and Kobashiage in Niigata prefecture ("Onko no Shiori", Koichi), but in short, it was to put away the rice-handling tools. Agel was "to put away", and Kobashi was, to be exact, Kokibashi, that is, Kokibashi. Shinshu is the former rice treatment in Shimominochi-gun, the northern border of Sakai, Yamagata-gun in Mino, and Hoi-gun in Mikawa. It can be seen in the dialect magazines of each county that the tool was called Kobashi. The island of Sado is a land with many old words, but there was still only the name Kokibashi or Koibashi in his place. Since the action of richness became less important, this verb was also usedlessly, and it became a mere compound word such as kokioros or shigoki, but it still remained a little between dialects. It is used one by one. Even in agriculture, it seems that there are some lands that rarely need this action when dropping soybeans or sesame seeds. As the vulgar words "words", such as flatulence "he" and lie "lie", imply, it was an act of forcibly passing through a narrow space and dropping what was attached. .. For the past thousands of years, Japanese rice-handling has used two simple bamboo cuts together for this very purpose, pulling the rice ears between them and dropping the paddy. Until the end of the Edo period, the frontispieces of household books such as the Third Generation and Women's University had many such agricultural figures, and in fact, when I was a boy, I often saw them and actually saw them. I was wondering how different it was from my work.
[# 5 indentation] Three [# "three" is the middle heading]
The use of this handling chopstick 《Kokibashi》 was a very inefficient method, so it was planned to gradually improve it for a long time. For example, even in Sado, there is only the name Kokibashi, and in fact, for more than 100 years, a small bamboo or iron tube was put on the two fingers of the left hand and sandwiched between them to make rice. It was a tool for handling ears. There is no reason to name chopsticks if it was such a device from the beginning, as evidence that it was a slight improvement. Moreover, even such a small invention seems to have spread the benefits of Hiroku along the mountain road beach. In particular, iron pipes, etc., are not handmade in agriculture, and because there should have been a factory somewhere as a product and a center of promotion, it was easier to spread. .. In Satsuma's Chiran, rice-handling was called Kanakuda, and in Tosa's Nakamura | Hen, this was called Kanabashi, or maybe it was an improved product of this kind. Anyway, it doesn't seem to be an old name.
The rice handling tools called Karahashi in the Kanto and Tohoku regions were not made of iron. I haven't seen the real thing yet, but I laid out several pieces of bamboo that had been sharpened in a row like the teeth of a comb, and flattened the rice bundle. Then, because it passes between the teeth of the comb, it is not "handling" but "carding", but in the direction of China where I was born, it is the old practice. The one with the same structure as was called rice comb. On the other hand, the area where the name Karahashi was used seems to be widespread. I know examples such as Sano in Gunma prefecture, Nasu in Tochigi prefecture, and Date in Fukushima prefecture. Of course, Karahashi is an abbreviation for "Karakokibashi", and it is the same change as if "Tsuruumedoki" is called "Tsurumodoki" and "Byakumokuren" is called "Byakuren". Kara is a new type of improved product, and many agricultural tools have the words "kara" and "tau", such as "karausu" and "karasuki". In fact, it may have been learned indirectly from the Chinese people. Even during the isolation period, only agricultural books were freely imported. Thus, the techniques of Chinese farmers are still recognized today for their admirable ingenuity. Japan It is not said that there is no ingenuity in inventions in today's farming methods, but most of the others are adopted from the outside. Even though it was my fellow countrymen who taught me directly, some of them have traveled for thousands of miles or thousands of years in this way.
However, there were conditions for this so-called culture | propagation << denpa >>. One is the intelligence that can be learned, and the other is the economic need that must be learned. If there is no connection, you may not know it even if it exists, that is, because this condition is not satisfied, which is often a problem today, the cross between imitation and adoption. Was also in the "here". Even if there is a need for "more", there may be other reasons that cannot be adopted, and while imitating meaninglessly, the benefits can be naturally enjoyed. In some cases, it is clear that the import of new technology, at least trying to imitate the cormorant, which is often referred to in old tales, has not been effective for a long time.
In this sense, the fact that the so-called Karakokibashi, a so-called Karakokibashi, was invented or popularized provides a very interesting question of economic history. What was the reason why we improved the two-chopsticks rice maker that we had been familiar with for a thousand years in the morning? Whether the external cause is, or just a coincidence, the question is what the motive for working inside was based on. Depending on the region, the situation may have been different depending on the village, but roughly speaking, two points can be considered first. One of them is to improve labor, that is, to work with even a little value. It is hoped that the same work will be more enjoyable, less painful, and more effective. It is a consistent trend from ancient times to the present world, and it is the driving force that pushed society to today's culture, and it is said that it gave great convenience to the development and growth of individualism and capitalism. However, it was such an important growth element of humankind that it could not be hated by the strong "Anaga". In fact, it can be said that the future of society can still be optimistic because of its existence. It is quite natural to realize that once our thoughts have been released and our experience has accumulated to some extent, the blind hardships of the past have been largely negligible. .. Bone regret can still be counted as a virtue, but the wasteful work was also disliked because it was so fast. is there.
The second point is what I would call the tendency toward small farming, and it may have been a special situation only in Japan. In other words, it is a restriction of collaborative work in rural areas, and the idea of ​​completing production with as many people as possible in their own home has appeared among individual farmers. Of course, doing so also met the primary purpose, but on the other hand, the number of good people, that is, independent farming houses, increased, and the cooperative farming method as before was continued. As it became difficult, I felt the need for a highly efficient so-called labor-saving machine, as if I was trying to do my best to avoid the troublesome work and to carry out farming for my own sake. I came. It is also true that this result has finally promoted the isolation tendency of individual small farms, and if such a new method is not adopted, many rural areas in Japan will now have a little old-fashioned production cooperation. I would have had to continue, but I can't say that it wasn't always happy to do so. In short, the amount of cultivated land could not be increased, and when the number of branch houses and farms increased, it was impossible to carry out the old-fashioned large-scale farming method as before.
[# 5 indentation] 4 [# "4" is the middle heading]
In other words, the labor union in the early modern period was facing the time when it should change inevitably even if there was no import of Karagoki Karaus. However, among them, the improvement of the rice-handling "Inekoki" equipment had a great impact. Many of the same new instrument methods only helped to improve so-called labor and did not work much in the direction of the organization. To give an example of Karasawo here for comparison, it is clear that it came from China, but this person is rather encouraging a new kind of collaborative work. Until recently, the method of removing paddy in Japan was actually in each district. On the other hand, there was a place where iron-made chopsticks "Kokibashi" were already known, but on the other side there was a more primitive threshing work than two bamboo chopsticks. As a historical source that should look at the changes in rural life in Japan, there are five volumes of "Butsuru Shoko" edited by a poet named Gozan. The preface to the 4th year of Anei is listed, but the names of Kanakobashi of Totomi and Senbagoki of Saigoku region can already be seen in it. Twenty years later, however, Waran "Netherlands" Kobitan "Kapitan" Tumberg, who came to the morning in 1777 AD, made the following observations on his trip to and from Edo. .. It seems that this is a roadside route in Kyushu, but according to his words, rice handling was done in an extremely simple way. It is said that if you hit a bunch of rice into a barrel or a wall, all the fruits will fall off. This has something to do with what should be called the "real translation" of rice seeds, and it is unlikely that agriculture in any region once used such a method. .. Rice such as "Daito Umai", one of the Tauboshi, is prolific and strong, but it is close to the original species, and it has the property of being easily spilled. However, it was inconvenient, and in the era when the rice was stored as it was, it would have been a major drawback. There may have been some land that was cultivated. Anyway, it seems that there is a land that used to be used for rice as a method of collecting the ears of grain on a wide straw mat and tapping it with a stick to thresh it. Then, when a new rice handling machine was built on the other side and a lot of paddy was dropped in a day, the way of handling was sloppy, and some paddy still stuck to the ears of straw. Then, it is necessary to collect them, hit them with a straw, and drop the remaining paddy once again. In the Kanto Plain, it is called Bocharauchi or Boujibuchi, and strictly speaking, it was the final work of rice cultivation at the time of the former paddy rice farming. Some people have explained that Bocchara's bocce means "bank", that is, it means stacked straw, or when you see that there is a region called Bota, it is originally Houchi straw. It may have been "Uchiwara" or "Tenka", which is a transgression of earing. You can easily imagine how hard it was to hit the spikes and straws by hitting them on the garden with a 56-year-old stick. Not only is there a reaction to the hand I hold, but it's also painful because I have to keep working while I'm always sitting down. In addition to this, I would like to say a few words, such as rice planting and weeding, there is a great deal of this kind of work in Japan, and all of them are busy work. I think this is one of the reasons why many farmers were old and bent. In order to alleviate the pain of such labor, it is natural that improvements were welcomed. The dialect of Karasawo is also called Kururi stick in the upper part, and Furuchigaheshi Furuchibo or Fribo in Ibaraki prefecture. In Fukushima, it is called Friuchi or Friuchibai, and in Sado, it is called Friuchi. There is no doubt that Furuchi is a swaying sound, as the buy, the bow, and the sword are the same. In other words, I used to hit with a non-rotating stick before, but for the first time, I was able to hit straw and other grains without bending my hips. In the middle of this improvement, there was also a person who used a stick that was bent like a letter "H" in katakana and hit it with his back. I recently saw it in Kamiina-gun, Shinshu. It was a lot easier than using a straight stick, and it was a big improvement on its own. Many inventions are nothing if you look back on them after the fact, but there is a great deal of pleasure that the parties can enjoy at the transition. In other words, when it comes to the curly sticks that turn around, the work is in good shape and it is easy to sing, and when working together with a large number of people, you can even feel a little excitement. I think that the satisfaction when I used it for the first time was more than the Karakokibashi chopsticks. However, on top of the work done, it was not a big step forward. This is an example of mainly reducing the pain of agricultural improvement and rather making collaborative work convenient, and even if it is a new design with a letter of empty, it is a remarkable difference from the so-called Karahashi. It was.
[# 5 indentation] 5 [# "5" is the middle heading]
The effect of Karahashi was, on the contrary, a great saving of labor. In other words, it provided a particularly great convenience for the survival of isolated agriculture. I'm sure some of you have read it these days, but Fumiya Shimizu's "Local History" describes an experiment in a rural area of ​​Noshu and Nasu. is there. The Iwaku Karahashi is made by breaking bamboo, and the efficiency of each person is 36 rice, about 7 paddy, and 20 doo. It was supposed to be done. However, it is said that the efficiency doubled immediately when using the Senba Koki from Nagoya. That is, it would have been made of iron. Up to now, both of these machines have been abolished and improved. The efficiency of the rice-handling machine "Inekokiki" is 40 times a day. Of course, there should have been something that would be even more effective after that, that is, 100 years ago, with the help of one person, it would cost more than a month to do a smooth job. Now it's possible to get rid of it in less than a day.
There was an iron-made swordfish instead of the bamboo karahashi on the right, but it was very new that it became widespread. Even in China's busiest rural areas, about 40 years ago, until I was a boy, I still used bamboo rice. A peddler called Hoki's Kanagokiya came there every year around early autumn and sold iron rice treatments using the installment payment method. Kanagoki is an abbreviation for Kaneina Koki, which is the same as what is called Semba in Nasu and others. When I think about it, some villages such as Echigo already used this senba 130 years ago. In "Onko no Shiori" (Volume 10), the production of paddy fields in this country is described. Previously, 56 split bamboos were erected on a wooden stand, and rice was 78. ｜ Because I handled it by sandwiching the stems one by one, I was able to handle only one hundred and fifty pieces of paddy with the pain of a tough day. In the first year of Kansei, he brought a machine called Senba from Awa to Naoetsu. It got this name because it handles a thousand rice plants a day. It is said that he does not know what his real name is. In the Tohoku region, at the prefectural road in the southern part of Fukushima prefecture, at the intersection of Kosaten, I met a group of merchants who came to sell the same machine from Echigo. It was only 156 years ago that I asked detailed questions ("Local Studies" Vol. 4, No. 8). In other words, it was a sales method that cost too much for fare chores, so it could not spread to this region until this time. According to Professor Kusano, who traveled to Tanegashima in Kagoshima prefecture shortly before that, he still used split bamboo to handle rice and dropped several stems of paddy, and put the paddy in a mortar. De * [# "Rice + 孚", 3rd level 1-89-44] From "Datsufu" to whitening was a series. There was a person who ordered only one iron rice handling device from the mainland, but it is said that it was damaged in a short time because it was rarely borrowed from people. Volume 10).
The superior ability of so-called Kanagoki was certainly enough to surprise the rural people at that time, but the name Senbakoki was actually known to the world much earlier than that, and it is true in many regions. Then, it meant Karahashi in Fukushima, Tochigi, etc., that is, a bamboo rice handling device. In fact, when the tooth-type bamboo rice treatment of this comb came out and replaced with the conventional simple two-handling chopsticks "Kokibashi", it was later. The impression it had on the farmers was much stronger than when it was replaced by an iron one. While the latter is merely a surge in merit, the former has changed the form of work outside and has the most significant impact on the organization of the private economy inside. This is because it didn't stop. It was Senba who tried to express this sudden change in circumstances with a slightly exaggerated phrase. It was not necessarily the name given after demonstrating that it can handle a thousand rice pieces a day. The name Senba can be found in Oita prefecture | Amabe county in the west, Chijiwa in Hizen prefecture, and Yatsushiro county in Kumamoto prefecture, but mainly in the Tohoku region. It is done everywhere in "For a while". In addition to Toyoma County in the northern part of Miyagi Prefecture, Kesen County in Iwate Prefecture, etc., are generally called comb-toothed rice handlers, that is, the Abukuma basin next to the south. It seems that he pointed to what he used to call Karahashi. When it went north and became the southern territory, there were many people who abbreviated it as Senkoki, and in the rural areas of Tsugaru, it was abbreviated as Henkoki. The fact that there was a dialect called Sendakoki for the same thing in Joshu and Shinshu seems to be the "classical name" quoted earlier. In other words, even if it wasn't treated with iron rice, it was certainly a revolution that could be exaggerated as a thousand or a thousand da, compared to a traditional Kokibashi.
In Matsumoto, Shinshu, etc., there is now a word that rice handlers are called mamba. I think it was the name that was invented for promotion in the sense of "more than Senba" when iron products appeared. It seemed that he had missed it, and in Aichi Prefecture | Haguri County, there was a manga, and in some parts of Fukui Prefecture, there was even the word Manguwa. Shinshu is also called a manga near Takatoo, and in order to discriminate against it, a type of improved | hoe is called Mannoga, and a harrow is called Magwa. The fact that all new farm products are often named to stimulate these ears is due to the simplicity and honesty of the farmers. Originally | All-purpose "Manno" and "Vise" farm tools all have the same brand name as this mamba, that is, they say that it has already been supplied to them as a product. is there. Before that, the word "Senba" was occupied by tools for scooping charcoal fire in the hearth, "Okikaki" in Ou, and "Fire Sukuhi" in Kyushu. The meaning is unknown now, but I think it is probably an advertising word that describes its efficiency. However, when he later took the stock to a rice maker, he was very humble and tried to put it in a name such as Juuno. Once the name had reached its initial purpose, we would only hold it by inertia.
[# 5 indentation] 6 [# "6" is the middle heading]
Therefore, such a local language, "Sensaku," is usually just one of the lovers | tea story, "Sawa." Whether the rice maker is called Semba or Karahashi, if that was not one of the goals of the early economic organization, then there would be no need to struggle to find out the differences in each region like myself. is there. At the same time, if it is due to materials other than this, it will recognize the era of rural life, which has changed and left a mark. If there is no way to go, no matter how small it may be, it should not be ruined. It's just that the person who wrote the book, which is not in the books of scholars, did not omit it, and unknowingly, it is an important historical material of economic history that our ancestors left for posterity. Is. The names of things never happen without meaning. Even children build their words based on the deepest impressions of their lives. A farmer who cannot afford to play can not come up with a code that is not suitable for life. It's just that there weren't many who could understand our intentions. For example, in the southern part of Kishu | Muro-gun, there is a person who calls rice-handling Takase, but it is still clear to me whether or not it is an abbreviation for bamboo senba. I don't. I am careful because I think that there will be many more examples like this.
Even in the same Mie prefecture, in the "Watarai county dialect collection", that is, in the language of the villages around the Jingu, the rice handling device is still called Yamame. Yamame is a widow. Why was such a name given to the rice maker? Nowadays, it seems that people who have forgotten the purpose are using it meaninglessly, but originally it was called Yamametafushi or Yamamenakase, but it was too long, so it was later buttock. I think he cut the butt. Even if you look at Ayama's "Classical Names", it is said that rice handling is called Gokenakase in Kinai and Gokenakase in Echigo. The most important explanation is that it appears in "Wakan Sansai | Zue". "Wakan Sansai Zukai" is a book that was made public forty years before "Physical Names", but in the Settsu area where the author lives, this "widow" has already been made. "Goketa" was used. When I rewrite the sentence into a body, I found that "An ancient" handles wheat and rice ears, and two small tubes. Connect the "kokuda" through a rope "nail", hold it, hold it, and handle the ears. I was hired for the sake of my aunt, and I got tired of it. However, in recent years, I have been making rice shavings. Like a narrow desk, dozens of large bamboo nails are planted, and it looks a bit like a manguha (horse tooth grip). It is ten times as much as "Koki only". Therefore, it loses its servant business. It is named "Goketao" because of the cause. There is making (or more) ". Of course, rather than telling the facts, this name was deliberately adopted as a strange police word in order to clarify the impression, and therefore it was merely a person's ability to remember it. The widow was not necessarily overthrown and cried solely because of the invention of this bamboo rice handler, but just in the era or region where this invention was adopted, Japanese agriculture gradually became It was showing a tendency to exclude widows and children from the working organization.
The family of a peasant whose husband died or disappeared in the middle of his life used to be very lonely. Sustaining a family business in such a house was particularly difficult for agriculture than any other business. In fact, today it is usually one of the causes of agricultural closure, and many are accompanied by discrete | zero drops. In the previous agricultural policy, which was based on the principle of reducing the amount of production and the number of houses in the village, various methods were set up especially for this case, such as "Regional | Legendary Book" Hanrei Roku "". You can see it even if you look at it. If you have a daughter I will be a widow as much as possible in the back house. This has always been a source of complexity in family relationships and unhappiness for the elderly, but even that was unacceptable. Or, if there are only boys around the age of ten and the mother is thinking about the end and will not welcome her husband twice, usually the house is temporarily closed and the parents and children are separated. I wait for the heirs to grow by doing indentured servitude, but land management during that time is difficult, so
[# Indent 3 characters from here]
The amount of production is conveniently shared by the people in the village, and later "later" is attached again.
Returning "Tsuka" is a sign
[# End of indentation here]
There are many instructions issued in each territory, but if the tax is heavy, it is difficult to get an underwriter in the village, and if the burden is light like Nittaba, we will gladly keep it. Instead of giving me back, I didn't want to return it, and it was difficult to get it back. It can be roughly inferred from today that some other condition had to be involved in order to make the unfortunate widow cry at this time. It is.
[# 5 indentation] Seven [# "Seven" is the middle heading]
In the early modern period, large and small feudal lords are trying to publish a book of the kind called Kiso Ute Takayoshiden to convey the award-winning widow Takako's deeds. What I immediately feel is that it was difficult to set up a widow, especially in the agriculture of the paddy field. No matter how much he was a widow of a man, there were many powers in rice cultivation that couldn't fit in the hands of a woman. Among them, in the place where cows and horses are kept and raised and the land is leveled, the fact that women grow rice is a rough job that should be abandoned. It was. So if there is a certain person in the family, or if the elder of the village is a benevolent person, I will finally make a small field, etc., and the others will be a day laborer or a hand. I was able to replenish my livelihood with the income of the biography, keep chastity and continue to play the role of one of the children without losing Mochida. The first question was whether or not it was necessary to seek outside the woman's half-hearted efforts. As you know, Taue still asks Saotome from outside the family, as it used to be. Although various agricultural improvements have been made in the early modern period, no method has been found that can be used to plant rice fields with only one's own efforts. In particular, the preparation of Kuwabatake and other new spring-summer exchange jobs are increasing, and this period is a time of extreme labor shortage. Even elementary schools allow farming holidays. Even a 12-year-old boy named Naeuchi Koyaro was assigned a role. Sapling is the role of cannide, and in Kesen-gun, it is so-called. Cannaid was called Kennide in the west of the Chubu region, that is, the person who took it. Of course, the lonely people of the widow, the widow, had a job at this time, but it wasn't much compared to the long days of the year. In Kishu and other countries, "Wheat is sown for 100 days, and rice is planted for 3 days, and rice is planted for 100 days. "Doki" is sometimes called. Especially when it comes to local unification of varieties, it is only this rice planting day that is even busier, and such work is completed immediately. It was not possible to live in the village by addressing only that to each other. On the other hand, when the farmer's heart became the most uplifting, like during the autumn harvest, and he wanted to pick up anything, even the fallen ears, the widow sent him. The inability to come and participate in the work must be a huge blow to them. Of course, I could have searched for sericulture, ground machinery, itokuri, and other internal jobs that are somewhat related to rural areas, but labor is related to soil anyway. If it seems to be thin, even if you live in the village, the result that you can see with different molecules gradually could not be exempted.
It seems that the village store "Tenya", "Dagashi" store, small space, etc. were thought of as a convenient way to make widows independent, but the influence was unexpectedly large. It was. If it was a conspicuous hobby such as gambling or prostitution, I would have been wary of myself and others, but it wasn't so important, and it was unknowingly dark. Life changes that have been invaded are the hobbies of food and drink in the first stage. It is important for human beings at ceremonial occasions to be able to obtain ready-made food at any time by calling it boiled and sold, without having a slight relationship with nutritional problems. The value of the special food and drinks, especially the annual festival, was gradually diminished. The offering was an offering of the festival day, that is, the spirit and the whole family had food together. It was also called Nore (Nahorahi, direct meeting) in various parts of Kyushu as it was in the old language. It was a word that meant setting the most important day in the calendar and ingesting a specific food with the gods. Mochi, dango, strong rice, and somehow soup have their own names, and the number is not small, and there are 45 types throughout the year. There were ten. However, the candy, confectionery, and rice cakes sold at stores halve the pleasure and solemnity of eating and drinking together on the right day, rather than just wasting and wasting food. However, even if the holiday of Kokinte Kobashage comes, there are many lands where they just play around with it.
The same situation as that is also appearing in drinking. The custom of liquor is not necessarily new, and it can be said that it was at least before the invention of rice treatment. In many cases, the fact that a traveling woman made sake and sold it to strangers became the basis of the famous sake "Meishu". However, it is limited to the surroundings of shrines and temples, or otherwise to the side of the highway, and at any time other than the day or place to drink in the village. It was from the village shops "Tenya" that sake could be drunk like tea. The job, which was officially recognized as one of the ways of living in the widow, accidentally prompted the liberation of the eating and drinking law. It is not necessary to hunt the Hiroku group book, but the fact that our sake was originally brewed prior to its use, and that the Pacific Islander Kuva was the same at all. Some people still remember this. The fact that the liquor was not as delicious as the liquor that is now on sale was exactly the same as the difference between the rice cakes of the houses and the sugar rice cakes. At the same time, the spirit of brewing so-called overnight sake "Hitoyozake" in a sake bottle and waiting for it to ripen was a delicate preparatory psychology for festivals and festivals. However, normal consumption was allowed and became popular, and later, sake brewing evolved into a local capital accumulation center, and handmade products were despised. Many of the landowners became liquor stores, and the landlord, Gotaike, welcomed the people who came to drink Izake, which was a very rare nationality. Partly because the village had little use of capital, but partly because these old houses had good yeast that was probably invisible to the eye and was able to make relatively good sake.
[# 5 indentation] Eight [# "eight" is the middle heading]
The transition of liquor and food provided only one example of the influence of this so-called "widow", and various historical results can be inferred. Finally, if I would like to explain one more thing, especially one that has nothing to do with the agricultural economy, it is a new phenomenon called Saotome dekasegi. If the farms are separated and machines are used to replace the supply of external labor, the only time in the year that they will be short of hands is when they are planting rice, so let's put them together and invite them from other villages. It is also natural to come to. Therefore, women come to be hired in groups from rural areas where there are few rice fields. The island woman in Ichishi-gun, Ise, the rice planter in Echigo near Shinshu Kawanakajima, and the Saotome in the villa in Yuri-gun, Akita Prefecture, are now. Then, every year, something like a Danka is made, and I always come to the rice fields of a fixed house and plant it, but it seems that there are gradually more lands that have started such contracts. According to this, the payment method of wages is also modern, and I think that there are already people like Motojime, but those who have been in the past will just eat during the investment period of rice planting. It is said that he went home just by himself and came back again during the autumn harvest season to receive the promised rice supply and to pick up the gleaning again. In other words, it is probably a relic from the time when the widow in the village participated in the whole rice cultivation work. Even in the fishing industry, for prey such as seine nets, a distribution method called Kandara is allowed. The farmer's feelings were different at the time of the high yield. Gleaning was recognized as a widow's virtues in the West, as I recall when I saw Mille's masterpieces. I think this is an old reason why it was not easily isolated from farming even if it became a widow. Basho's Sangin (6th year of Genroku), which can be seen in the "Haiku Kobunko", also has the following haiku phrase.
[# Indent 3 characters from here]
The 帷子 "Katara" is the voice of a terrifying shrike "Fumikuni" every day.
A rice paddy rent for a rice paddy chin
Squeeze the mold of the soy sauce "Hishio" into the ears of the vine "Tade".
[# End of indentation here]
The meaning of this one | Ren is that a person who is still wearing a sushi until the time when the shrike is sushi comes to help with the work of handling rice. I imagined a scene where a shrike came to a paddy and became a treat of sushi or something, and I think that the main character of the first phrase is probably a woman. Until the time when I was doing the pilgrimage of Haisei Basho, this kind of feeling was still common in the autumn of the countryside.
However, there is no need to pay such a complicated handling fee, and as long as the person in the house is the only one in a day, a thousand ｜ 2,000 grabbing, driving a machine and paddy When the drop is over, that is, the small farm gains to become an independent business entity, albeit small, but on the other side, it is once again a very troublesome problem of agricultural labor supply methods. Will be caused. The biggest weakness of landowners is that even if there is a return of land in the future, it is absolutely difficult to predict why they will be self-employed. It was mainly because there was no way to completely replenish the temporary demand for this effort. Moreover, in order to avoid this, if the size of each farm is decided within the limit of being able to respond to the work at the time of rice planting with only the existing efforts of the family, the small farm will probably grow more than it is now. There is no hope of being strong, and the other two-thirds of the year will still have to agonize under the current chronic unemployment situation. In other words, because of these essential restrictions in Japanese agriculture, even if a peasant becomes a self-produced farm under favorable conditions, it is still not possible to make a prosperous farm independent.
I believe that future scholarly research will naturally somehow solve this conundrum. However, in the current state of affairs, it seems that many people still do not even know the cause of why Japanese agriculture has become so difficult to use. That is to say that all the knowledge of the agricultural economy can be bought as if it were already cooked and eaten, like the food of the boiled shop of the late family wife, and if you go to buy it, you can buy it anytime. This is the result of a misunderstanding. The primary activity of young students in the world must be observation and meditation. You have to build your judgment with your own mind. In today's world, when it is difficult to sell and sell academics, there is no such example in ancient times.
[# 2 indentation] I tell you. This sentence is quite enlightening because it was a refrain from giving a lecture at a certain school a few months ago. There is not enough time to rewrite them in order. I long for the feelings that my seniors have learned about this.
[#New Page]
[# 3 indentation] Yamabushi and island exile [# "Yamabushi and island exile" is a big heading]
[# 5 indentation] 1 [# "1" is the middle heading]
There are certainly three reasons why there are many esoteric parts in the haiku renga, even if you just noticed it. One of them is that the anomalous wording and abbreviations that have been allowed for many years have become more and more difficult, and then the haiku has become a normal method, and as a result, it has a tendency to despise it too much. What happened, the Danrin school, of course, must bear 70% of its merits and demerits, but the exaggeration of this hobby has been inherited for a long time, and it seems to be more likely to be withheld. The preaching such as Nihohi and Hibiki has become prosperous. It seems to us that there is no choice in the end if nothing can be explained, but the third reason was the support of the Renju. Those who lined up at Kasen Hyakurin's seat had some similarities in their careers and feelings, and by unifying their emotions, they keenly understood the feelings of their friends. I was able to do it. There was also a mid-level force to guide it again. I don't even know that he himself was struck by a strange feeling after a long time. Even more so, it is clear that later readers were not in their eyes at the time. This point is the same for this type of renga, and despite the fact that such abundant and accurate records are preserved, those who were involved in it just by reading it now, that I can't imagine obsession and indulgence. Moreover, this person has no suspicion in his remarks, but on the contrary, there is no one who is bound by the Takakaku and does not look back on it. It should be noted that the reason why we try to peep even if we add a chair is not just the familiarity that the times are near. The research and sensation of the present age are rather leaning toward the old days of Ryoen.
Although it is a very ordinary wording, the haiku shows the life of the times. Not to mention the text of Kanrin Shien, there are tens of thousands of novels from military books to humanity books, but the hearts of ordinary people that I have not written down in them. The bears are preserved in this accidental record, and it makes us wonder. The attempt to connect the profane and literary arts must have been the true intention of haiku from the beginning. However, the place where the force that tried to move the person was changed to the front and back before I knew it. The attitude of Shoou is neither a strange police nor a sword, and he does not fall into the conventional practice, and he always seeks a poetry boundary directly from his own experiments. There was a fresh taste in the place where I was letting it. I wonder if this was a stimulus with a strong change in the world, or if it was a general margin for observers, even if I investigate this, it is still that for me. There is no ability, but anyway, if one excellent master teaches, it will be possible to instantly make the wind of the times as "Kyuzen". The sense of haiku was lively. It has been repeated many times since ancient times that it declined, preaching Chuko, chanting a resurrection, and raising a high voice, and on the contrary, promoting pseudo-oldness and thinning the relationship with the society under the feet. It was the literary history of the nations.
The attachment we especially have to Shomon's haiku was that the 畢竟 《Hikkyo》 was the charm of this emerging spirit or freedom. Of course, there was a sprouting "better" before "of course", and the vestiges will be transmitted afterwards, but as Haiku talks about the eastern country of Basho's world, there has never been a vivid depiction of life. Even in Edo, some modern Ichii scholars used haiku as an unconscious historical source of society, but for some reason, pay attention to this change in haiku style. Seems to have been sparse. From my point of view, the monryu of Tetoku was based in Kyoto, and because it did not stop with respect for the old-fashioned elegance, the so-called Shizuyama was projected up to the scenery of one's life. Not yet, but still proves the nominal form of things, at least their old existence. However, when it came to the sect of Soin, which happened in Tsugu, the fantasy was too unrestrained. While adopting the most abundant events and affairs, they do not try to be detained by the decree, but instead rush to the other side of their academic knowledge and draw a world of selfish dreams. It was. Among Basho's disciples, Kikaku | Kikaku has been struck by this phrase in the early days of his life. If I inadvertently incorporated it into the historical sources of that era, I wouldn't know what kind of wrong historical view I would fall into.
Therefore, it was fortunate that no one tried to go in too deeply until the boundary of this normal wind "Shofu" was clearly separated. For example, in "Winter Day", the so-called "Jinshaku" supplement that people are familiar with,
[# Indent 3 characters from here]
Three days "Mika" flower | Parrot "Parrot" Onaga bird army "Toriikusa" Shigego "Jugo"
Shira hair 《Kami》 Isamu Koshi 《Koshi》 Solitary 苅 《Udogari》 Cargo 《Kakei》
[# End of indentation here]
Or in the fourth volume
[# Indent 3 characters from here]
In the New Year, when the fashion is coming, Nadeshiko is coming, and Tokoku is especially.
Tsuzumi hand direction "Tamu" Kuru Benkei no Miya "Nomizu" "Easy"
Tomorrow's tiger's day's day, blacksmith's sudden wake up, old man
[# End of indentation here]
Some people still say that there is such a fact somewhere, but I think it's just a fake. From spring to the beginning of summer, when a terrible mischief continues, in order to end the year as soon as possible, we named it "Hayashogatsu" and named it "Hayashogatsu" in June. In the early Edo period, the custom of forming the New Year was in the countryside of people, and there are still laws and regulations that stopped it. However, if it is fantasy to decorate Nadeshiko on such a day, the following phrase, Benkei no Miya, is not very real. If there was such a palace, I would have been able to hit the drum and fold it, and this phrase of Ichiren was made. I think that the phrase of Tora's day was added in an attempt to pull it back toward Jimichi [# "jimichi" as an emphasis mark], but I'm still interested in the next "Nanjing". It became the phrase "Tsuchi". The cause is very similar to that of the old man, Udokari. On the other hand, if you can have a drastic taste such as having a parrot instead of the chicken of Yayoi's festival, you must do it again. I couldn't help but come up with a more crazy fantasy, so there was no one who quietly watched it and tightened it, that is, Danrin's first-class fireworks. I think it would have been such an end.
[# 5 indentation] Two [# "two" is the middle heading]
The developmental pathways such as paintings are almost parallel to the above to a certain point. Initially | Who would be the one when the bold evil song "Akugyaku" of the Umeo sect advanced after breaking through the elegant haiku of "Teimon" without the childhood "Osa"? There must have been no one who couldn't be happy with the excitement of unfolding the picture scroll of Toba Sojo, but the road of Hyakki Yagyo was a quest. There was a whole place. There is no end to fantasy. Eventually, it is natural that the person who tried to capture the human figure like Otsu-e "Otsue" was given the skillful and free technique and disappeared. However, the haiku people have no history of reaching the current prosperity of manga through Hokusai, Kazan, Gyosai, and Kiyochika, and people just say "Hokku". It was decided to limit the depiction of the changing world by siege to Demaru, but instead, the business was small as if it had been sold to the town of Otsu from the beginning. It wasn't something like that. It was not aimed only at an easy life, as it can be represented by a few lines and coloring.
People who were thinking about the appendix 《Tsukuku》 were usually taught to draw the picture 《Eyo》 on their chests first. Kasen reminded us of the arrangement of picture frames of thirty-five men and women priests, and we still call the continuation of each two phrases a picture (Tabroo) for convenience. ing. However, the haiku tabuloo was not a fixed flat drawing board. First, there was a certain length of time, undulations, sparkles, and what could be called the silence of Ma while waiting for something. If I could impress such a complicated and illusory combination vividly in the hearts of the troupe with the power of Japanese with only 14 or 17 letters, even with the afterglow of the previous phrase. Although the scope was narrow, it was already a big business. I don't know if some of the old-fashioned countryside work songs, such as "Shigoto Uta," had similar scene creations, but at least among the so-called world literature, they were so neat and quiet. In addition, there is nothing that has been effective. It should not be said that it does not fit the definition of literature because there is no ratio in other countries. Rather, the idea of ​​literature should have been modified accordingly.
In the era of Danrin's boasting, I don't know if it can still be described as a kind of game, an improvement of the so-called fire-turning ass-taking phrase, but in the early days of Masakaze, the poets of the early days He was trying to bring the most important life experience to his ass, order it into their beloved melody, and laugh from the bottom of his heart. Junichi's Ecstaaz can still see this even after more than 200 years of cloud fog. It is just this that we struggle to grasp the feelings of the owner from the expression that is close to the dressing room like this mystery. It was because there was a truth that only people were trying to tell, and there was no way to revive and see a certain old time that had disappeared otherwise. The most grateful thing is that a lot of old knowledge has just come from "just" * [# "moon + old", 3rd level 1-90-47] preserved in the form of leaves "Oshiba" Contrary to what is being said, the things of haiku are transmitted in the same way as they were at that time * [# 2 character dot, 1-2-22]. Once the voices came together, we, who were born in the same land and have not been separated for generations, could not have been able to gain understanding and excitement. It was unnatural to be seen so far because of a slight change in customs. In order to make history a warm scholarship, we had to revisit the ancient and modern renku.
[# 5 indentation] Three [# "three" is the middle heading]
Another reason why the renku became incomprehensible was that the times changed and people's attention was turned aside. To put it from the back, the fragment of life that was once painful is already forgotten and contained in what is being kept away from this person, Konjin. there were. It's not so difficult just to know what kind of experience it was. Looking over the many volumes of haiku, the problems that were the purpose of "Eitan" from beginning to end are limited. It is thought that it is a coherent and unchanging law of ancient and modern times, such as the social feeling that we are still worried about, especially the gratitude of blood relations, or the relationship between men and women. It was one of the most interesting discoveries in itself that, in addition, the passage of time in a blink of an eye made it necessary to carry out such a dark search as soon as possible.
We think that the changes in the life and death of the house and the negotiations with the marriage system cannot reveal the changes in the early modern period unless the haiku is used as the main historical material. Since ancient times, many stories have simply followed a fixed pattern, or described only excellent and peculiar cases, ignoring ordinary everyday romance. The record of a prostitute was also significant in that it reflected the transition of social facts, which is more important than anything else, from one aspect, but many of them are also the most mechanical in the corner of the prefecture. Only dealing with life, the end became completely useless literature. However, on the seat of love in haiku, the most common and small folk affair, which was just ridiculed in this kind of literature, is often pulled out by Lenovo and sits down. As you can see in the picture scroll, * [# "Moon" instead of "Word" in "藹", 3rd level 1-91-26] Interlaced with the Romans of "Joro", especially one volume It was changing the color of. We are also interested in the fact that many of the authors have quiet insights that are not captive because of the legal body and retreat that have gone through such problems. Given the rarely objective and frosty history of romance, I can predict the coming of a day that will be prized by later sociologists for all materials in this area.
Next, in the haiku series, the life of killing the army was frequently used, and the courage and samurai temperament that accompanies it, etc. Therefore, it seems that it was recognized as a big factor to make love and two sides, but for some reason, there is a lot of knowledge from reading here, and only concepts that are not based on experiments are toys. There was a remarkable tendency to be played. Besides, many Takebe stories "Buhenbanashi" have been handed down to the world, and there is nothing to learn from the collection of haiku. On the other hand, in the direction of the third so-called Jinshaku, people who speak eloquently, even though they have produced many, still leave behind their writings. A small scene has been observed by a poet. Our religious life, which has been accumulated for ten centuries, has changed completely in the Meiji era as "Gazen". Even if the names and shapes of the shrines and temples are preserved, the life of the people who surround them is not old. There are various occupations that have been actively taken over by the world before and are no longer recognized as existing, and even scholars who have forgotten them and are still trying to preach the continuation of the old-fashioned style have already appeared. What made the mistake in the book writing awaken was not prepared in advance for today because things were so mediocre. Only the record of the haiku, who was a friend of the lonely profane, told us this by chance.
[# 5 indentation] 4 [# "4" is the middle heading]
There are many examples, but I think about Yamabushi here. The new policy of the Meiji era denied the grace of Shugendo, one half of them endured the law and became a monk, and the other part could not forget the prestige of your company, Genzoku. He was transferred to the priesthood of Hira. In the countryside of Ou, Kanto, there were many who became farmers while holding the temple. It must have taken a letter of comfort to merge and assimilate into other organizations in society without incident due to the disappearance of occupations. Since Yamabushi was inherited with blood relations, their traditional memories were rich, and the number was also quite large. In fact, the spirit is good and bad, and it still remains in one corner. It is natural that those who look back on the past and try to explain the present should elaborate on this lost fact. What's more, I learned a little about the daily life of the lower class Shugendo in the eastern country through Kempel's "Edo Sanfu Journey", and even more so, I saw several Yamabushi of Noh kyogen. It only barely senses the social status of this person. However, in this haiku renku, I try to touch their lives as many times as I want, except for the six phrases in the table. Then, it was also an interesting pattern of the usual Ukiyo.
It is not possible to make a decision based on the twelve phrases, but fortunately there are abundant materials if you want to make repeated comparisons. Even from the few additional notes that I have just noticed, I can only roughly understand the life of Yamabushi in the middle of the Edo period, at least how the world's folks saw it. It seems like "Waka".
[# Indent 3 characters from here]
A cloud that spits the moon into a mouse, and a cloud that begins to spit out Yugiku.
Akiyama's voice of Arayamabushi's voice, Akiyama's voice
Lumberjack 《Kokeshi god tree》 Yugo 《Yugo》
[# End of indentation here]
It seems that the mouse was a story-like intention because of the decency such as Raigo Acharya, but it seems that Kamiki collapsed naturally. It must have been common sense around this time that I thought of it. Then, one of the famous "Fukagawa Shu"
[# Indent 3 characters from here]
A shoko is also coming from my trace, Ranran.
In front of Seki, who cuts and hangs Yamabushi
A world where armor must be used, and Shado Hamada
[# End of indentation here]
Although it was clearly a wide range of historical paintings, this kind of tradition was still impressed at that time, and in particular, the scene of Nembutsu training was made terrifying. During the Warring States period, Yamabushi was often used by spies and was often unwilling to take his life against the samurai. I told it to my friends again, and I felt the depth of their obsession with people, and there is evidence that it seems that they made the land of Tosei in the dark. is there.
[# Indent 3 characters from here]
I'm tired of traveling, and I missed this time, Sayanagi.
If it becomes a toothless, the shell will not be blown.
Moon cold hood 《Zukin》 Aburi and wearing a hood bird 《Buncho》
[# End of indentation here]
The phrases in this were also the borderline of the old Yamabushi. There were so many trainees who went out all the time that traveling was their main business.
[# Indent 3 characters from here]
There is no loss to the sumo power 《Sumo》 《Ensui》
Yamabushi is one of the villages of Yamabushi.
Crumbling "Kuzu" Rekaeriken "Noki" bee "Hachi" nest "Table bag" Takutai "
[# End of indentation here]
I don't know if it existed in other regions, but the geography of Omi 《Oumi》 states that there were some villages that were only Yamabushi. I used to live on a trip like this, but some of them went out on the highway to solicit donations. If you jump into the sumo of such a village, you will lose and you will not be able to complain. So they were also strong people.
[# Indent 3 characters from here]
Always, the bush warbler, the Japanese bush warbler, the Japanese bush warbler, the Japanese bush warbler, the Japanese bush warbler, the Japanese bush warbler, and the Japanese bush warbler.
Yamabushi | Living "Sumi" is a human being. Wild water "Easy"
Straw / \ wedge-wedge rice car 《Komeguruma》
[# End of indentation here]
It seems that the phrase after that was based on the story of the great virtue of Yue, but the center was still a rough realism of Yamabushi Village. When I think about it, in the summer night chapter of "Zokusarumi no",
[# Indent 3 characters from here]
Uramichi from Yabu to the village.
Eat "Kui" and "Muko" and "Shuto" are also spoken.
At what time, it becomes Yamabushi.
[# End of indentation here]
There was also an example like that. Instead of going on a trip and earning a living, he went out as a monk in one hand of farming, but even so, both parents and children were noisy, and it seems that they were ridiculed by just a peasant. .. What is a little clearer now is the first volume of "Hisago".
[# Indent 3 characters from here]
Evening evening of Suwa's hot water "Ideyu" in the entrance "Irigomi" Kyokusui
High Yamabushi in the middle, old man
Dropping things to one side, rare 《Chinseki》
[# End of indentation here]
People didn't pay attention to it because the next one was followed by a flowery love phrase, but Yamabushi's creepy habit of making a statement on the trip was quite active. "I" It is projected lively.
[# Indent 3 characters from here]
Yudachi's Shino Suspension Dry Suzukakeho Shinisha Yado Rikeri Ax Fuboku
Complimenting the child, it's also difficult, a little bit, Kitae, Hokushi
[# End of indentation here]
As for, the Yamabushi-likeness of Yamabushi is drawn by the time it is close to the piercing. It seems that it was the journey Yamabushi of posterity who tried to cross the world with intimidation by storing a sharp halberd "Kibo" that even Zen priests did not know and abusing it on ordinary people. Even if the profession changes to a politician or a lawyer, some people still try to live using the same method in Japan today. For those who find it bitter, it was necessary to think back in detail about the history of this Yamabushi.
[# 5 indentation] 5 [# "5" is the middle heading]
Haiku is the only quiet literature in Japan that still remains for our recreation. I don't know if anyone would use it for such mundane research, but to me it seems to me that it is almost the only achievement of haiku that should continue into the future. Not only the problem of Yamabushi alone, but also some other characteristics of the predecessor society are now filled with this impression. It is a world where people are asked and asked. For example, the discrimination between the wind and the wild, which ordinary people often talked about, would not be known without it, but it is so ironic that there is no strong theory. Even in the so-called Jinshaku phrase, the taste of Tonsei, which people respected, such as "The origin of the spirit is when the flower buds bud." , The complicated feeling before and after shaving the hair, or the sadness of the Nembutsu traveler who "slams the flower into the small village of the dew frost", by the way, Mannichi There are many things I would like to explain and think about, such as the crowd psychology of a thousand days and the childhood that was revived only on the day of the festival of the village. However, it is all in a similar way, that is, to the extent of the senryu researcher in this section, at least if we appreciate the renku.
The last thing I can't help but say is that the sympathetic depictions of life of this era are all based on the individual experiments of each poet. For example, it was not like the private property of modern literary figures. If one person knows something and sees the world and always uses it only for his own name, even for a short period of time, the renku of Masakaze will prosper. I wouldn't have. Although the group of the people who were assigned to the region was small, the feeling of one of them became the training of other sushi. I think that was the amazing inspiration of haiku, and at the same time, it was a delicate reason that imitation was difficult to eradicate. Basho was an excellent leader and an observer of the unrivaled world, but he still indirectly learned a lot of the life of that era from the experience of those who were not himself. I don't know if it's the power of a declining night talk today, or the mellow traveler's listening skills, and what was clearly in love and faith was in my own career. I am experiencing the same as I was. It was one undisputed difference from what it had in later years, which had the scent of a couple of phrases, or which chased away the concept, or which would otherwise make a small impression from me. In recent years, I have been thinking about the life of the island's drifter, Runin, but in the case of haiku, only Basho is the only hidden corner of this problem, as early as two hundred and several decades ago. I knew "Sumizumi". I haven't heard that my old man had a close relationship with someone who had crossed the island or met a pardon and returned, but at least he often rebuked him. The only life on the island was a sketch, and from my point of view, it was Miyake or Hachijo, anyway, among the islands of Izu. I don't think I imagined it in the sky. The exile situation is what we now call exotic, and most of them are the fruits of the Edo people, and there was a humanity underneath. I think that what was useful as a subject of haiku would have been better than traveling, hermits, and the lives of Yukaku, but when I did that, I remembered the scene in my heart every time. Taking this out and using it in a reasonable case was an indescribable training. The value of folk historical materials contained in Genroku's haiku can be highly evaluated from this point as well. So I can't draw a lot of examples, but I read our "here" and ended this volume with a couple of surprises as to why I knew this. I will decide.
[# Indent 3 characters from here]
The moon near the shore of the boat where the fish are piled up.
Dew-fleshed island beggar "Kojiki" and Kuromihate, old man
Gradually the wind of Sabuki Ming dynasty 《Chisoku》
[# End of indentation here]
This was a part of "Chidori Kakeshu". Because self-reliance was the main rule on the island of Izu, Ryujin always picked up and ate terrible things because there were only beaches. It seems that it was a usual practice to forget shame and come closer every time there was a boat entry. In this phrase, a pitiful figure like Shunkan comes to mind. Next, in the first volume of "Hatsunasubi",
[# Indent 3 characters from here]
The voice of the bell "Kane" of the morning maiden band temple "Saitai Dera" Sora "Sora"
Today as well, the beggar of life and the island << Kotsujiki >>
悴 《Kaj》 Ketaru flowers do not scatter and 茱萸 《Gumi》 Folded 《Fugyoku》
[# End of indentation here]
Hachijo's Sofukuji Temple has been a wife for a long time, and has been wealthy like a priest, Goushi. While listening to the sound of the bells of such a temple, I am also a spectacle of taking care of the food of the day. Then, there were always many monks on this island.
[# Indent 3 characters from here]
Furthermore, the deer horn that breaks through the wall of the coming night, Sora
The crying moon of the island fairy 《Togi》
Iro / \'s prayer "Inori" is put in a basket in a flower.
[# End of indentation here]
It is a phrase of "Oku no Hosomichi Remains". Deer did not live on the island of Izu, such as Tsushima and Goto, so it may be impossible to attach them. However, even in the hut that was torn by the horns of a deer, many drifters still found the island fairy and lived with them. In Hachijo, it was customary to call the woman fetching water. It seems that it was a tribute to the lonely affection that he cried when he heard a man's nostalgic story. The imagination was rather surprising if it wasn't the true story of how many people, but merely the author's intent. This is because many islanders have always found such a sympathetic water fetcher and used it as a single consolation.
[#New Page]
[# 3 indentation] Lifestyle haiku [# "Lifestyle haiku" is a big headline]
[# 5 indentation] 1 [# "1" is the middle heading]
Our attitude toward national literary arts has been so simple until now that too many people lived for the rest of their lives without any relation to this. If possible, this needs to be revised, or at least a new kind of literary perspective needs to be added. With this in mind, in Japan's literary achievements, the social status of the haiku, which I think is probably unparalleled in the world, and the negotiations between us and ordinary people, are particularly significant in what aspects. I want to think about whether it is deep.
First of all, I would like to say that I am a fan of haiku, especially Basho, who is enthusiastic and unyielding to any number of people. However, I have never tried to use haiku or anything like that. I think it's probably because I can't do it, but in fact I didn't try to make it again, so in a nutshell, I don't like the haiku. Rather, he is suspicious and worried that the extreme fashion of haiku is burying the true taste of haiku. There is some evidence for this suspicion. Basho | Decades after the loneliness, the famous "Seven Parts Collection" was gathered together, and it became a thankful scripture for the Mappo people. However, there are many different books in this "Nanabushu", and of course the text has not been finalized yet. Many of the people who are trying to do this are the "Manyoshu", which was created a thousand and hundreds of years ago and has been hidden in the world of biography for a long time. It is already rare that Taka is a work about 245 years old that requires a comment, but when comparing two or more of the comments, they are as different as black and white. There is. Except for one, the others are proof that they were eye-catching, and in some cases they may all be wrong. I was surprised because all of them are the theory of a person who is said to be a master of "Human", that is, they mainly made haiku without even understanding "Seven parts". It's a story.
[# 5 indentation] Two [# "two" is the middle heading]
The word haiku seems to be a new word since the Meiji era. In Japan, the abbreviation "Ichiko" is used for the first high school, so it is also nice to abbreviate "haiku" for "brick". However, it cannot be argued that the haiku that devoted my life to Basho is about to become even more mysterious. In this sense, Shiki Masaoka, who is most grateful to us as a meritorious person of the new era of writing, is not the opening of Chukou in the haiku, or a group of haiku. It may be the first generation of Shiki's new literary arts. In his writing, Shiki clearly states that the renga renga sung by Basho, that is, Basho, is not literature. It would be safe to put so-called haiku in an independent land in this way, and it may have been necessary to break new ground in haiku as it is today, but it was an unbearable eradication for us. It was. Why can't the most historical part of this haiku be literature? Or at least why could it be asserted by a good literary man that it wasn't literature? I think this is a big and meaningful theme for a small number of students who are going to major in Japanese cultural history in the future, but it is doubtful whether it will provide interest to the general public. Therefore, it would be better to refrain from discussing the details head-on today.
However, as the most prominent phenomenon of society, what I would like to deal with with you here is, first of all, why Japan is a special literary art that cannot be included in the definition of literature brought from abroad. Did it just appear in Japan? This is a suspicious thing that even Japanese people who do not play on the path of haiku can't help but think about it. Secondly, the haiku of Shomon, who was praised as "Shofu-Fueki", left only the words in the world, and the others were abandoned for a long time and followed the same flow. Even so, why and how it became unexplainable. This point is not just a problem of the world's "Frog Poem and Ren". An even more significant question in this world is whether this seemingly mysterious predecessor, due to the clear fact of its existence, speaks to young Japanese students who are about to leave the world. Is. In short, what cultural and historical value does haiku provide to us in addition to its artistic value? Even if someone who doesn't understand says that there is none, it is better not to believe it lightly. Many important sciences happened in the early modern period. Until it was newly chanted, one could only think of nothing in front of him. And that ignorant inertia was something that should have been quite powerful and scary.
[# 5 indentation] Three [# "three" is the middle heading]
For the three homework on the right, unfortunately I got only one answer. In order to solicit the cooperation of many future researchers, we are now only trying to point in one direction of the commentary. The word haiku or renku is also found in Japanese ancient literature. Then, of course, it was imported from "of course" China "China", but it is probable that the content to which this word was applied had existed before the import. Whether or not the translations of the words of the two countries were correct is always a problem with these intangible nouns, but it seems that there was no big discrepancy only in this case. The range of people's laughter is wide, but the purpose of haiku was not all. The most vulgar thing in laughter is the liberation, the so-called secret of swearing and the satisfaction of lust, and the most harmful one is the ridicule, but these two The fact that one of them was not included in the renku, even in China, can be inferred from the fact that the humorous "Kokkei" of Dongfang Shuo, which appears in "History", was performed at the court. Be done. Japanese renku was also touted in upstream literature. It's clear that it wasn't a laugh that directly hurt the other person. One of the characteristics was the confrontation with the serious one, and the intentional but imitation of the strangeness. It shows that I can't do what a good person does because I'm not strong enough, and I call it a self-deprecating laugh. In fact, there were many men who were excellent in the wisdom of the people who made this possible. In other words, it was the skill of the person who was the best at making people laugh. In the old days, it was called Shirel Shiremono, and then it became Jirakoku or Jira, and the word "Zare" was very close to it. It can be said that it is the most artistic version of laughter.
The fact that it was attached to the particularly solemn of human language and deeds in our country was probably not a general habit common to all humankind, as it seems to be a nation. I think. It is said that Kyogen occurs, that is, immediately after a formal ritual, it is mistakenly imitated, or it is shown with a completely unrelated foolish act, which makes the audience laugh a lot. The acting method is strange, but from my point of view, the original purpose of the method is to deepen the impression of the previous correct thing by contrast and to make the disadvantageous loss of making a mistake awaken, that is, lol. It seems to be a design that utilizes humanity that is afraid of being sick. The fact that the role of the former Wazawogi, that is, the actor, was that, is already visible in the stories of Yukihiko Umi and Yukihiko Yama. In old tales, that is, folk tales, our name, the next-door grandfather, has long been representative of this. Immediately after the good old man got great fortune without measuring, the bad old man would be jealous of him again and he would make a terrible mistake. Is accompanied by. Therefore, it is not uncommon for people to be polite with lessons such as having to be honest or not imitating them. The feelings of those who laugh at this have changed, and nowadays there are many places where only such laughter remains, but the old tales that children listen to are still paired together. There is. The lion dance of Kagura is also called Wokashi in Tohoku, and Kyogen Tayu is attached in Kansai, and it covers that scary side. I try to make tea toward the lion dance. Even somehow the manzai that is popular these days has the role of a person who responds in a tongue-in-cheek style, and only the shape is preserved. We think that the song was transmitted to the literature and that it was formed as one, so the famous dozens of chapters in the Chokusenshu of the "Kokonshu" It seems that the song is nothing but a kind of talented brewery that accompanies Japanese poems.
[# Indent 3 characters from here]
Ahimi Makuhoshi [# "Hoshi" has a lot of emphasis marks], but per person [# "Tsuki" has an emphasis mark]
The earsless mountain's lips are squeezed by the underdyeing of the color of the thoughts [# "Hinoiro" and the emphasis mark].
[# End of indentation here]
It's just a weak pun now, but the shape was just like the song and it contained such an unexpected mouth, so the courtiers of that era laughed with a stomachache. It must be.
[# 5 indentation] 4 [# "4" is the middle heading]
There are only a few renku in the record, but when the song becomes popular and the song gets stuck again, that is, a new renku pops out. Came. When the play of the style of the detached palace of Minase was very popular, a new book of chestnuts was added in opposition to the book of persimmons of ancient singing. A group of singing songs called "Moto" was born. One of them is called the Zaza of the monkey, while the monkey is also called the Zaza of the monkey. Moreover, although the names of both are new, it seems that this kind of deviation has existed for a long time, so it seems that the renga was originally a renku in itself, and at least it is transmitted today, laughing. It's all about things. All the talented male and female writers were involved in this little by little. For example, Izumi Shikibu, which may be a legend, is said to have always had a surprising exchange. When a man visits Kamo, he wraps a piece of paper and passes in front of the house. Immediately scrutinize toward the point
[# 3 indentation] Is Thousand Haya Furukami wrapped around his legs?
When I say that, the man does not pull out,
[# 3 indentation] What is "Yashiro"?
The only answer was that it was early, and it was a very unrelenting conversation. In addition, a monk named Acharya of the Asahi sneaks into the house of a certain Onmyoji named Bo of Abe, and finds a place where he discovers and tries to get away. hand,
[# 3 indentation] Alas, Yuruya Asahi in the west << Kana >>
Said the host, the shaven,
[# 3 indentation] Dr. Astronomy How to see
It seems that the phrase below 《Shimo》 was made earlier. Alternatively, there was also an example in which the 14 characters of the lower phrase were submitted first, and the answer of the upper 17 characters was challenged. Someone saw a lawyer roofing the roof by the roadside.
[# 3 indentation] Thatched roof of Hijiri no Ya
When you say
[# 3 indentation] Ame may leak to the bottom.
There is also a story that it was attached. Hijiri was a trained priest and was the name of a person who did not have a wife, but at this time, hiding was a common secret, as if he was a superior, Buddha. That's why this gift shook the listener's belly. The samurai style that you all know well,
[# 3 indentation] The length of the batter "Koromo" is broken.
Even when you think about the renga of Hachiman Taro and Sadato, it's just a pun of words. It's not a complaint that comes to mind inside. In other words, it is nothing more than a historical source that tells us that such narratives were touted in this era.
What's more, this renga is becoming more and more lenient, with the renga pulling back one after another and connecting it like a hundred phrases and fifty phrases like a cable length. In order to distinguish it from the Renga of Naruichishu Ryosaku, the latter part is also called "Tsugi" or "Uta". When a method was set for this so-called sequel, and people kept it and repeated the same thing endlessly, there was a need for another haiku renga in order to break the monotony as soon as possible. It was coming. Therefore, the early haiku masters always come out of the gate of the Renga master. Like Moritake Arakida of Ise, there are many people who have continued to use the phrase "Za", but sometimes during the long renga. It can be inferred from "Inu Tsukubashū" that he was interested in inserting "Tonkyo" profane phrases and words. It was the former zero drop and formalization that made me want to see renga for renga and haiku for haiku. Originally, the renga of haiku should have been just a renga mixed with haiku. When many people thought that it had to be a series of puns and puns in the Arakida Moritake style, only my Basho stopped and thought quietly again. It was done. We think it was a straightforward haiku that impressed us now.
[# 5 indentation] 5 [# "5" is the middle heading]
In other words, whether or not to accept the opinion such as Matsunaga Teitoku that there should be no phrase without a haiku in the series of Hyakuin 36 | Gin. It was a rhyme. If it was a law that should not be moved, there was no room for the so-called haiku of today to be born. However, the definition of haiku by such people is freely wide, admitting that it is a form of haiku in addition to the haiku of the heart, and even if the term is just a modern idiom. I used to make it all right, but when I saw it, it was still a cramped story, and that alone was not enough to express all the universes of life, all the boundaries and emotions. Is a matter of course. That's why there are so many haiku of Sadamon, but it's funny, but it's still boring, and now there aren't many people who look at the ministry. Basho, on the other hand, was by no means a radical innovationist. While following the interpretation of the previous generation, Semi-Naka has achieved great effects by putting his own judgment into practice everywhere. For example, as the subject of haiku, it has been an implicit promise since the early days to emphasize literary affairs, but thanks to the fact that it was kept fairly faithfully, it can be used as a mere depiction of people's lives. , His literary arts still thank us. Then, as the critics of "later" do not say yet, the realism of each description, the phrase is not the originality of the Basho sect, so to speak, the long-term accumulation of the leading haiku masters, etc. It should be called the knack of the technology that was obtained [# "kotsu" is an emphasis mark], and because I tried to accept it as much as possible and to include it, even short phrases are actually lively. It's interesting, but the disciples are inheriting only part by part.
However, if I say what was the point of Basho's color development, I think that in a word, the haiku was made to meet our request for its original use and laughter. .. Or, it may be a problem whether the term is correct or not, which was collectively called haiku, but at least laughter was not the whole of Basho's haiku, and at the same time, he admitted that it was an indispensable element of haiku. The point is in line with the old tradition. In other words, he has the right to be named Shofu. In other words, there was no haiku of Shomon, which does not deal with laughter, and it is called Renpai, which tries to make people laugh from the phrase "Hokku". There is no one thing. It is the same as if there is no speaker who does not have any absurdity to say something strange from "Oh yeah" as soon as he goes up to "Koza", rather it is casual at first, and then All I had to do was to anticipate the humorous humor. Therefore, if you look at the words apart, it is natural that you do not want to laugh at all seriously, that is, unless you extend the meaning of the word haiku by a lot of effort, today's so-called haiku is by itself. It means that it is not a haiku. Moreover, the taste of Basho's haiku is made even more subtle by this thoughtful cooking method. From my point of view, the major function of Genroku's haiku was not only to utilize the traditional haiku alone, but also to rejuvenate the renga at the same time. One is just elegant and has no luster or fragrance, and the other is lively but noisy Taikomochi art. I think it was a new attempt to mix the two well and put the poetry into it. The reason why it prevailed at that time was that it contradicts the feelings of ordinary people, especially laughter, which was not seen in the literature of laughter before. Because sadness and sorrow and sorrow have come to be piled up in places where they can freely reach, their movements | Although I was trying to explain with various new terms such as hosomi, the master sect died unexpectedly early, and the old-fashioned educated haiku masters are still full in the country. I was afraid, and in each case I was able to explain and extend this only to my own skill. It seems to be the cause of the unfinished symphony, the lingering sound is still transmitted, and there is no one who happens in a hurry, and it becomes lonely like the darkness of "after" after the flowery fireworks. ..
[# 5 indentation] 6 [# "6" is the middle heading]
If you elaborate on this discussion too much, it would be a problem even if some people get bored, so I will turn around and explain with a few examples. I especially love reading "Seven Parts", so it's easy to draw an example from this. Comparing this book with the previous renku, the most obvious difference was the quantity, or the length of the attachment. There is only one hundred rhymes, that is, a series of hundred phrases, in the "Seven Parts Collection", and all the other sixty episodes are Kasen, that is, a series of thirty-six phrases. In addition to this, there are twelve exceptions such as "Hatsukaishi", but generally, the time when "Winter Day" came out was designated as Sakai, and then it was exclusively based on this form. I'm trying. However, in the series of haiku before Danrin, the rhyme was the usual form, just because there was such a form. Some of them called "Toppyakuin" and performed ten hundred phrases at a time, and Nishizuru and others even tried a thousand phrases of self-indulgence. This change in fashion was of great importance to the history of haiku, and was originally of interest in progress, neglecting phrase-by-phrase elaboration. Of course "of course" The results have also appeared on top of the structure, in the previous so-called first wave ten thousand waves, just when the child begins playfully, was very similar to going to the excitement "excitement" without endlessly. On the other hand, in the Kasen of "Nanabushu", there is a paw's (stop) in the phrase-by-phrase "renraku", and there is also a grievance "kugin". The reason why it cannot be dismissed as a general name is that the characteristics of Genroku are still clear even when compared with Tenmei's haiku, which is said to be the reconstruction period of the later generations, that is, Basho's plan. What I was doing was different from the previous one and the latter one. I don't know if it wasn't completely successful, but it seems that he was aiming for harmony as a whole. The same humorous "Kokei" admits several stairs, the most harmonic of which is trying to wrap the rest with a quiet and lonely one. Even though the main focus of change is the same as it used to be, he always paid attention to the proportions and avoided bias. Not only are the undulations high and low, but we also tried to provide many centers of waves in as wide an area as possible. Therefore, the rippled Aya was also beautiful.
To explain with two examples, one is in the middle of the first volume of the most famous "Winter Day". In response to the phrase "te", there is a series of the following.
[# Indent 3 characters from here]
Aruji is a poor 《Hin》 and a phantom house 《Karaie》 Morikuni 《Tokoku》
When Tanaka Naru Koman was a willow vine, he was a cargo maker.
Boat in the fog |
View the twilight sideways 《Naga》 Muru Tsukisomi 《Tokoku》
Next to Shiki Town, Shiki, Shiki.
[# End of indentation here]
Oman Tanaka was a beautiful woman who was touted by the world. After a pitiful poem about the evening when the willows on the shore of the gate are scattered, the man who suddenly pulls the boat is depicted with a fluffy waist, and it is naturally well connected. .. I brought it back to a different kind of scene, which is quiet again and reminiscent of even the Yugao volume, so the humorousness of the chinba is making a leap, and after that it is even more subdued and elegant. The poetic sentiment of the people, Renju, who tried to surround him with a simple phrase, is in good harmony. And this silent promise is almost always kept, not only here, but every time a strange laughing phrase comes out. Also, one more thing, "this" is in the final "Zokusarumi", and the master "Sosho" only participates in one phrase, so be careful of people too much. Although it is not an association, the fun of change is often manifested in the phrase "Is it a storm that can be pulled by a brave hawk?" Ichiren. This is also in the middle of that
[# Indent 3 characters from here]
Astringent paper package for sale "Shibugamizutsu" Grated storage "Riho"
The heat of the kefu is not so good. Horse * [# "Kusakanmuri / Mi", 3rd level 1-90-89] << Baken >>
The voice of Gisu in the sand is fluffy. 《Senpo》 [# Ruby's “Senpo” is “Senbo” in the bottom]
If people don't say goodbye, don't say goodbye.
Kotatsu fires and makes you feel uncomfortable * [# "Kusakanmuri / Mi", Level 3 1-90-89]
One stone "Ikkoku" Fumi-kara thin rice
[# End of indentation here]
There is. The heat has not been dealt with in songs for a long time, and this phrase is all the words of ordinary people, and in the literary world, it becomes a haiku by itself, but since it is a little weak, the next phrase is the countryside. The things are connected. Gissu is not the last minute of the retail price, but our grasshopper. The scene where only this insect is singing in the middle of the day is nostalgic for me and others, and it reminds me of Children's Day, when I gently took a bath while my parents took a nap. Unlike cicadas, Gissu's voice is interrupted for a long time, so it often follows the next phrase that people say goodbye, but since I'm trying to turn this light smile phrase into a love phrase immediately, there. There is some difficulty in. Instead, it fits well with the next Kotatsu phrase, as if reading a herb booklet, Kusazoushi or something. There is a reputation for making haiku vulgar with a familiar idea to the whole, but anyway, the effort to make the whole into one harmonious and beautiful thing is well recognized.
[# 5 indentation] Seven [# "Seven" is the middle heading]
Even in the medieval renga, there are more restrictions on the appendix "Tsukuku" than in haiku, and there are noisy "Sata" such as "Sarikira" and "Uchiko". However, the changes in individual phrases and the development of the scenes were taken into consideration, but the separation was limited and the emotional vibrations were small. In particular, the author's position was similar, and the journey was a little long, so I managed to return to the same place, and when I looked at the whole thing, I couldn't help but feel like a board. In other words, the haiku happened without being able to endure the monotony, but even if Basho's arrival arrived, it cannot be said that it was completely overcome. We see a rather amusing trend of innovation, halfway down. We call the changes created by each of these appendices, the thirty-five new sensations and new relationships in Kasen, the tabuloo, which is called the picture "Eyo". 》 Even if you call it a scene, there is actually some criticism that it is too inclined to the sense of the eyes. Some of these are completely unvoiced poems, such as the previously mentioned "Twilight laying down on the moon," but on the other hand, "Giss in the thorns" and There is also a scene that I tried to appeal to my ears, such as the following phrase. Not only the Chinese phrase "Renku" but also the habit of thinking "this" just like a continuation of words did not stop until the time of the Danrin school. Therefore, there was something similar to the existing children's ass-taking phrase "Shiritori-monku" and the play "deflection" such as fire-turning, but in Shomon's haiku, study and avoid this, and be as mindful as possible. Also trying to rely on a chain of feelings or illusions. Only twelve rare exceptions, for example
[# Indent 3 characters from here]
The needle of the 5th place 《Goi》 was standing 《Standing》
The gate of the priest "Guuji" is tilted to the pine needles
[# End of indentation here]
And,
[# Indent 3 characters from here]
All the food persimmons and the persimmons are astringent.
Customers watching the autumn Hatake
[# End of indentation here]
Except for the ones that are close to the melody, most of them are imaginative chains or moving melodies. It is the most natural thing in an individual's life experiment, that is, the same as our daily fantasy, the way we run alone, but yet one of the major requirements of literature, the joint experience of people and ourselves, the joint memory It was the most unpredictable part of. Basho turned it into a rare form of literary art by improving and using the traditional haiku. It is not argued that it is based on the centuries of special literary life that only Japanese people have attended, but on the other hand, it is also the peculiarity of our social organization, that is, divided into small pieces and closely related. The power of the united groups made this possible significantly. In old Japanese, this tiny bond was called "renju", or it was also called "tsure", "togi", or "doshi". Not only in the crossing of the style alone, but also in the countryside and in the group of children. There was an unusual mutual understanding among these people, and then there could have been the easiest, jointly impressed, transcendental need for language. This is the reason why I was able to enter into the depth of humanity, which is sometimes surprising, with such a short phrase. I think that there are not a few points that I don't understand.
Another point to consider is that this haiku has a necessary time and age. Perhaps as you grow older, you will be more likely to agree with this theory. Surprisingly, there were few so-called recluse or hermits in history. In terms of mood and attitude, it is a little like today's ronin or complainer. People who can fight against the times from the front, of course, cannot be criticized in a loud voice, and who endure with a slight anonymity of "Rakushu" with a slight satire. People who were usually frustrated halfway and flirted with alcohol and slaughter used to live in such a strange corner, quietly nourishing their sexuality through literary arts and living their lives. It is the goal of our efforts to realize an era in which the observer of such a mild life does not have to come out at all, but since such a world is unlikely to come for the time being, it has changed a little now. Therefore, the Qingtan literature of this kind of outsider is still required. I think it is one of the great misfortunes for this Japan that it is no longer as graceful and sympathetic as Genroku's haiku.
[# 5 indentation] Eight [# "eight" is the middle heading]
The main purpose of my lecture is to explain how much predecessor knowledge that cannot be obtained by other means can be obtained from this one characteristic literary art peculiar to Japan. One thing that must be touched upon is the weakness of haiku, that is, why it didn't last if it was so good. One of the major causes is that the characteristics of the people "Renju" mentioned above, that is, only the abilities of the authors were developed in a complicated manner, and the demands of the readers were very weak. You can calculate. This is not only a single haiku, but a phenomenon that still exists as a general problem. In other words, Japan is in the middle of the path of literary growth. Even that annoying Western-style novel still has the most enthusiastic readers on the author's side. Those who are a little impressed with the extra "Yobun" will immediately try to write it themselves. Not to mention poetry and haiku, there are more authors than readers in the world. I think that Chinese poetry is an impossible story in this era when Chinese writing declined, but everybody wants to make it when they become great people. In other words, there are still literary arts that are not expected to be read by anyone. In the case of the previous haiku, the readers are particularly limited, and so to speak, only those who understand in the belly of "Meimei" can appreciate each other, and the henju that exists today is like the dregs of that fun. It is a thing. It was natural that the times would soon change and become mysterious. If you don't know how interesting it is, you can still follow the song. It may look like it's understood, but there are phrases that don't make sense at all, or even the ones that are behind the commentary by people. A good example is in recent haiku research books, such as Koda Rohan's book, which is important, but it is out of the question which one is correct, and I have understood it so far. There are many things that are the exact opposite. For example, in "Winter Day"
[# Indent 3 characters from here]
Crane 《vine》 viewing 《viewing》 window moonlight
Autumn day without wind | A day without sake in a bottle "turtle"
[# End of indentation here]
I understood this "wind blowing" as "wind blowing", and the teacher saw it as "wind blowing". Also, of "Sarumino"
[# Indent 3 characters from here]
Temporary pillow that stands up again when you press each other and sleep 《Karimakura》
The still red sky of the clouds
[# End of indentation here]
It is usually called the place where the caster of the trip, Imoji, stands early in the morning, but Mr. Koda does not have a tatara blow that makes the clouds red, so Shinshu or Chikuzen. It is said to be a place name such as "Zen". The joint research of Tohoku University professors has also been published in a book, but it has been reported that the opinions have been different due to different interpretations from the beginning. In the old days, when you look at the illustrations such as "Zokuekasen" by Gibaku, it is too different from what you had drawn on our chests. First of all, it is humorous. To give just one example, Ichiren from "Sumidawara",
[# Indent 3 characters from here]
Kyo who stands in the world for arithmetic "Sanyo" | Residence "Zumai" Basho
Also | My daughter's joy without Sata, Nobo, Yaba
[# End of indentation here]
This "standing in the world" is a life of a spectacle, and when it is used as a seed for rice in Kyoto, it is a phrase that says taiko-mochi or something. However, in this picture book, an old man with glasses is drawing a scale that weighs silver outside the pillow of the man's pillow. is there. Why are people so different in their understanding? In my imagination, one is that there are many grammatical difficulties, and one is that the language and customs have changed with the passage of time, but the main cause is the life of the author. It must be mentioned that the experience of culture and all other life was not common to future readers. The scholarship of the haiku master, which has been passed down since the time of Sogi and Kensai in the heyday of Renga, is quite different from that of modern poets. Their reading types were biased toward some dynasty literature such as "Genji" and "Kokinshu", and the knowledge of the Zenmon "Hogorui" was added to it. Although people in the early modern period often travel, their travel methods are very close to those of the pilgrimage monk, Angyasou, and the dates and itineraries are very long, and they have suffered a great deal of trouble. Well, he seems to have been familiar with a simple life. Only those with such similar experiences could interact with each other to understand and resonate with each other, and at times the interest in poetry was aroused and the senses were sharpened. It's no wonder they often don't go to the point where they look at each other and nod or squeeze their knees. .. Even among those who once participated in the same crowd, later, "later" caused a disagreement, and he was stunned with "Etsujin" and "Kyoriku". 》 And others were swearing and fighting with each other. Misunderstandings were also a master's theory among the followers of posterity, and because there were not enough people to break new ground again, they soon became absorbed in the style again, and Buson was also Issa. "Issa" is like a landlord in the phrase "Hokku", but the haiku of Tenmei and culture is already extremely monotonous again. Our attitude towards predecessor literary arts must be changed. It is good to be prepared for some parts that are not clear, but it is expected that they will be gradually reduced. Anyway, the authors try to enter their borders and see it, which is one of the key points to know the times.
[# 5 indentation] Nine [# "nine" is the middle heading]
Understanding literary arts as an academic discipline was not advocated for the first time these days. To ask about the circumstances that had to occur in a country of a certain new literary art, especially in one era, and what part of the past life of the people it represented. There were some Edo town scholars who did. Since the business is so fragmented, it is often referred to as an essay, but some of the writings of Kyoden and Tanehiko are pioneers and have the same attitude. Nobuyo Kitamura's "Kitamura Nobuyo", that is, "Kiyuushoran", "Picture Certificate", "* [#" Bamboo Kanmuri "" / (Sathen + Gnat making) ”, Level 3 1-89-63] Garden miscellaneous thoughts“ Intezakko ””. Naturally, there should be a lot of passion to search for and ask about the previous life of Ichiijin, who couldn't get his teeth during the grace, from the accidental records of old literary arts. However, it was a drawback that it was still biased toward the prefecture of the subject and did not reach the life of agriculture and fishing. Despite hunting so much literature on top of that, the same method was not applied to Basho's haiku because the times were so close. A wealth of material is left behind for us. The first thing I have to thank for this old man's haiku is that he didn't try to imitate ancient literature, abandoned the romantic old-fashioned style, and at the same time, the fantasy of Danrinfu. It is the suppression of "Honpo". Even so, he was still faithful to the old tradition of making the life of the ordinary people a haiku. And finally, the great Takuma of the depiction technique, especially the kindness of realism beyond cleverness. Although he took advantage of the sensitivity of his modest crowd, Renju, few people were able to pass on the appearance of the times to posterity as accurately as this. Nishizuru, Kiseki, and Chikamatsu's care products are all repeatedly quoted as copies of the social situation, but the scope of the subject matter is narrow despite the large number of words. Compared to the sword, what Haiku saw and conveyed contained the small incidents of all classes, which were neither plays nor novels. The author | temperament "Katagi", who tries to develop this kind of life in front of sympathizers, has some similarities.
We must first think about what is the part that is difficult to understand today, without trying to make a strong and unreasonable interpretation. Most of the outlandish fantasies are strange to the people on the spot, but as soon as the time comes, they become unknown. This wind waned with Danrin, but Kikaku was always good at it, and in the second collection of "Winter Day" and "Spring Day", that habit was a little left behind. This is.
[# Indent 3 characters from here]
Comes and decorates Nadeshiko on New Year's Day Tokoku Tsuboi
Drum "Tsuzumi" Hand direction "Tamu" Kuru Benkei "Benkei" Palace Nomizu "Easy"
[# End of indentation here]
And so on was an example. No matter where you look for the palace where Benkei was enshrined, people are confused because it is so eccentric. It's surprising to decorate the dianthus superbus on New Year's Day, but it's often called the fashionable New Year, and in some bad year, the custom of re-aging in general and then the next year is often repeated, and that day. However, knowing that most of them were in June | Sakuhi, it is no wonder that it was a little natural, with the fantasy that it would be decorated with dianthus superbus because it was June.
[# Indent 3 characters from here]
Attacking Ichiyo Ichiyo Kasane New Year is coming, Seifu Seifu
Nanji Sakura "Sakura" Yokaheri Kazuya Basho
[# End of indentation here]
The additional phrase "Tsukuku" had a similar taste. Then, when you think about the times when the crowd Nembutsu, such as Mannichi or Sennichi, was often seen, and this was also the time when such Buddhist affairs were frequent, the taste is well understood. It is a little famous that Basho often describes the life of the island-style drifter "Runin", but he also has Jokyo and Genroku's exchanges, especially Miyake. It is easy to imagine that it was an era when Miyake and Hachijo were used for punishment, and therefore it was exiled to Edo frequently.
[# 5 indentation] 10 [# "10" is the middle heading]
Although we still have a rough idea, I think that there are many lives in which young people gradually become unclear. If there is no other way to explain it, it is possible to notice it early and use it as a historical source. If you try to draw a few examples from things other than "Seven Parts",
[# Indent 3 characters from here]
The black color of the eel is also rare.
At the end of the festival, the number spear of the palace 《Kazuyari》 Sora 《Sora》
Traces of things that are so unique to children that you can see << after >> Basho
[# End of indentation here]
Because it is a festival in the countryside, the color of konjac is unusually black, which is the haiku. All the children who come to see the festival have traces of smallpox. It is said that this year was Oita | fashionable, but once the vaccination became widespread, it would be a sight that could not be imagined without this phrase, and the festival. At the end of the procession, there are many spear-bearers attached by the lord, and now there are those who correspond to the ceremonial soldiers, so the boy who came out to see it. The appearance of the girl is even more active.
[# Indent 3 characters from here]
In front of the small Jito, there is an average "Na", "I", "Hagi", "Susuki", "Sensha", and "Sensha".
The endless poor dance of "Heta" "Maimai"
[# End of indentation here]
The dance is a folk old-fashioned genre, which is similar to Echizen Kowaka, and it was used by a group of family members to make a living in Noh and Kabuki. I was pushed and died. It seems that it was long and boring from the beginning, but it seems that it was even worse in the days of Basho. Hagi awn is a holiday or something, and I think that the women wearing such dyed patterns used the phrase "fuzei" that many people are watching.
[# Indent 3 characters from here]
Yuhini roof | Thatched roof village is autumn Sora
A woman from Shizu draws tea from Kazusa Nebutsu, Basho.
[# End of indentation here]
This Yuhi is addressed to the kanji "hire". The custom of rural people helping each other to work is Yuhi, which is still a common dialect throughout the country, but only near Tokyo, the term is no longer used. It is known that there was still Yuhi in the Kanto region at that time, because the Kazusa Nembutsu group would not have existed in such a distant country.
[# Indent 3 characters from here]
Going home as an evening smoke tube "Kiseru"
The mud 《Doro》 smashing Saotome 《Saotome》 Zazare Basho
[# End of indentation here]
On the day of rice planting, even the daughters were excited and played a mischief by throwing mud seedlings etc. to those who often went on the road. We named it a celebration and a seedling celebration, and although there is a land in the distant country that was customary, the countryside in the middle of Kyoto and Edo, which the people of Shomon were familiar with. I didn't hear much about it in the early modern period. It becomes clear from this phrase that it was in Genroku.
[# Indent 3 characters from here]
The flowers are scattered and the paddy "fir" is also raised to the two leaves "Futaba".
Spring Tomohanu Fire Shop "Hiya" White Curtain "Shiromaku" Peach Carp "Touri"
Yau / \ and the cloud haze that hangs on the mountain pass, "Kumokasumi", "Freshwater", "Tansui"
[# End of indentation here]
A fire shop is a temporary hut set up in a crematorium, and there used to be a custom of setting a curtain so that it would not be exposed to the sun. It is also a surprisingly lonely reflection of the beautiful scenery of the spring, which is the scenery of falling flowers and the seedlings of Nawashiro. There is an article in the travelogue of Nikko during the Kansei era that I saw it near Imaichi, but all the people had already experienced the sad feeling.
[# Indent 3 characters from here]
Dew frost "Tsuyujimo" Kubo "Kubo" Horse blood that accumulates Storm snow "Ransetsu"
It should be said that both the shaven and the old "Hey".
Soil rice cake "mochi" Tsukuri Shinto ritual "Shinji" same
[# End of indentation here]
It seems that the pursuit of the husband was used for the role of husband by catching someone who had a way without him. Immediately after that, I immediately thought of the earthen rice cakes at the Owari Kokufumiya Kounomiya festival, where only the molds still remain, which is especially common among these people. Because it was known. It is an old tradition of the festival that one person bears a rice cake of earth and chases him to the point where he looks like a demon and falls down. No one wants to play the role, so a passerby It is also said that he was made to work by catching. And finally, one more thing, which is a famous phrase in "Nanabushu",
[# Indent 3 characters from here]
There is no money left 20,000 ｜ Both 《Ryo》
I also named Itoho Shikiko as another person
Burned and hard to see 《Kana》
[# End of indentation here]
Kikaku and Baiyue's Ryogin are based on the custom of naming their children other people because their parents are not confused, and this popular belief is now. However, there were still traces in the region, and in fact there were people named other people or Jiro other people among the celebrities. It seems that Sotokichi and Gaio are from the same motive. Many of the esoteric parts of Genroku's haiku that we read today are rather small, as they preserve a variety of interesting predecessor lives that we did not consider as mundane in ordinary records. Not only can we reveal the facts, but we can also see the sympathetic contemporaries' feelings toward them through some attention and comparison. Ancient literary arts provide unconsciously lively historical materials for the people of later generations. It is wrong that someone with a desire to explore culture did not welcome and use it.
[# 5 indentation] 11 [# "11" is the middle heading]
Of course, it's not an era when you should pick up the strangeness of a fragment that is a little "sa", and have a essay-style erudition, saying that there was a medicinal liquor of Vidro, and that there was a phrase that read the sleeping figure of a pig. .. You have to try to enjoy the pervasive people's life from the whole of this special literary art, but there are some circumstances at present, and it is still difficult to grasp the true meaning. As long as there is a phrase, it is necessary to pay attention to the formation of each detail as a preparation. I sometimes remember and hum a phrase that seems to be interesting for me and others to taste haiku, but I still can't swallow it clearly. In the meantime, I sometimes think of it. On the other hand, it has also been useful several times in considering various aspects of cultural history, so it is clear that some of the treatises published so far have not been noticed by haiku. There are not two or three things that have become. If you look at them side by side, it will be long, but for example, the appearance of the time when cotton "Momen" entered the farming village and replaced it with hemp clothing, and the livelihood of the widow "Kafu" living in the village changed drastically due to the improvement of farm equipment. In response to this, the so-called widow, a rice-handling device called "Inekokiki," became widespread, and a traveling woman, Mikotoka Utahioka, who has been a problem for a long time, is a region of things called "Utabikuni." The influence on the song and the spiritual power of the widows, Genja and Yamabushi, who were widowed on the ordinary people, are all about today's social situation. I often used Basho's literary arts to clarify the cause of the smoothing, and I became enthusiastic about the latter period as well as the early haiku that was regarded as similar to it. From the works of the followers, etc., I have not obtained anything that can be used as a reference. I think that the true value of this Masakaze ancestor is still not correctly recognized, and I am trying to investigate more deeply whether or not that assumption is true.
So, finally, I would like to set up a problem in the attempt and think about it with you, I do not know if it will be lost a little strangely, but when did the old people cried, which is what haiku says? Is it expressed to the extent? Extract this as a mere sample and use it for the experiment. Nowadays, not only is the amount of people crying less than it was 100 years ago, but the number of crying seeds or cases is also significantly reduced. It seems that this is not because we have become tight, but because, as you can see from the example of children, words that subtly express inner emotions have developed and become widespread. Today's people are tearful, and they abuse the phrase that the inner corners of their eyes get hot, but there are men who raise their voices with just a strange face. It's gone. Women still have something traditional, which is pitifully and beautifully recognized, but the so-called man crying is about to become the only name. In other words, such a simple passion was pre-processed and rarely appeared in ordinary people. It seems that a man was crying even if it wasn't a play at the time of haiku flowers. For example
[# Indent 3 characters from here]
The young party of the Western people "Wakato" Tsurue Kusamakura "Shado"
Once upon a time, a bastard cries for "banashi" Kyoroku "
Kinu / ″ \ wears the evening foil of the dance, Basho.
The moon of the eastern pursuit "Higashiote" is clear. Storm orchid "Ranran"
[# End of indentation here]
It seems that this association between Kyoroku and his teacher is a tribute to the old-fashioned atmosphere of a young boy who has already passed the spring of his prime. However, I cannot explain the details. next,
[# Indent 3 characters from here]
Enza Kasanuru on the dust of the board
Sudare door and cuffs << Sodeguchi >> The transition of the red sun 《Rito》
When you are all / \ Nadeshiko, Basho
Start crying and earthenware 《Kawarake》 Fulture weakness 《Koppou》
[# End of indentation here]
Explaining this in a little more detail, what is worrisome in this one is that the word forms of the conclusions of the second and fourth phrases are similar, and that the whole scene is a little flat, but the first part is still It seems that some of the beautiful princesses live in the big old palace "Furugoten", and it seems that you are looking at used picture scrolls. It has been lowered to the military record of the Warring States. The old vassal of the white-haired "Shiraga" remembers the old days and cries when he sees the adult appearance of the princess and the young. That's why I hate that the phrase of Yuho is a little too attached, but I'm deeply moved by the rugged old samurai's, especially when he's not good at things, and he can't drink the sake he received. The scene is well depicted. If it was made into a movie, it would have been a long-standing complaint. Thanks to the haiku, we can resonate with this old-fashioned emotion. In addition to this, there is another strange way of crying in "Nanabushu". It's in "Hisago",
[# Indent 3 characters from here]
Raw sea bream 《Ikidai》 Spring in the rising ura 《Chinseki》
There is no doctor in the wide area of ​​this village.
If you put the abacus, you will know what you are doing.
Passing through the uncertain world without getting bored.
The shark of sake that starts crying again is a person
Autumn evening "Yube" Zoda Hiroshi "Biro" Ki
Soba 《Soba》 Matsushiro in the body of the mountain 《How is it》 People
[# End of indentation here]
This crying funnel seems to be a resident from another place, but it is suspicious to the people of the village and modern people as to why they started crying. Yes, or maybe I couldn't explain it to him. But at least there was the fact that such a man cried. One more in the same collection,
[# Indent 3 characters from here]
Raise the moon flower with a shoya.
Boiled salted salt sawarabi Sawarabi angry who dosui
Even if it is attached in the coming spring, the capital "Miyako" will not be forgotten.
Half-hearted crying crying
A rough one of the sake "Izake" that goes to drink "Human" Sawagi Otokuni "Especially"
[# End of indentation here]
This rare man is the same person as the previous Shado Hamada, and he is only in the seat of the appendix that he cries strangely. Of course, "of course" it was neither a hobby nor a special understanding of this person, but until this time, a middle-aged person who was sometimes called a shin person or a madman, as he saw, was graceful. He was allowed to live a throwing life by being a hobby among the people. Their drunkenness may have been a phenomenon of psychopathology. However, at least Japan at that time did not yet have a way to express that complicated feeling in an appropriate language. As a result, liquor was ridiculously welcomed, not only deviating from the ancient usage of peaches, but also finally having sound language function and complaining that it was difficult to find any means of expression. Even those who had no anxiety went toward this narcotic unnecessarily, imitating people. We were born in a world where haiku was scarce or grew into a deformed shape like the present generation, and we, in particular, have improved and tidyed up our lives, making it the easiest for humans to bury. I cannot help but respect the wise business that tried to build a large monument for the so-called "Katasumi" emotions and the happiness and misery of the common people.
The taste of national literary arts is by no means the only one to say. I say that there is simply one such appreciation attitude. I would recommend this to a large number of other intellectuals, with the exception of a few who are willing to build themselves in the future.
[#New Page]
[# 3 indentation] Women's history [# "Women's history" is a big headline]
[# 5 indentation] 1 [# "1" is the middle heading]
There were two types of ideas for parents and seniors trying to educate women. One is trying to give the same scholarship as a man, and the other is trying to get out of the division of labor somehow, like me. is there. As so-called vocational education, limiting the types of studies for girls may be disadvantageous for women. This is because there are many cases in which an independent woman who is wondering if she will lose to a man cannot work, which imposes extra restrictions. However, if a woman is a member of the family, it is a loss for the house to find a job that even a woman can do in the dark and compete with a man. This is because in today's difficult employment era, that is, in a world where there are many people and few jobs, the result is that men and women cooperate to create unemployed people. From the hiring side, if you come and work, you may want to ask a cheap and patient woman, whether it's an electrician or a chimney sweep. Fortunately or unfortunately, women are still sluggish, so even if the wages are high, they use men, but if they have the same abilities, the unemployed may not be the specialty of men. In fact, as couples earn money together, many homes unknowingly lower the minimum wages of both parties and endure without having to. In this regard, it is actually better to support the clothing, food, and shelter of the couple's parents and children if one person works in the family, so the problem is that those who are just at home and receive the nourishment of their husband are around. I'm taking a nap, or pulling an iron bar to go around the neighborhood, and it comes down to the point of whether it's okay or bad to spend the day.
Occupation and training are actually two things today, and especially those who are not professions such as academics will contribute to the happiness of the world if they progress. On the other hand, young workers who currently live in the city want to study more in their leisure time if possible, and they are exhausted and cannot do it enough, rather they live in the inconvenient countryside. There are many young people who are envious of the so-called Haruko Ame reading. The purpose of the nation, which is trying to shorten the time they have to work for daily food and clothing, is mainly here. Therefore, the fact that women have less profession and is lighter is socially meaningless unless it results in directing their spare capacity to something more precious. While girls' education is flourishing as it is today, many of the so-called Mrs. Yuka can do, if not at all bad, already a disease of society. First of all, it can be inferred that the current education method is not good, or there is an opinion that it is better to have a profession if that is the case.
[# 5 indentation] Two [# "two" is the middle heading]
Of course, it is wrong to say that it is a pity for those who disregard the profession of girls or who are involved in it. However, what I think is strange is that everyone wants to find and send a situation for their daughter or sister that is as comfortable as possible and does not require them to work in the world. However, what about the education? In the unlikely event that the husband is sick, loses his job due to drinking, becomes a widow with a child, or the house is on the verge of bankruptcy. And in the olden days, when I had to do a widow service, I wanted to give and receive only education to prepare for it. There is a senryu in the early modern period that "the art is so unhappy that it helps oneself", but it can be said that this is still a surprising effect. I think it is necessary to reconsider that we are doing our best to educate people that they intend to do so from the beginning and that it would be better if they were completely useless. Since it is written in newspapers and magazines, it gives the impression that society is suffering from misery and misery, but in terms of percentage, in a family of 899, a woman calmly succumbs to a small affair. It seems that he is alive, forgetting what he was taught at school little by little. Whether it makes the world better or worse, it depends on the care of these people and how many of them live every day. It's a more common shame in the women's world that those who do things are wondering what to do in a quiet environment, rather than appearing occasionally and becoming a problem. think. It may be important to be prepared in some cases, but it must be a story after the usual role of the day has been prepared considerably.
Women's scholarship and feminine scholarship have tended to be thought of as food calorie calculations and child hygiene. It is also an essential part of life, but it is a technology. As I understand it, scholarship must not be limited to oneself, but must make society smarter than ever. In other words, it should be aimed at raising the level of human wisdom. Nowadays, it is just one of the changes in the world, and there is a conflict between old traditions and new thoughts, and there is a need to solve various life problems that we have never faced before tomorrow. There are many. Is it the role of a woman to just sit still and leave it to the men at all, or to see their hesitation and mistakes? One question is whether it is destined that a woman cannot take it from the hands of those who are exhausted from work, or at least imply a good idea, a new perspective. Here is the point to reconsider the wise pioneer. As you know, the issue of women's suffrage is a little down now, but it will soon happen again. Whether today's women, and their educational methods, are prepared to participate in national politics and provide social service that only women can do. That is very worrisome to me.
The same is true for universal suffrage for men, and the theory that women should be worried about national affairs is, in theory, no one rejects it. However, there are only those who oppose it, saying that the time is still early and that the procedure is bad. The realization is decided by the politics of the time. Tomorrow may be the day to try it. Is there any effect of trying this? Or when it comes to being ready for that, it naturally becomes another matter. In the same way as the man's precedent, we tried to make universal suffrage, but we both said that we would not fall into the embarrassing result as a country, as if there was no particular change. I have to be vigilant from now on. The current politics is too original, and the actual problems have increased dramatically. A new big incident was born that was out of the hands of old-fashioned politicians, and things that could not be ignored began to be omitted. Then it became clear that the general knowledge of the people was still insufficient for the materials to solve the problem. No matter what we do, there is certainly a reason why we must move our scholarship one step further. Not only boys but also women are desperate for this, but I don't think it's an era when women are just looking at this and saying that because of it.
[# 5 indentation] Three [# "three" is the middle heading]
It cannot be asserted that history will solve all the difficult problems. However, the fact that there is no explanation for what is unclear always has a hidden cause, and all the causes are always before now. In other words, it is a volume of history that has not yet been written. It goes without saying that women can find it, but in fact, thanks to their indifference to this area, many important implications are likely to remain, especially at their fingertips. Therefore, if you try to search for it with the delicate attention that you have, you may find it a lot. However, I am disappointed when I just study, read a book, and try to teach it. This is because most of the books are in the hands of men, and they only write about the point where they go. I'm such a man, so what he says can only be used as a reference, but there is no other organization that is as complicated as the world created by humans. Even if you say that the facts are clear, if you take a closer look, there are many cases where the unexpected cause is pulling a string from the back. At least in our current human knowledge, there are many things that only one end of the problem, Aya, can be solved. Of course, "Of course" I can't be optimistic that I'll get good results right away, but anyway, the women who have a little extra power in Japan gain more knowledge and more world by their weekday mindset. I think that advancing this practical history with the goal of being able to interpret the problems of Japan, especially the modern questions of Japan, is one way that is useful to society.
It's a painful story to draw an example, but in the midst of the sudden increase in parent-child hearts over the past 45 years, when a mother abandons the world, a toddler who is still unknown to the east and west Before trying to prevent the tragedy from the front, the customs and rituals that go on in a row, I wonder why there are so many deaths in Japan, especially in Japan. Even if it is impossible, I have to ask. Unless that is the case, you can just sigh and there is no expectation that it will stop. It is not said that there is no kind of infection, but there is no other sense of solidarity in the house, that is, there is no place to love orphans except for my small house, and the bad luck of parents is the child. Is this based on the idea that you also have to understand? Or is the life and soul of the little one still continuing the previous denial of independence that they thought belonged to the house? However, does the special belief in the happiness of life and the afterlife still remain unconsciously? Anyway, it cannot be said that various old-fashioned ways of thinking have never led to such a cruel determination by intermingling with new false feelings. What's more, the negative daring that lies at the bottom of those psychological phenomena, or the courage of a woman, is subject to moral restrictions since the Edo period, which was based on obedience and non-resistance, other than just one "life." The fact that there was nothing left to be entrusted to the free disposal may have instructed such a ruthless course. If this speculation is correct, the evidence must be found in history. If you do not abandon it as a mere imaginary theory, but search for it with that intention, it will surely become clear whether it is a lie or true. The discipline of old houses has long had an incomprehensible policy of revealing the courage and courage of girls only in the direction of death. Unless mortal misery occurs at home, the name of the relentless woman has no chance to appear in the world, and therefore the majority of the predecessor women who model it are lying on the sword. .. The result of inheriting such an old textbook without even thinking about it may lead the unthinking person to this place. If so, it was the most regrettable abuse of a woman's courage. If you can't conclude that yet, boys should definitely participate in it, explore the roots more deeply, and finally, if you decide to go to the extreme, read the book on ethics education. I have to rebuild.
[# 5 indentation] 4 [# "4" is the middle heading]
This is a fairly big and difficult problem, and it may not be possible to get a solid answer from the beginning, but at least only those who realize that there are unexpected restraints in long-standing customs. I think I can gradually think of this correctly. One way to do this is to start observing with smaller everyday problems, with some training, and I can still submit any number of such problems. To give one example, I feel that the constitution and morale of the Japanese people are still inferior to those of many ethnic groups. Is that fact really old-fashioned, that is, one of the characteristics of the Japanese people? However, did this happen again in the early modern period? That is the problem at hand. Old records occasionally mention the height of a great man and often mention that he is a little boy, but it is not certain how normal it was. Looking at the long, dragging armor of the magnificent large helmet used by the medieval warriors, it seems that many of them were much better than they are now. Anyway, there are enough records only for strength and strength, and there are also unrecorded trails. The chikaraishi, which the young people of the village tried to carry on for the comfort of the holidays, and the banbuchi and guard stones in the Hokuriku region, are surprisingly large, and now they are. The number of people who can raise it is gradually decreasing. It's about time, so if you ask, you'll probably know right away. In other words, there were many people who were stronger than before. The energy and courage of the old people, which the old people often say in the second word, "Futame," was often the confidence of this strength. Before another, power was faith. He believed that he would be bestowed on God, and that it was a divine intention to be transmitted from his parents to his offspring, and he said that the muscles of power would be transmitted to the woman and go to another house. Also, there were many people who were originally outstanding in terms of eyeglasses, the ability to look far away, the ability to stare at things and dent the other person, but now I read small books. And that power quickly diminished, with half of the urban youth wearing glasses. Fast-paced and edible food were also the strengths of old people. It is physical strength that you can eat a lot at once and work without eating for two or three days, and it is a trick that you can not do with mere patience. I think there is still a little left, but even if the person who didn't sleep on his own the night before did not seem to be tired from working calmly the next day, and even if he got sick or injured. , The self-healing power that heals quickly without any weakening, all of them have retreated terribly in the early modern period. It's probably closely related to the changes in everyday life today, but I don't know if anyone is thinking about this from the perspective of physiology, first of all, it's as big as I think. Many people are unaware that there has been a retreat and a change.
Everyone knows the transition of food, clothing and shelter in the very near future, but perhaps how many people have changed over a long period of time and gradually from the previous era. I haven't even thought about Pito yet. This is a little mentioned in a book called "Sansei Roku", but it becomes even better if you compare the facts of Japan today. The way of life of a commoner does not change clearly at once like the history of politics. Depending on the land, some parts may advance faster, and other parts may proceed later in sequence. Therefore, even in an era when new culture has become widespread as it is today, each stage of transition appears when we compare the different living conditions of those people. For example, at my home, an event that was stopped only while my parents were there is still being continued by relatives in the neighboring village. If you go to the countryside a little further back, you will find that the food and kimono that you hear only in the stories of our elderly people are still used in many cases, and the comparison is even more widespread. Hiro >> If you go ahead, you can see that the path that has changed one after another in Japanese life is fairly clearly traced, and that the change never started suddenly in the Meiji and Taisho eras. is there.
To state it one by one is time | crushing, and it is better to know it by yourself, but in general, Japanese food etc. are softer and softer after entering the early modern period. It is becoming sweeter, warmer and more juicy. It is unlikely that these four changes had no effect on gastrointestinal function and dental health. Among them, dentists first appeared in the early modern period, and it was only 20 to 30 years ago that the golden teeth shined brightly, but before that, even men and women in the prime were all toothless and crisp. Not really. It is true that the teeth of middle-aged people fell and weakened quickly as they got older, but there are surprisingly many stories about the kind of teeth of middle-aged people who bite and broke things. It is transmitted. If, based on the transition of cooking methods, the number of people with weak teeth has increased, the cause must be corrected anyway, but the first thing to check is that. There is no one to examine the modern history of food. Actually, these problems are not suitable for men, so even though it is not a difficult business to investigate, I have almost abandoned it. Unless a lady is involved, I don't think this direction will be clear for the time being. Even though our living technology has advanced, the changes are not always improving. In some cases, without knowing the side effects of the hidden harmful effects, or without considering the whole result, they started to do something wrong by imitation or fashion. It seems that there is no point in saying that nowadays, but at least for this reason, society sometimes makes mistakes and regrets like each individual. With that in mind, the future will be a little more cautious. The most important lesson in history was really here. It is not limited to men's affairs like politics and war, but food is a daily life, and it has a great influence on the happiness and unhappiness of life. I think that the effects of learning are endless, even if it is just for future reference.
[# 5 indentation] 5 [# "5" is the middle heading]
The same thing can be thought about in the second stage, the transition of clothing. It was a big incident more than gold teeth that people became extremely easy to catch the wind in the early modern period. It's easy to see from the word cold that cold was previously thought to be one of the epidemics, or the cause of an invisible evil spirit. In other words, it was not a normal illness as it is now, so it seems that this transition is related to clothing. As for how our clothes have changed, they are also softer, and the threads are finer and the eyes are finer. I once thought about this point a little in the sentence "Before cotton". There is a difference in the fineness of the hemp thread, but since it was originally a handicraft, the kimono of the ordinary person "Jojin" had a thick thread and a strong cloth, and it was stretched. There were many small triangular spaces between the surface of the round human body. Contrary to Europe, Japan is a rare summer-wet country, and its inhabitants are also terrifyingly sweaty. Sweat is likely to dissipate and come out to cool, and fans are also used to expel the water vapor from underneath the kimono. In the days when he was wearing hemp and swords, the fan quickly evaporated without using it, but it became cotton, which made it almost impossible. That's why my skin is always wet in the summer.
The reason why I decided to wear such cotton etc. again is that it has a better appearance in the first place. The word "kigokoro" became popular as a result. It is said in old records that cotton was washed ashore with seeds by the Kunlun people at the very beginning of the Heian period, but there is no evidence that it was actually popular. Only imported goods have been prized for a long time, and it was about 200 years ago that they were actively produced in Japan, and it was only generalized in the Meiji era. Its characteristic is that it can be dyed well in any color, and even if it is a bright dyed pattern or stripes that cannot be done with hemp, the product can be freely improved by successive work. The distance is close to silk and the texture is soft, and what made the woman happy was the beauty of the costume ring. The way of gesturing that the mind is immediately exposed to the outside is hidden by hemp, but it is well expressed by cotton. The woman became beautiful both crying and laughing. Basho's era was just the beginning of the cotton epidemic, and the phrase "red ukon dyed with a gentle work" or "the rat color of dyed cotton 袷" momen "" is often said to be "seven." It can be seen in the haiku of the club.
Another thing, this is a slightly ironic view, but hemp clothes are a little too long to hold. In the photo taken by a friend from Niijima, Izu, he is wearing a plain indigo sword, Katabira, which was made by an old woman of 723 when she was married. On the contrary, cotton gets worse quickly, so if it gets cheaper (in fact, it gets cheaper again), you can replace it one after another and enjoy the hobby of change. There is a developed cause of striped weave and so-called medium-sized "chugata" here, so the problem of being flashy or clinging according to age is often replaced with "hinpin", so it is finally finer. Eventually, I had no choice but to ask for factory items that I couldn't do with my own hands. Even when the ground machine "Jibata" was left at home, many people wore at least Kaimomen in the summer. Still, the men still scared the glue on the laundry, trying to keep it a little hemp-like feel and an evaporation area, but the women weren't happy with it. Not only was the machine made and the thread became extremely thin, but the man later made a stuffed collar, such as Ogura Ori's Kokuraori, into a tight collar. Wearing it makes you sweaty and wants to get naked again soon. There seems to be a relationship between the water-containing properties of this cotton thread and the resistance of the skin.
[# 5 indentation] 6 [# "6" is the middle heading]
One sad failure experienced by the Europeans has already been approved on the Pacific islands. Since the cheesecloth, which you can see in the Philippine women's kimono, has been performed, the physical strength of the natives has been considerably weakened. Many evangelists in this area are British, but even non-British people in this position are solid. Since summer is dry in their home country, we forgot about the fan wearing the garment on a hot day of 356 degrees Celsius. Many countries have no chance to see naked people. There were many who said that women didn't even show them to their husbands. Therefore, he hated the naked body very much, and the pastor's wives took the initiative to put on this lawn cloth. It's rather a pleasure for the natives, and nowadays this wind is common on so many islands, but one problem is that they put it on and take it off. I can't get used to doing it. For example, even if the rain falls and gets soaked, it still lays down and tries to dry, just like when it was naked. The cause was that many people died of acute pneumonia due to the epidemic of the Spanish flu in 1899, and sometimes some of the burakumin were uprooted. A white investigator admits that it is ridiculous. Even in Japan, the Army once investigated the relationship between beriberi and white rice food, and it seems that it was the stimulus for today's vitamin research, but the cotton on the right is finer. Thread | Ayaori Since the epidemic of Ayaori is new, no one has yet paid close attention to the relationship between beriberi and respiratory illness. Your summer clothes are getting worn out, and worried people like me are breathing, but in reality, the problem of shoes still remains. Of course, there is a dislike of haste, of course, to always link these with the superiority and inferiority of health. But at least our attention must go this far. The transition of the two, that is, the type of clothing and food and national health, has changed at least in parallel, so anyway, it was criticized and examined whether the past life improvement was correct or incorrect. 》 It can be said that it should be done. Considering the results of what people did, there were times when it wasn't a good thing. You must be familiar with it before you can take responsibility for new improvements. Even if you think of a person like me who has nothing to do with Home Economics, there are many things that you will notice. Even more so, if people with meticulous attention and sympathy look for it, how many things will appear in the future that will not be subject to obedience anymore, despite the unfortunate things that have given up since ancient times and have always been in life? I don't know. Of course, I wouldn't say such an unreasonable thing, such as trying to bite only dry food "strings" and going to school naked in the summer. Even if you say "return" to the book "original", the culture is complex. It is well known that only a certain part can be cut off and it cannot be used before cotton. However, I say that there is a lot of history that must be known in advance for social measures from the beginning, and it is still left in the wilderness today.
[# 5 indentation] Seven [# "Seven" is the middle heading]
The big political problem always comes down to the story of poverty. The cause of poverty is extremely complex, and many people are already trying to bring the underlying law to the forefront. Even if it is unquestionable, it seems unlikely that poverty can be extinct by removing only one cause, which is still unknown to the world. Because it has a history of. Since the beginning of the Meiji era, Japan's population has more than doubled in less than 70 years. Even before that, the increase was not so remarkable, and even if there was a big natural disaster or war, people are still growing little by little. It seems that this was not the case, though it seems a little, as if the people had prospered as a whole because this total number did not decrease. In other words, only the prosperous houses grow and grow, and the declining houses suddenly perish. The rise and fall of the house was fierce, and today there were many rich and poor people who were descendants of one of the survivors, and there were many extinct families. I can imagine. As for the cause, there are many things that have no means to hear this now, but it turns out that we will try to find out what is in the memory of the elderly, for example, in the near future. Eventually, a more comprehensive method may be found, but for the time being, there is no choice but to imagine the one before that based on the policy. It remains as if it were untouched today. I was thinking of trying it out, but I just touched one end and it became difficult to continue.
According to the slight experiment, it seems that the vitality of the house was much weaker in the past than it is now, contrary to the physical constitution and health of the individual. Once hurt or stumbled, for example, if the master dies, becomes sick, or runs away from home, the flaws will not recover easily and will eventually cause the family to die. Seems to have been much more prominent than it is today. The previous year | As I noticed when I looked up the past book of a mountain village in Soshu, the deaths of the same family have continued well for three years and five years. Probably because the nutritional power was monotonous, it seems that it gradually becomes scarce as the number of workers decreases. The trace of the tidal bore on the Tohoku coast in 1897 was also a good example. Kankakodoku is supported by his peers in the usual years, but when something unusual happens, he is first swept away by those with weak resistance. There were quite a few people in poor families who had difficulty getting a spouse, even during peacetime. That is the so-called "Tanewoji", a single worker who never goes out. There may be descendants in reality, but even if they die, they will not celebrate or remember them. In other words, as a house, it will end. In opposition to production organizations such as this occupational bee system, a new branch system was the branch system. In contrast to the old Komaebunke, there is also a place called Shintaku, which is a new house. In other words, by creating another house that is almost the same as the original house, the wind of this new house in Murauchi first occurred in the early modern period. In other words, it was the only surplus power for the prosperity of the village. Other than that, the system of Irimuko and Nyufu, who is a husband, finds a house where only women can be found, and distributes the extra Wonji to it. One of the important roles of the village officials was to search for such a man's hand shortage, reduce the number of houses that would die, and prevent the number of houses in the village from declining. However, generally speaking, it is difficult to always hope for such external reinforcement due to differences in status and family style, and gradually the house of a woman and a widow who is not suitable for paddy field management. Has increased. On the other hand, only the houses that have accumulated resources will open a majestic branch house if there is a rice field, build a store if the town is near, and give a talented child to train a doctor monk or apply for a samurai family. Alternatively, he gave him a shikigin and had a merchant in the city take over the stock. All of these conditions are increasing now, as only those who do not have them have been appointed to other villages or have been patience with their husbands at older widow's place. The doorway is largely the end of a modern champion, and although it is a very sad fact, it seems that the descendants of the past losers have hardly survived.
Of course, it is not a phenomenon limited to Japan. Perhaps it is not the only law that governs human society. Poverty has begun to become a new problem for us, as it were, the weakness of the house, a sign that it is beginning to be as alert as the health of the individual. It's a result of not thinking that it's okay if each other thinks only about their own survival. It is progress that we go into the root of this problem and consider the external conditions that support the vitality of the home, which is not noticeable just by looking at the total increase or decrease in statistics. That is. Our prosperity must be general. If someone doesn't starve and freeze in one corner, they won't be able to live in peace. As soon as they are subdued, a second injustice will surely be invented. Many of the various measures currently being submitted are tests and there is a risk of failure, and the ones that seem to be perfect are generally mild, but in the meantime, effective methods will be introduced one after another. I think you will find it. However, it is necessary to confirm as many causes as possible that have not yet been clarified. The practical prospect of history is very important here, and the detailed daily attention of women is finally turned into the benefit of humanity, that is, the only thing in social home economics. There is also a possibility here. The word cultural criticism resonates with everyone because of its good sound, but what has been done to this day is mainly deductive. At the same time, I think we must create an opportunity to reflect on each and every problem from the other side, the poorness of our lives and the unwiseness in the long run. I can't help but feel itchy that your scholarship is slowing down, knowing that clothing, food and other daily consumer life was never too small a problem. It is not.
[# 5 indentation] Eight [# "eight" is the middle heading]
The issue of women and history can be considered from roughly three directions. First, the significance and effectiveness of women's involvement in this research. I have already explained it before, but as long as I try it, I will not only read books written by people and listen to the theory that a man gives a lecture, but also discover points that have not been noticed by the students so far. Must be a goal. That is, research independence. Secondly, it is desirable, but the question is whether women can do it. This is not necessarily the reason why a rude person is overlooked, but whether or not a woman has such a spare capacity, which is not necessarily the reason why her qualities are not suitable. "Women have something else to do." These words are often spoken by your seniors. Of course there must be, but what the heck is that? In order to answer the question, I think it is necessary to continue to recognize the third and most interesting observation point, that is, the position of women in the predecessor society. Such problems cannot be solved by so-called "I will read", waiting for the results of outsiders. In fact, it was after being misled so far for that reason. There is no choice but to think and judge for yourself again.
From my point of view, one important point was overlooked in the past. In a nutshell, I don't realize that there have been two different positions for women since ancient times. When you think about it, everyone immediately notices it, but it was buried for some reason. It is that women who were graceful, kind and very cheerful when they were young become noisy and tight when they get older. There was also Senryu, who said, "The speed at which a bride becomes a mother-in-law," and the representative of the latter was the conceptual "mother-in-law." Mother-in-law was a major figure in Edo period literature, and since literature is usually read by young women, many mother-in-law are ill-mannered. In the literary arts of China, it is even more strongly expressed. The word "not" is the main material of the joke, and there is also a mysterious phrase "chochuseppo" in the book, which is a joke that coincides with the English curtain lecture. There was a whip in their hands. If you make a mistake, even the host will be hit. The scary old wife, who used to be a beautiful girl who beat Raki, was the end of her life. However, not only in the Republic of China, but in the traditions of any country, housewives were granted some power. Considering the times when the patriarch went out into the field, hunted, fought and traded across the sea, it was even more natural than the cultivation of women, and its power dates back to the old days. It can be imagined that it was so strong, but now it is recognized as necessary to a certain extent. In the West, it is called Matron or Matronry. In Japanese ancient language, it was sword self. Rarely, some swordsmen do not get married like the swordsmen of the inner samurai, and the true meaning of the word simply means an independent woman, that is, a word for a man's sword. It seems that it was, but the usual usage was limited to the housewife himself, that is, the housewife nowadays. Even now, the word "I" is used in the islands of Okinawa Prefecture, where the word "Tsumamoto" is also used as "Tujim Tumi" or "Tuji Kamiyun". In other regions, it only exists as a literary language, and various alternative words have been born for practical use. Among them, the ones that are a little old-fashioned are Gozen or Goze, and in southern Kyushu, the bride is generally called Gozenke or Gozenke. Gozen may also be called Omahe, or this one may be one older. After all, the bride-in-law is also called Omyatori or Omeyamotsu in Kumamoto Prefecture and elsewhere. If you write it in kanji, you can see that it was a symmetric honorific word. For other prefectures, especially in eastern Japan, Okata is also a housewife, and it is not a new name. In the used records, the mother and wife of the samurai family, such as the old man of Takauji Ashikaga, are generally referred to as "Okatado". Perhaps it is a large crown on Okata, and even if it is a word brought by a rural samurai from his hometown, it is not different from the Kyoto words such as "kata" in the north and "tai" in the east. There is no doubt that it happened as "Okata", which is almost the same as "in front" of you, and was a title. In other words, it seems that the husband called it that way for the first time, but the child gradually imitated his father's words, and various names of the Kakasama and Kaachan families began. The reason why people call someone else's wife an okaka or an okaa is that Kaka is by no means a corruption of Haha, because he imitated this sloppy sound again.
[# 5 indentation] Nine [# "nine" is the middle heading]
The position of this okaka or sword self was customarily well-established. It had a mission, authority, and respect that was commensurate with it. The future of all young girls, that is, the goal, or in more exaggerated terms, the purpose of training women, is that every young man takes the position of patriarch. It is the same that I made an effort with the goal of. This is because in the past, a family was much larger than it is now, and even if both women and men worked for the rest of their lives, it was not certain that they could all become masters and housewives. And the role of the sword itself may have been heavier than today's Good Wife, Wise Mother. I try to think of it as an ordinary Japanese house, but before that, I would like to say that it and my wife, Sakaime, a candidate for Okata, are vaguely vague. That's what I've done. It seems that this is based on the change in the marriage system due to the general economic situation, specifically, the spread of the marriage custom that is being practiced today. Today's marriage is a form in which as soon as the marriage is established, the bride is sent immediately even though the current Okata reigns properly in the other party's house. As a result, he gave birth to a wife who was not a swordsman, a member of the family who had to be called Anesama or Annee rather than Okata. Rather, the mediocre modern family tragedy all came from it. Not only did the struggle for power have to establish a new moral law to prevent it, but it also added something that was not in the past, generally on the temperament of women.
[# 5 indentation] 10 [# "10" is the middle heading]
There are various efforts to avoid this trouble. One of them is retreat. As the eldest son gets married, the parents give the house to a younger person, and the wind that separates with the second son and younger is on the islands of Izu and on the coast of Kyushu, and this is in the same line. There are also places where it seems that it was one of the causes of the branch family. On the contrary, the custom of setting up a small house near the head family "Honke" and putting a new couple there for the time being is a little practiced in recent urban life, but in fishing villages around Nagasaki city etc. It is not a new invention because there are some. Shinshu | Lake Suwa "Suwako" is currently being investigated by two people, "Mokka" Nakagawa and Shioda, but the procedure is exactly the same, just "just" the last youngest child "Bashi". The difference is that he stayed at home and inherited the house as it was. I can't say for sure until I've completely investigated it, but because of the custom of inheriting the youngest child, the younger brother and his wife didn't go out, and the youngest child naturally became the head family because the two parents and children couldn't live together. I'm wondering if it was supposed to remain in the house. In many cases, parents could not leave immediately with the marriage of the second generation, so there was no choice but to have a marriage house, that is, a method of temporary separation. In an era when many people were free to move their homes, I think it would be possible for new cases such as Suwa, which had become a complete separation, to occur.
The name of this marriage house is also in the old record of Samhan, but what was done in Japan is the house of Muko, as in the previous example of Nagasaki | Mogiura. Not many are subordinate to. In other styles, there was what could be called a village common marriage house. Until the two young men entered the house and inherited the status of the housewife's husband, they came to stay here at night. What seems to be an older form than that is that the marriage house is attached to the bride's house. It is still practiced in many lands, including the western islands of Bitchū and the upper seven islands of Iyo. In other words, until the bride enters Muko's house and becomes a complete housewife, half of her is a family member of the wife's house. It sounds strange to say that it is half, but during the daytime, Hirunaka works in the fields of his own house and Ajiro, and sends only the rest time to his wife's house. Of course, the relationship between the two is officially recognized by both parents, and it is also possible to prepare tableware for the bride and nightwear for the bride.
The fact that this was a marriage method that was also carried out during the upper reaches of Kyoto before the Middle Ages is clearly shown not only in "Genji Monogatari" and other literature, but also in the diary of successive officials "Kuge". I can see it well. A diary that states that it was a rare practice to have a daughter-in-law taken over by her husband's house at the same time as her marriage was found in the Kamakura period. In other words, "Koshimuka" means that you will have to do "Soban" sooner or later, but that was when a new housewife was appointed to the man's house, and before that. Even though the child was born, the wife was still at home. It is a common practice until just around the corner on the island of Izu, and even if the wedding ceremony is held at the husband's house, the bride will go to the village after the ceremony. Then, he comes only in the morning every day to draw water, collect firewood, and bring one load at a time. I hear that this condition sometimes lasted for three years. In other words, except for water and firewood in the morning, he was using Satokata. It seems that the island is mostly left with old ware, and whether it is Tsushima or Tanegashima, the bride usually wears it on the day of her first footsteps. There are many talks about coming in. Then, on the day of the funeral of the mother-in-law, Shutoshutome, when she first dressed up for the first generation, it was also called here, so-called Izu Oshima. That is, this day was the inauguration ceremony of the housewife. The islands weren't the only land where I didn't bring any luggage to my first step, and all of them were left at my parents' house, and I brought them all over the course of five years and seven years. Instead, in a rigid old-fashioned house, the bride was not allowed to enter the dozo, which is also found in Takashima-gun, Omi. In other words, the fact that a wife enters her husband's house and the establishment of a marriage were completely different in the past, but it is illegal for a marriage to not hold a big feast when the bride is transferred later. It was supposed to be thought of as a thing, and if it was such a thing, it must be said that there was no marriage of this style in the past.
[# 5 indentation] 11 [# "11" is the middle heading]
Even the old people's gratitude, such as marriage, has changed unknowingly. There are at least two possible causes. One was the start of our so-called distant marriage and marriage with the outside of the village, which required improved traffic. It started in the upper reaches of the samurai family, and later, even ordinary houses became less than enough to marry in the Buraku area alone. When that happens, first of all, husbands often cannot come to their wives' homes. It is difficult for me to come back again if my wife goes. So I swept it out with a broom, lit a bonfire at the gate, sent my daughter out like a funeral, and went out crying. However, another cause, which is much larger than that, is that the daughter's labor is no longer addressed to the broom. In the land where women often work, parents are reluctant to send their identities to Satoshi's house. That is why the old form of marriage still remains in coastal villages, and it was an important labor force in the village that could not be replaced with future housewife rights. If you need it and want to take it with you as soon as possible, you will have to pay for the property that your daughter will work for and put it in the house for two or three years. There is also a place on the island of Kitakyushu that is sent with Nou. Neighboring country | Contrary to the meaning that the bride price in China is to compensate for the child support up to now, this one got what is needed from the beginning. Instead of going. It's terrible to see this as human trafficking in either case, but it made sense to make up for what the house lost anyway. Therefore, even if you put it at home, there is no need to make it special, but if the main thing is to secure your future position, if you take it as soon as possible, you will be in a hurry to enter from Satokata. .. It wasn't a great honor for a young woman. In other words, it meant that eating at home was not particularly useful. Even if you receive it, there will be people who shake the throne to the place where the current housewife is working as a master, so it is said that you are happy, but on the other hand you are not worried. .. Besides, there was a big difference in the style of the house depending on the house. This wasn't the case before, but as the profession differentiated, new missions, such as retailers, were largely attributed to boys, visibly killing women's powers, and masters. From a standpoint, you can have a house where you leave the work to your wife. In villages where daytime fishing is popular, such as the coast of Hyuga, the owner finally takes care of him, and his wife keeps his seal and goes out to the office. Many of the samurai belonged to this person, and I think that the office work of the house was done by a woman, but there was a big difference between the houses depending on the spirit of the master and the example of the predecessor. Moreover, the daughter generally knows only what she has learned in her own home and does not know what the others are like. This is a concrete kind of so-called "I" family style, and although the bride came from a house with a badly different family style, the misfortune was not the same. The ones who were often told to return because they didn't fit the family style were usually the daughters who emulated the village mother's very good cutting and turning, and decided at her own discretion or talked about unnecessary problems. Try to. The humble house's mother-in-law was terribly concerned about it. But for the most part, the bride in the future made concessions and patience. Therefore, when it comes to long-lived ancestry, a woman lives half of her life in a literally female muscular body, becoming hysterical and having a strange view of society. The training that minimizes this misfortune, the so-called life of a woman who moves from Anesama to Okata, is not so easy to come up with a perfect education plan. At first, it's easy to prepare a daughter to be a woman who is so quiet that she can turn it over for half a day, and later she becomes aware of the inside and outside of the family. Not. On top of that, the qualifications required to select a spouse required a separate attitude and expression. It is difficult to give such elaborate education consciously. So many were haphazard training, and the painful experience of the bride's era, perhaps, made her just fit for the period of life. Frankly speaking, chasteness and incompetence have also come to have something similar.
[# 5 indentation] 12 [# "12" is the middle heading]
Society's plan to keep women from working as much as possible continues to this day. The motive is rather affectionate, but there are many laws and regulations that collectively protect women and children. I couldn't stand to see them struggling with jobs that men could easily do. In fact, until the recent sports epidemic, women were preferred in the town to be pretty and weak. The word kahaii is also used to mean pity, with a slight change, and it also means "small" as it is. In local dialects, Megui and Menkoi and Mugoi, or Muzoi and Mujokenai and Muzoya, are both differentiated from one word and include both love and sorrow. It goes without saying that modern, vigorous young women should rebel against such treatment, but even if they go back just a hundred years ago, local women, especially swordsmen, are bound. We never expected such a prank. Some lands still clearly do not approve that women are weaker than men. Farmers such as Tosa have heard that even in recent marriages, they welcome women who are more physique than their appearance. There are many such examples in other countryside, and I admit that there are jobs that are suitable for women and jobs that are not suitable for women, but this is different because it is also for men. not enough. However, new labor is usually designed for men, so it is noticeable when women are involved in it, but sometimes women participate. For example, in Tokyo, until 20 years ago, when the daughters of Meguro and Shibuya also became work clothes, they came into the city with the support of the fertilizer car Koeguruma. Today, the stray work is gradually disappearing, and I sometimes see the work of a woman who happens to take a walk in the suburbs and think that the walk is shameful. But it's just a residue. Originally much more common than it was, the trend in the early modern period is to take it out of the hands of a woman and put it in the hands of a man every time a production begins. I think this point is suitable for the exercises that you can see while paying attention to the basics of your historical research.
The work between the mountains and the sea was mainly done by men long ago, but there was also the role of women in it. For example, it was the case of picking mushrooms and picking greens, but when greens were no longer picked and fungi were replaced by cultivation, all so-called Nava teachers became men. In "Manyoshu", there is a song called "Tamamo", "Ka", "Otome", and "Otome". It was dried and put into rice fields and fields as fertilizer. Even if it was a very simple device, when he started to use the two-pronged "Futamata" stick in a small boat, he left it to the man again and the woman withdrew. Ama's ama is a venerable labor, but the number of divers is increasing. In terms of agriculture, even before the start of horse-cultivating boustrophedon, when a large magha was used for puddling, it was all men who manipulated it. There used to be a woman who appeared in the city "Ichi" called "Hisame". Since women come and go on a day trip and sleep at home, when a peddler goes to an area for more than a day, the cow and horse caravans are all men. After that, there was a time when a traveling priest named Koya Hijiri participated in the sale and purchase farther away. Koya Hijiri is also known as "Gofuku Hijiri", and in the town of Kimono in Edo, it is said that this Kimono Holy was opened, according to the book "Keicho Kenmonshu". Anyway, the town was made up of men, and when the woman came out there, there was no use for it anymore, so I had to work at home unless I was an unhappy woman.
[# 5 indentation] 13 [# "13" is the middle heading]
The role of the woman was declining not only in the production business, which was negotiated with the outside alone, but also in the production for direct consumption in the house. For example, Tsukime was originally involved in the work of turning rice from rice husks. You can also sing a song with three pestle, squeeze the rice on the day of the ceremony, and then beat it into powder. , It was their work. Even though the flour was later ground a stone mill, it was still a woman's labor, but the rice pestle turned into a large horizontal pestle. And, even before the water wheel, it was already left to the man, and because of the action that only the mortar song "turns", it still remains as a little girl's hand pestle "Temari Uta". There are innumerable things that can be said in a food house other than rice, and the sword's own oral tradition and ingenuity were shining on it. As you can see in Goldsmith's poem "Kousonkou", the old family had a good reputation for their unique delicious pickles. It is modern culture that has made it a mediocre grocery store product. Even more remarkable changes were clothing, and now I just go to the museum to see the handset and the stringer. The same is true for Europe, where women make rumors by taking pictures and seeing them in pictures, but all of them are recent industries. What is not the product of the revolution is that in Japan and elsewhere, when cotton "momen" came in, there was already a drastic change. Cotton can only be made in warm land in Japan. The Kanto region was probably the northern limit. That is, only one-third of the northeastern corner was transporting cotton or buying used cotton. In the region where cotton is cultivated in the central part, it was a woman's job to pick cotton peaches, and she had small cotton gin in her house, but she was still a man's craftsman. was there. They were traveling from village to village with a large bow that struck cotton. At a well-working house, women wrapped the cotton shavings struck by the expert around a tube called Shinomaki to make yorico. Yoriko also had a land called cotton candy, which was also called Jinki in the upper part. In the land where cotton is not cultivated, this yorik was bought and spun the thread of each niece. After that, even after making threads, navy blue cannot be hand-dyed, so it was time to have Konya, a profession that had been steadily dyed at that time, dye it by customizing it, and to set up a machine. For the first time, I moved to the work of a woman. In Tohoku, a custom called replacement cotton was born, in which weaving was brought to a store and replaced with yarn or YORIKO, and women have already begun to work for others with the slight difference. Anyway, from around this time, all cotton clothes were no longer under the jurisdiction of women.
On the contrary, hemp was completely handmade. The family industry began on the day of hemp, and everything else to sell was produced by women. When I saw an old song, "If you wear hemp, you can wear hemp on the mountain of the country of the nostalgic period, hemp | Ma Kuwagimo", you can burn the mountain and sow hemp seeds. From the day of the song, a woman was originally involved. Spinning the ramie thread is a much more painful task than Jinki's Shinomaki, and only the total length of the thread can be twisted with the tip of a finger. I had to do it. Of course, I'm not envious of it, but since the woman had been pulling this thread all the time for more than half of her life, night and rainy days, it was a ramie tub, also known as woboke or wogoke. "Oke" was a noun that meant a woman's private property because she kept her side "soba" in the morning and evening. Older women still remember the practice of "three" when they went to Tohoku. In addition to the usual work, I will put up three extra lines every day to spin and store the white thread that keeps my heart in my heart, so it will go to the world of my old parents. It became a kimono to wear. Or, the parents are so happy that they just wonder if they would naturally feel comfortable dying by the time the rebellion was woven. It's not hard to see that successive women, for their own children or for their husbands, were pulling the cloth and the thread in their hearts. Otherwise, a pure woman who served the gods long ago built a legendary hatadono shrine on the banks of the fountain, and in March, Mitsuki, and February, there was a ghost basket in it. The legend that weaving the garment of God cannot understand this. The same feeling as that of the sword still remains in the countryside. There is also a wind on the southern island that the bridesmaids carry by weaving a man's obi. Weaving is like a braid, so I think I had it and continued to weave it anywhere. Twenty years ago, I also traveled to a mountain village in Hyuga and saw that. It was just a holiday of the Bon festival, but the girls gathered in the place where there are five houses and three houses and a private house, and they have something white in their hands. When I approached it, I found that it was made of cotton | Sanada string, which was less than 3 inches wide. The mayor of the old village who guided me said, "I'm weaving a belt to give to my future husband. We were happy to receive it." This village mayor is now seventy and strong. It's not just about weaving a single obi, but the passion that the ladies and ladies of medieval Kyoto once expressed with the elegant 31 characters "Miso Hitomoji". It seems that he was trying to weave in the senses.
[# 5 indentation] 14 [# "14" is the middle heading]
Former women who had many working days preferred to wear flashy clothes, even if they were just dark blue or plain flower-colored clothes. In the modern era, the white sugagasa was covered with a red sash and a kimono-dyed hand towel. As for the kimono, he wore a single garment of dark blue "Kongasuri", but before that, it seems that he had embroidered white thread on the cloth. The shoulder hem is called "Katasso", and contrary to the kimono of "Noshime" seen in the play, the shoulder and hem are sewn to make it stronger. The wind is still transmitted to the distant countryside, and in the Akita region this is called Chijimisashi, and Tsugaru is generally called Kogin. Kogin is a small garment, that is, a short garment worn during work, and is also called Kogino or Koino depending on the land, and is a local language common not only to the central part but also to the Kyushu region. However, among them, there were many particularly elaborate and beautiful ones, such as Tsugaru's Kogin, or the sound of Kokin. It wasn't an easy move to make it. The daughter-in-law and daughter of a busy house boasted that it took at most five minutes or one cun a day, and it took ten years for each piece. It was only recently that I couldn't see it, and even now, if I search for it, it will come out from the bottom of the tansu. For example, even on the busiest days of working in the fields, the women who have made a decision can take it with them and wrap it in a black shore of a rice field, and even when a man drinks tea and smokes a cigarette. It seems that he tried to put a cigarette in it even with "Hitohari". After that, the materials used for the Shibohappi to be worn by men again, and the split weave called Nimbu at Shimokoshikijima in Satsuma, were poor materials, but the color combination and weaving In beauty, the women had the power and heart of their whole body. This may be a hobby trend only in one region, but in general, women's work clothes were paid more attention to the rough and lonely countryside, so now when I try to see it, it is from the train. You have to go into a distant land. Even though women in the suburbs of Tokyo work hard, they haven't known work clothes for a long time. That's because the constant clothing gets worse and you wear it when you work as it is, but if the labor is still regular and intense, you should wear something that is entwined in your limbs. I can't. I stay at home for half a day and get out a little from noon, so it's a hassle to change clothes, so I can't roll up the hips of a long kimono, or I can't roll up my arms, so I'll hang a sash, so it's worth it. It is a mistake to say that each person is doing something different. Tasuki is a part of women's clothing from ancient times, but it was originally associated with fine clothing. The purpose was similar to today's ties, and I intentionally hung something with a clear color pattern around my neck to decorate it. I often hear the phrase "Ayado on the cross" in songs such as Joruri and Biwa, but this is to make a woman tentatively able to work in the case of a sash. Therefore, since the tasuki is not usually used in that way, it was purposely called Ayado in a cross shape. In other words, it is a phrase that describes the case where "Moon" instead of "Word" of "#" 藹 ", 3rd level 1-91-26]" Jorou "suddenly rises and works. .. However, when she came to live in the town, the woman worked only in such a half-finished form, and when it came to sashing, it was a transition that meant that she would be very active. Foreigners first commented on the inconvenience of Japanese kimono exertion, and then Japanese people began to chanting it, but it is not so commonplace in the world. This is because this costume was originally a costume when not working. Just as the Hyakunin Isshu princesses aren't lively at all, it's bad if you think about it, as if you saw a Japanese woman wearing something like that and didn't know that a Japanese woman would work. .. If there was even one person imagining this 3,000-year long history of suffering, as if every Japanese woman wore it, it would turn her face down. It's a shameful ignorance that I can't catch up with. You have to study so as to lose such a person.
[# 5 indentation] 15 [# "15" is the middle heading]
However, in order to know these facts, there would be nothing to gain from just reading a book. To do this, you can observe the lifestyles that still remain in various places with your own eyes and ears, or if you can't do that, you can compare the facts that you have noticed from the things that are close to you. The size will come up one after another. Anyway, there is no choice but to learn from the field. It takes less time and less than my strength to explain the problems one by one. However, if you emphasize to everyone that there are many things that we have not noticed until now, there will be a purpose for this lecture, so please be careful in the future yourself. I believe it will be observed. However, in this case, I would like to add that the mission of Japanese women, especially the completed family swordsman, has never been easy for any poor family. Is. As long as you move and sweat, the role of Okata is not enough, and there have been many tasks in the world where you have to work your head and shine your judgment talent. That's what it means. Of course, the childcare method was one of them, and the answering machine was also an important role, but other than that, the part that the husband did not touch, the work that was entrusted only to the wife, was produced. There were more in the direction of distribution than. It was taken up by her and caused family misery, but it was unavoidable because it was still proportional to the reduction of female labor. I can hardly ask why a woman belongs to the word household today, but it becomes clearer as it goes back in time, that is, as it returns to the world of a simple self-sufficient economy. Come on. What makes a household different from what is now called accounting is to bring the production of the house to its own purpose, or more simply, to provide food, clothing and shelter to the people who belong to the house. This is the reason why it is especially clear. Among them, only a part of the housewife can be used for a long time once it is produced, and even a traveler can't see its value unless he / she stays overnight. Is distributed to the people in the house every year by the hands of housewives. In the world of cotton, it was decided to get so-called oshikise or sobutsu once in spring and autumn. When it comes to food, housewives distribute it every day to the extent that it is necessary for each person. That was the household sword. If it is only for loved ones such as children and grandchildren, it can be left to the natural idea common to birds and beasts, but the composition of the previous family was much more complicated. There are seeds from the predecessor and the predecessor, and there are also priests, ghosts, and servants. There are also occasional helpers and Yuhi people. If you don't feed these people enough, and don't eat rice cakes, hoto, or anything else that's appropriate for the day, the housewife will always be ridiculed and badly told, or work as you say. Absent. Apart from adolescent boys, men are also told by housewives among boys. Also, even if the master gives an order to the men, the order from Hosono is always accepted. Women were even more so, and it was all about this distribution that made them work in a good mood, whether they were brides, daughters, or hired women. The crazy phrase, such as "I'll put it out in the third place," is from the early modern period of the Edo period, but for those who work, this is where the generosity of my wife appears. The swordsman who used his power most skillfully actually made the house bright and prosperous. It is not hard to imagine that they devoted themselves to the research and had their own inventions and styles.
That's why I couldn't let this authority act on behalf of my old-fashioned daughter-in-law who will inherit it next year. In Oshu, the village is far away, and it is normal that there is a seventy-eight town between the house and Tabata. When I saw it in the sun and saw that it was near the time of lunch, it was the housewife who flew back and prepared for the meal. There is a box in the keshinebitsu, that is, the rice bowl. I tried not to let other women pick it up. This masu often substitutes for old bowls such as "Furuwan", but one pai is about two gogo | 勺 "shaku", and in the western countries, it is also called "one go". In other words, it is a food for each person, and whether it is sardine, millet, or cracked barley, it has been mixed with rice, washed, and cooked. The amount of rice is as many as the number of people working that day. Multiplication is a new technology, so ordinary housewives do not use it. Just remembering the people who work outside each person, we can count the number of people with a box without omission. It seems that it would be nice to leave such a thing to the bride or the maid, but he said that he never let him do it in a hard house.
[# 5 indentation] 16 [# "16" is the middle heading]
The seats around the hearth of the house were also fixed. The seat with the straw mat in front of the back is the horizontal seat, where the master sits cross-legged. The right side of the seat was the audience seat, and on days when there were no guests, both the eldest son and Muko sat here. On the other side of the seat is Kaka, also known as Koshimoto and Tanamoto, and in Kyushu, it is also called Chaniza, the seat of the undisputed swordsman. Is. In the corner between the couple, there is usually a pot sill, where the side dish is boiled. Naturally, it is the housewife's authority to thrive, and even the mother who gave up the house does not touch it. If there are many daughters, they pull back a little and sit around them, and of course the bride is "of course" in it. In one house, while standing a little at the mother-in-law's seat, there is one story that the bride was divorced by the blame that she held a rice scoop. That's rarely the case because he never did that. In short, the ladle corresponded to a housewife's staff, a rice scoop such as the minister Dainagon, and a baton of a conductor, that is, a sign of the power of the family sword. Therefore, there is a theory that the wife is called the mountain god. When the festival of the mountain god was held in Edo and other places, those who danced in the guise of a god always had a rice scoop in their hands. The rice scoop was made by a person working in the mountain, and there was a lesson to give it to the god of the mountain. Therefore, even the woman who holds the scoop of the houses in the village says that she is the god of the mountain, but in reality, I do not know which one is the origin. Since the mountain god was also recognized as a goddess and a swordsman for the entire mountain, he may have later offered a scoop. Anyway, taking over the household to the bride is still called "passing the scoop" or "passing the spatula" in eastern Japan.
[# 3 indentation] Addition << So >> Give a scoop to a bride who has a seven-year-old child
Is famous for the song on the island of Sado. In the book "Folk Song of Sado" by Shunosuke Yamamoto, there is also a Meigin, which sings the feelings of the bride in various ways. At first I thought that the word "shamoji" was a description, but recently I heard from a friend in Iwate prefecture that he was doing exactly that. On the day when the mother is getting older and wants to take over the management of the house to her daughter-in-law, she puts a new rice scoop on the lid of the new pot and hands it to her daughter-in-law. It is said that it was a method to do. Even in the Northern Alps of Shinshu, there was an old man who still remembered this. It is said that the man also put some money in his wallet and handed it to his eldest son for the inheritance ceremony, but the scooping ceremony that was accompanied by this was probably even better. I think it's old. For when there was almost no money to sell, the wallet was useless, but the scoop was important before, and in all cases.
[# 5 indentation] 17 [# "17" is the middle heading]
After that, going one step further, the distribution right of housewives was particularly significant for sake to be provided only to grown-up boys. If this power were in the hands of a man, the family would have split earlier. The number of days that sake is served has increased with the times. At first, it was limited to the annual extraordinary events in the imperial court, especially the New Year and festival days, and then the big events of life that were decided, that is, when it had to be called a celebration and different from the usual day of the human heart. .. The original meaning of the word Ihaf can be easily understood by looking at a dictionary. Perhaps the word "death" was one, and it was a day of special excitement and at the same time a day of special caution. Without liquor, the men would not have that psychological state. Moreover, the sake was not always available, and it became common for sake breweries even near Kyoto in the middle of the Ashikaga period, which is a strange story such as Nara or Amano of Kawachi, but from the temple. It was supposed to be handed over. It was gradually named Einaka, and what was brewed by a mere farmer was to be stored and given as a gift. At first, all the management of sake brewing other than temples belonged to women. At the end of autumn, there is an autumn festival, and the raw material rice becomes rich. In many homes, except for making it in a jar and leaving a part of it for the New Year and a certain amount as a souvenir for Kyoto, I drank it. The day after the festival or feast was called "Kamezoko" or "Korizake", and the reason why even women gathered to eat and drink was that the sake was sometimes needed. It is proof that it was not made.
The fact that a woman was in charge of brewing sake is an example in the kyogen "Uba ga Sake" in ancient literature. The unreliable nephew "Hey" wears a demon's face and threatens the old woman of her aunt "Aunt" to drink the stored sake. Then again, as the origin of Kikuzake from Hakusan in Kaga, a beautiful woman used to sell sake at a roadside house, so all the men got lost and the woman in the village got lost. There is also a legend that he was angry and set fire. As an example of the retail price, there is a story about a woman who makes sake in Kishu in "Nihonryoki". Not only that alone, but also the sake brewer Miki no Tsukasa, who appears in the Engi-shiki, seems to have played the role of a woman.
[# 3 indentation] Sakado's Sakado Hakesa Hana Toneri woman's Toneri's skirt hem's hem's hem This morning's kesa is sweeping
The song of Saibara, a liquor-making song, is also transmitted. I think Tonerime would have been a swordsman. The name Swordsman remained as the name of the three large sake jars "Osakagame" that the sake brewer had, but it broke into a fire such as "Ontoki" at the time of Gosanjoin. That is certainly mentioned in "Kojidan". Even now, it is common to call a brewer, Nada, who is also called a brewer, Kurabito, or Hyakunichiotoko, a brewer, Touji. If the reason for this comes out, it's an eye. There was no doubt that it was originally an independent female duty, but as a result of the unclear meaning of the name Swordsman, it became known to boys as well. In other words, liquor was originally the power of this sword, and at homes, if the sword's hands were bothered, it would not have been possible to distribute sake.
[# 5 indentation] Ichihachi [# "Ichihachi" is a middle heading]
It can only be considered that there was a hidden reason for faith in this. That is, it seems that a special drink that is indispensable for human Ihahi has the power to make it without a woman, or only a woman has the power to brew it. It was. The Japanese word camos was also called cam in ancient times. Until recently, on the island of Okinawa, only sake for worshiping the gods was often used by young beautiful daughters to cleanse their teeth, and the rice was spit out into the bowl. At the same time, the one that was fermented with the lid on was used, and the word kamizake remained. In other words, this most precious yeast, Kobo, was seen as being sought only from the mouth of a pure virgin. The same example is also found in Tahiti and other South Pacific islands. Before the introduction of Western liquor, Kuva was the only Polynesian drink, but it also caused a woman to squeeze the roots of a plant and spit it into a wooden bowl. Later, they also participated and drank things together.
It is rather a rule in Japan for a woman to participate in a liquor table, and on a few islands in Kyushu, there are still things that are called liquor brewing only in that case. I wonder if the distant cause of the indispensable lack of alcohol in our wedding feast is the 茲 "here". Without such a big history, it would be impossible to explain why the two things, liquor and woman, are still in partnership, with all the harmful effects, as they are today. The harmful effects of alcohol are now acknowledged by the drinkers themselves, and plans to somehow curb the negative consequences are already a political issue. However, the defense theory against the world's temperance movement always makes people who are sick of history scream from the two points of what to do with the god festival and how to drink it for wedding celebrations from long ago. .. Of course, the harmful effects of alcohol have not come out from these two points. The main history they have forgotten is that there was no liquor store in the past. In the past, there was absolutely no way to get nightcap or morningcap whenever you want. If time changes, everything will be harmful. If the peculiar beliefs that accompany sake are disregarded, only the fun of that excitement is remembered, and one is everywhere, and if it gets much better, I originally forget myself. The purpose of sake is to squeeze. It would be a natural result to have a large number of drinkers and those who suffer unhappiness because of it. There is no need to think if there is no harmful effect. Moreover, all the harmful effects are modern. It's your problem again.
This point is not necessarily the only sake. It may not be as big a disaster as liquor, but like liquor, women's red and white powder "Benishiroi" is supposed to be used for festivals, ceremonies, and other days when liquor must be used. Makeup was applied to make a woman no longer a regular woman. Going inland in Afrika "Africa" ​​or in the barbaric land of Hao, I still recognize the same effect as suffering from it. In order for Japanese women to convey the word of God and to dance in the image of God, they had to have a painted face. Later, a woman was born who played the role of such a god dance, and was invited by people for a living, and even if it was not a festival or ceremony day, she sang and danced with red and white powder on her face when desired. .. Residents of the simple village saw this and called it "Moon" instead of "Word" in "#", Level 3 1-91-26] "Jorou". Above * [# "Moon" instead of "word" in "藹", 3rd level 1-91-26] is just another name for you, and it means Tsuji-kun, who originally meant a respectable woman. 》 ・ The same is true for you, Tachigimi. However, on top of that, how much * [# "moon" instead of "word" in "藹", 3rd level 1-91-26] has now fallen. On our wedding day, many so-called hearted people, who are reluctant to have a bad idea, wait only for the lady who puts on the white powder, or even call her a companion. I'm not going to use it. The result of women's rebellion against liquor, the long-standing mission of distribution and entrustment to the monopoly of those with unpleasant status, is even more liquor today. It is an unfortunate harvest that the world has not ignored the history of history at all because it has made consumption incontinence. If the provision of liquor becomes a profession of a certain person, it is natural to sell as much as you want to buy, especially households of houses unified with money, unknowingly leave the hands of the swordsman, food, clothing and shelter. In distribution, they are no longer even advisory agencies. Today, when the justice of distribution between the people is being debated so loudly, the distribution in the house is extremely unfair, and even a house that drinks all the profits that the master can enter is made. is there. Well, nowadays it is not desirable to restore this authority, but at least the facts that had been memorable before were revealed, and men who still have the power to think about it, such as my child, I wonder if it is the mission of the swordsmen to let the younger brothers know and think again.
[# 5 indentation] 19 [# "19" is the middle heading]
I couldn't explain in detail another important issue due to lack of time, but this woman's advice was of great value, at least in Japan. A woman is quite often a counselor for her husband, not only when she is hiding inside, but also when she is outside. Of course, there was a range of approved missions, not just tomorrow for the hen. Among the ancient Japanese, women were recognized as being closer to God and closer to the spirits of their ancestors. From the mere experience of a woman's life, even problems that cannot be said are often lost, some based on the solid memory of precedent, and some based on the mysterious divine decree. In principle, the traces of enlightening and enlightening the men are not recorded, but they are recorded accordingly. It is said that what was originally a product of labor in the house, like sake, was later handed over to a profession specializing in "later", causing some problems. I have mentioned it before in a long treatise called "Fujokou". It is unavoidable that the oracle spirit is dismissed as a laughable unconscious by those who do not believe it, but even from today's rational science, it is behind this advice of women. Must have had a sincere supportive spirit and an unconscious life experience, which also often helped guide the way of life at home. No matter how they vomit the words of the supernatural, their fantasies were constrained. In other words, as an era and as a society, dream talk could never jump out of what we knew or experienced. In order to generate new good thoughts, we still have to first increase our knowledge of the material in preparation. Rather than just purifying this with inspiration, I would like to systematize it if possible and use it consciously and freely. It also requires some training and may have some knack [# "kotsu" has an emphasis mark], but I was fortunate that women were aware of their ancient status and duties, and now their territory is unjustified. If you realize that it is narrow, I think that alone will be a big step forward. At present, the cheerful Shinonome of scholarship has already begun to appear white. Many new facts have been discovered about the lives of ordinary people in the past. The knowledge of the times is increasing. It's no longer the time when all the ladies are leaving alone and they're in dissatisfaction. Before that, we must first freely touch the scholarship of the times and try to live and fly in the air. From the point of view of me and others, any wise mother or wise lady seems to have a lack of love for general life, just thinking of herself as a child. Or maybe not so much, but it's easy to see because I haven't worked much for a few minutes now.
Bottom book: "Before cotton" Iwanami Bunko, Iwanami Shoten
Issued the first print on February 16, 1979 (Showa 54)
December 9, 2009 (Heisei 21) 21st edition revised edition issued
Issued the 22nd edition on September 6, 2010 (Heisei 22)
The parent book of the bottom book "Kunio Yanagita Collection Vol. 14" Chikuma Shobo
May 1962 (Showa 37)
First appearance: Things before cotton "Women"
October 1924 (Taisho 13)
What you wore "Shinmin family"
June 1911 (Meiji 44)
Old-fashioned and contemporary "Shofukai lecture"
March 1928 (Showa 3)
Worker's kimono "Travel and Legend"
July 1936 (Showa 11)
The problem of national clothing "clothing"
May 1939 (Showa 14)
Dumplings and old tale "Hidabito"
March 1936 (Showa 11)
Mochi, mortar and mortar "Socio-economic history"
January 1934 (Showa 9)
House light "house light"
February 1926 (Taisho 15)
Irori talk "literature"
March 1935 (Showa 10)
"Intelligence" such as fire-blown bamboo
April 1939 (Showa 14)
Woman and cigarette "Hidabito"
February 1939 (Showa 14)
Transition of drinking alcohol "remodeling"
February 1939 (Showa 14)
Ordinary literary art "Tanka Study"
February 1934 (Showa 9)
The story of Kouri Island "Tanka people"
May 1933 (Showa 8)
"Haiku study" about a traveling woman
April 1934 (Showa 9)
Widow and agriculture "Agricultural economic research"
October 1929 (Showa 4)
Yamabushi and island exile "Haiku course"
August 1932 (Showa 7)
Life haiku "Daiichi High School Lecture"
December 1937 (Showa 12)
Women's history "Jissen Women's School Lecture"
July 1934 (Showa 9)
Women's history "folklore"
March 1936 (Showa 11)
* The title of "What did you wear?" Was "What kind of kimono did our ancestors wear?"
* The title of "Dango and folk tales" when it first appeared is "Dango Pure Land".
* The title of "Ie no Hikari" when it first appeared is "For academic purposes".
* The title of "Transition of Drinking Sake" when it first appeared is "Folk and Sake".
* The title of "Bokujin Bungei" when it first appeared is "The Return of Bokujin Bungei".
* The title of "Widows and Agriculture" when it first appeared is "Agriculture and Women and Children".
* The title of "Yamabushi and Shimanashi" when it first appeared is "Shinshaku and Haiku".
* The title of "Life's Haiku" when it first appeared is "Literature and People's Life".
* When giving a lecture on "Women's History", the title when it first appeared was "Women and History".
Input: Nana ohbe
Calibration: Takashi Kawayama
Created May 11, 2013
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were involved in the input, proofreading, and production.
