Monogram
Edogawa Ranpo

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Between <<

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Kurihara | Ichizo << Ichizo >>

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) Hima [# Emphasis mark on "Hima"]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

I'm an old guard at a factory where I worked (although I'm still a man who is fifty years old, but somehow it feels like an old man) Kurihara Soon after he became comfortable with him, this was probably the seed of Mr. Kurihara's reserve story, and he had no problem talking to anyone about such a breakthrough. When it comes to "Aidara", I'll bring it out like a wait and "Machika", but one night I also surrounded the stove in the guard room and shared a strange story about Mr. Kurihara. I was told.
Mr. Kurihara is a good talker and seems to be a novelist, and it seems that there is no trace of the act in this story of Kobanashi, but in that case, the taste is hard to throw away. Yes, that kind of breakthrough is one that I still can't forget. Let's imitate Mr. Kurihara's story and then write it down.

No, it's a story like a drop-off. However, I said that first, and I'm not very comfortable with it. Well, it's natural, A, please listen with the intention of being ecstatic.
Shortly after I heard the forty voices, it was forty-five years later. As I always say, I'm a lot of educated, but strangely tired of things, so it's usually less than a year to get a job. After changing business one after another, I finally fell into something like this, but at that time, I stopped one profession and started the next profession. It was an era of unemployment, wasn't it? As you know, I have no children in this year, and I can't finish it by going to my hysterical wife and my small house. I used to go to Asakusa Park to kill time when I wasn't there.
There is, tomorrow. The park is not the spectacle hut in the 6th ward, but the one with many communal benches lined up in the forest south of the pond. I like those who have been exposed to the wind and rain, and the paint has bald and whitish on the bench, or on the abandoned stones and tree stocks, just like them, and blamed by the rain and wind of the floating world. Soon, you're sitting down with the appearance of being pondered. If you look at that scene as one of them, you won't understand it, but it makes you feel sad.
One day, I sat down on one of those benches and, as usual, was vaguely indulging in thought. It's just spring. The cherry blossoms have already passed, but the activity hut across the pond was crowded with people, such as the noise of a bang, the band, and the sound of a toy balloon whistle, ice cream. The call of the shop echoes with a high instep. On the other hand, in the forest where we are, it seems that people with a shabby style, who are quiet like another world and probably do not even have the money to see the activity, are hungry. He looks down on his melancholy eyes and sits still in one place forever and ever. It's a really gloomy and sad sight, as it seems that guilt is fermented in this way.
It is a rounded open space in the woods, where happy people unrelated to us are constantly passing by in front of us. If it's a woman who's arrived, the faces of the rakugo storytellers on the bench will all look at him all at once. It was a time when such a traffic was a little interrupted and the vacant lot was empty, so naturally I should have been careful, but to the iron pillar of the arc lamp in one corner. , A person appeared.
Although he was a young man of about thirty, his style was not so shabby, but he was somewhat lonely, and at least his face length was not a vacationer, but a fellow villain. It looks like a companion. He stopped there for a while, as if he was looking for it in the open bench, but it was full everywhere and he was far more dirty than his appearance. All of them seemed scary, so maybe he was afraid. When I gave up and decided to go away, his gaze suddenly collided with my gaze.
Then, as if he was finally relieved, he approached the space of the bench next to me, which was just a little bit. Among those guys, my style was wearing something like an old Meisen, which, in a strange way, seemed to be a bit of a win, and never outside. It wasn't as terrible as the people, so it seems to have reassured him. Or, as I came up with later, he may have noticed my face from the beginning. Yeah, I'll tell you the reason soon.
Apparently my habit is that the story shouldn't be long, so when the man sat down next to me, he took out a bag of Shikishima from his waist and smoked a cigarette. I started to smoke, but as I was doing so, something like a strange premonition gradually attacked me. I thought it was strange, and when I looked carefully, a man was looking at Girojiro and me from the side while smoking a cigarette. That way of looking was not capricious, and it was somewhat meaningful. ..
Because the other person was a sick and quiet man, curiosity won rather than creepy, and I was still, paying attention to his behavior. I was in the middle of that noisy Asakusa Park, and I could hear various noises, but it was a strange scene, and I did so for a long time. I was wondering if the other man would say something at any moment.
Then, the man finally cuts his mouth. "You saw me somewhere," he said with a frightening little voice. I wasn't surprised because I expected it a little, but I can't remember it. I don't know such a man.
When I replied, "I think I'm wrong. I don't think I've seen you at all." Isn't it looking out? Perhaps he wasn't comfortable with the idea that he was planning something, and he asked again, "Where did you meet?"
"Saa, I can't even remember that," says the man. "It's weird, it's weird." He shook his neck and said, "It's not the case these days. I think I've been seeing you from a long time ago, but do you really remember?" Then, as if to doubt me, I wouldn't look at my face while smiling with a strange nostalgia.
When you ask, "You're wrong. What do you know? What's your name?", That's strange. "I've been trying hard to remember from the beginning, but for some reason it doesn't come out, but I don't think he's the one who forgets his name."
"I'm Kurihara | Ichizo" I'm right.
"Ah, goodbye, I'm Miyoshi Tanaka," this is the man's name.
We had a name in the middle of Asakusa Park, but strangely, I, of course, and the other man didn't even remember the name. Being ridiculous, we burst into laughter. Then, then, the laughing face of the other man, that is, Miyoshi Tanaka, suddenly caught my attention. The funny thing is that even I felt like he was somehow familiar. What's more, it feels strangely nostalgic, as if it was a familiar old friend.
So, I suddenly stopped laughing and looked at the face of the man who called himself Tanaka again, but at the same time, Tanaka also gave a perfect laugh and said that it was not a laugh. What is it? If this was the time outside, I wouldn't have talked about it anymore, but I was in the unemployed era, when I was bored and in trouble, and the weather was a laid-back spring. Besides, it doesn't feel bad to talk to a young man who seems to be more sensible than I am, so I have a strange conversation with "Anbai" such as crushing Hima [# "Hima" as an emphasis mark]. I went on. For this kind of work.
"It's strange, while I was talking, I felt like I had seen you for some reason." This is me.
"That's right. That's right. Moreover, it's not like I went wrong on the road, it's not like a face-to-face meeting, surely."
"Maybe so. Which country are you?"
"It's Mie prefecture. It's like I've been here for the first time recently and I'm looking for a job."
Looking at it, he is also a kind of unemployed.
"I'm from Tokyo, so when did you come to Tokyo?"
"It's only been one month yet."
"Maybe I met you somewhere in the meantime."
"No, that wasn't the case yesterday or today. I'm sure I've known you from a few years ago, when you were younger."
"Yes, I feel that way. With Mie Prefecture. I hate traveling, and I have rarely left Tokyo since I was young, but especially As I know that Mie prefecture is above the top, I can't tell the geography clearly, so I shouldn't have met in my country, and you're new to Tokyo. I told you. "
"I'm really starting from Hakone, because I was educated in Osaka and worked there until now."
"Is it Osaka? I've been to Osaka, but it's been 10 years ago."
"That's not Osaka either. I was in the country seven years ago until I graduated from junior high school."
When I talk about it like this, it seems like it's kind of awkward, but at that time, I was quite nervous about each other, and I was told where I was from what year to what year, and where I traveled in what year and month. Even if I think about the details and compare them, none of them collide. Sometimes I think I'm traveling to the same region, but the ages are different. When that happens, it's strange that there is no specification. The other person insists that it is unlikely that there are two people who are so similar, even if it is a mistake, and if it is one | length << only >>, I am familiar with it. I feel like that, so I can't just say that it's a mistake. The more I talk, the more the other person seems to be familiar with me in the past, and I don't care about it, and I don't know where I met. Do you have such an experience? It's actually a strange feeling. Mysterious, that's right. It's kind of mysterious. It's not just for crushing and getting bored, but when questions are gradually raised in that way, it's human nature to want to relentlessly inspect it. Let's do it.
However, I don't understand after all. It's a little rushing, and the more I try to remember, the more confused I am, and the more I think I know that they've known each other for a long time. .. But no matter how much I talked about it, I couldn't get the point, so we had no choice but to laugh again.
At the same time, although I couldn't get the point, as I was talking about it, I felt like each other, and I didn't know it before, and at least I became an unforgettable familiarity from the spot. .. Then, at Tanaka's treat, I went to a coffee shop near the pond, and after drinking tea and talking about our strange ties for a while, I was able to understand the day without incident. And when they knew each other, they were in a relationship where they would let them know each other's addresses and talk to each other for fun.
If that was all done, there would be nothing more to talk about, but 45 days later, I found something strange. I found out that Tanaka and I had some kind of connection. My ecstasy that I mentioned at the beginning is yet to come. (Mr. Kurihara makes me laugh a little here.) For Tanaka, this seemed to be busy with a job hunting campaign, so I didn't visit him at all, but as usual, I was killing time. I was in trouble, so one day I came up with the idea and visited the boarding house behind Ueno Park where he was staying. Already in the evening, he had just returned from his outing, but when he saw my face, he suddenly shouted, "I see, I see."
"It's an example. I understand it completely. Last night, it was" last night. "Last night, on the floor, I suddenly noticed it. I'm sorry. It was my misunderstanding. I've never met him. At the same time, I haven't met him, but he's still connected to Manzara. You know a woman named Kitagawa Sumiko. Is it not"
I was a little surprised by the question from Yabu to the stick, but when I heard the name Sumiko Kitagawa, it felt like the gorgeous wind of a long time ago was blowing gently, and it came for a few days. I felt that some of mysterious mysteries had been solved.
"I know, but it's a long time ago. It was 145 years ago, because I was a student."
Because, as I said, when I was at school, I was quite a dating person, and I had some female friends, but Sumiko Kitagawa was one of them. And she is a woman who is especially memorable to me. XX I went to a girls' school. She is a beautiful person, and at our fellow Karutakai, she is always the most popular person, rather than a queen. Instead of being a beautiful woman, she has somehow steepness, which makes it difficult to approach. It was a nice woman. To that woman (Mr. Kurihara scratches her head with a bit of astringency) Actually, I was in love with her. Moreover, that is a shameful unrequited love. And I got married after all, a second-class beauty among my friends who graduated from the same girls' school, I hate it now, far from being a beauty, a hysterical patient who can not handle it, but at that time it was about 10 people. It's the garden "that". You have put up with it in an affordable place. In other words, a woman named Sumiko Kitagawa was my old lover and my wife's school friend.
At the same time, why did Tanaka, a Mie prefecture citizen, know that Sumiko, and why did he remember my face? Then, when I gradually asked, I found something surprising. Tanaka says that he remembered something in the bed just the night before. It's about why you remembered me. So, I was completely confused, so I thought I'd let me know about it, but unfortunately, that day (that is, the day I visited him) was about getting a job. He said he couldn't come to me because he had a previous contract.
After saying such a refusal, Tanaka took out one item from the drawer of the desk and said, "Don't you know this?" When you look at it, it's a glossy mirror, Kaichi Kagami. Oita was an out-of-fashion item, but it seemed to have been owned by a very good young woman. When I say I don't know at all,
"But you know this length, right?"
Tanaka said that, while looking at my face in a meaningful way, I opened the double-folded mirror, and dexterously pulled out the mirror that was fitted into the sharp ground that seems to be Saise. I took out a photo hidden behind me and put it in front of me. Surprisingly, it was a picture of my own youth.
"This flash mirror is a keepsake of my dead sister. That dead sister is Sumiko Kitagawa, who I just mentioned. I'm surprised, but I'm surprised. That's why. "
When I listened to Tanaka's explanation, his sister Sumiko had been adopted by the Kitagawa family in Tokyo from a young age for some reason, and from there she was sent to XX girls' school. However, whether or not she graduated from girls' school, the Kitagawa family suffered great misfortune and was forced to be taken over by her hometown's parents' house, that is, Tanaka's house, and after a while, she would not even get married. It is said that he died of illness inside. Neither I nor my wife, nor the detour, knew anything about such an event. It was a really surprising story.
So, in the belongings that Sumiko left behind, there was one small hand library, and there was a lot of feminine and messy items in it. It was a translation that was carefully preserved as a keepsake of.
"I noticed this photo more than a year after my sister died," says Tanaka. "I don't know because it's hidden behind the mirror. At that time, I was inspecting the items in the hand library by accident, but while I was twisting this flash mirror, I discovered the secret of Hyokori. I remembered the photo in my bed last night, and that was the reason why I was able to answer all the questions. After all, I pulled out this photo every time after that, and my dead sister Because I was thinking of that, you must be a deep familiarity that I will never forget. When I met you the other day, I forgot about it. , I misunderstood that you are familiar with the real thing, not the photo. Also, Tanaka grins, "I can't forget the face of the woman who even did the photo, and that Since it's a woman's younger brother, I think I had an image of my sister, and I misunderstood it as if I had met him before. "
If you ask, it must be exactly what Tanaka says. At the same time, the reason why I can't help but think that the photo has been taken by various people, so it's no wonder that Sumiko has it, but she kept it behind the mirror. That is the point. I feel like she and I are in the opposite position. Because I'm unrequited love, there may be a reason to make such a gesture, but there is no reason for Sumiko to cherish my photo mystery.
However, when I look at Tanaka, I decided that there was something strange between me and Sumiko, and it's not unreasonable, but I can break that relationship and go to Kure. 》 It's approaching. So he says. The cause of my sister's death must be, of course, mainly due to a physical illness, but from what my brother sees, I think there was something outside. For example, when I think about the fact that my sister strongly disagrees with the marriage that happened during my lifetime, there is someone who is thinking about it, and that is not at my disposal. I think that something like that hastened my sister's death. In fact, Sumiko suffered from a kind of depression after returning to the country, and was obsessed with death and illness as a continuation of that, so Tanaka's point is plausible. is.
Then, I'm having a good year, and my heart is accelerating my heartbeat. If you think about insects well, you can imagine that not only I had a crush, but Sumiko was also looking at our enviable wedding with a love that was both a cry and a jerk. Because you can. What should I do if that beautiful Sumiko died in that way? I'm happy. I'm so happy that tears rush into my throat.
However, on the other hand, I also have the feeling that "Is this really true?" Sumiko was a woman who was too beautiful and too noble to fall in love with me. Then, a strange question and answer began between me and Tanaka. I feel like taking care of it, and when I say, "There should be no such thing," Tanaka says, "But how should I interpret this photo?" So, while I was talking about it, I became more and more sentimental and finally broke my unrequited love, and that's why Sumiko thought about me. In fact, I was hoping for the opposite, but I made a strong statement.
However, Tanaka, who was playing with the talking and talking mirror, suddenly noticed what he was doing and shouted, "That's right." That's what I found tough. As I said earlier, the sack of the flash mirror is a two-fold one made in Sasase, and between the patterns of the hemp leaf joints on the surface, Sumiko's hand-like, inconspicuous colored thread, in English. There was an embroidery of the combination letter, but it is made by wrapping the letter I with S.
"I just couldn't understand the meaning of this combination letter until now," says Tanaka. "S may be the acronym of Sumiko, but I is Tanaka, my parents' house. However, it doesn't apply to Kitagawa, who is a foster family. However, when you suddenly notice it, you say Ichizo Kurihara, not the acronym I of Ichizo. It's called a photo, and it's called a combination letter. I knew exactly what my sister was thinking. "
The repeated evidence made me feel strangely hot in my eyes, whether I was happy or sad. By the way, the various gestures of Sumiko Kitagawa, which was more than a dozen years ago, are now meaningful and reminiscent. I wondered if it was a mystery to me that I said such a thing at that time, or if it was because of my heart that I showed such an attitude at that time. Don't laugh, one after another, indulge in sweet thoughts.
Then, almost all day, Tanaka talked about his sister's thoughts, I talked about old tales of his school days, and the facts are a distant past. << Just >> We talked with each other nostalgic. Then, when I broke up, I asked Tanaka to take the mirror and a picture of Sumiko, and carefully hugged me in the inner part and went home.
If you think about it, it must be said that it is a truly mysterious cause. We've met before when a man who happened to meet on a shared bench in Asakusa Park was a brother of an old lover, and he knew the unexpected feelings of the man. If so, it's no wonder, but it was as if they were strangers and remembered the faces of both parties.
Since that happened, for the time being, I was thinking only about Sumiko. It's no wonder why I didn't have the courage at that time, of course, but it's been a long time, and since this year is a year, it's more than a realistic thing. I was just somehow happy and sad, and stealing my wife's eyes, I just stared at the keepsake mirror and the photo, and indulged in a dreamlike faint thought.
At the same time, how strange is the human mind? In that way, my thoughts were never realistic, but my wife's garden, which I had never thought of as a hysterical patient, stands out. It's strange that the countryside town of Mie prefecture, where Sumiko sleeps, has never been there, and it seems strangely nostalgic. In the end, I came to want to go on a humble trip like a pilgrimage and visit Sumiko's grave. When I say it like this, I feel like I'm twisting my body now, but at that time, I had a pure heart like a child, and I really thought about it until then. ..
In front of the stone monument "Sekihi" engraved with her gentle Dharma name "Kaimyo" that I heard from Tanaka, I struck a flower and scented "Kou", and there was something to her. I want to see it. I even drew such a sentimental fantasy. Of course, this is just a fantasy. When I tried to execute the provisional order, I couldn't even afford to pay for the travel expenses in the living conditions at that time ………….
So, when the story is over, it must be a bit of an interesting idea, as a so-called "forty man's fairy tale", even though it is a tentative ecstasy, but in reality, this continuation There is. When I say that, I don't want to talk about it because it's so disillusioned that it's a completely unloved story, but the facts are true, so there's no way I can do it. Nani, it might be a good show for me, who was so proud of me.
It was one day when I missed the illusion of a dead Sumiko like that. With a little omission, I found the photo of Sumiko and the mirror in my hysteria's wife. When I learned about it, I was in trouble. Forty-five days now, I was even more prepared to have a talisman for a bald attack. Surprisingly, however, my wife, who sat at my torn desk in front of the second item, Shina, does not seem to cause hysteria at all. Not only that, don't you say something like this while smiling?
"Well, isn't it a picture of Mr. Kitagawa? Why did you have something like this? And it's a rare mirror, it's quite old. Did you come out of my luggage? I just thought I had lost it before. "
When I heard that, I thought it was strange, but I still didn't understand it well, so I was vague and stood there. While playing with the mirror in my wife's nostalgia,
"I put this embroidery on the combination letters when I was in school, you know this," he said, and his thirty-year-old wife became strangely sexy. It's the I of the structure. It's the S of the garden. Before I was with you, I sewed this without changing the hearts of each other. When I went to Nikko on a trip, I thought I was stolen on the way. "
That's why. You know. In other words, the mirror wasn't from Sumiko, who I believed sweetly, but from my hysterical wife's garden. Both Sono and Sumi have the same acronym, S, and they made a mistake. Even so, I'm not sure why the garden's belongings were at Sumiko. So, when I asked my wife various questions, I found out that this was the case.
My wife said that during the school trip, someone stole the mirror with a wallet and put it in a handbag at an inn on the way. It was. It seems that it was the same fellow student. I had no choice but to break through the encounter with Sumiko's younger brother, but my wife must have stolen this. I know you, but Sumiko-san's bad habits were so bad that no one in the class knew about it, so I'm sure he's that person.
The evidence that this wife's words weren't bullshit or misunderstandings reminded me of my picture behind the mirror, which hadn't been extracted at that time. That is also what my wife put in. Perhaps Sumiko didn't know much about this photo until she died. Her younger brother was playing around with it on a whim, and he accidentally found it and made a mistake.
In other words, I had to taste double disappointment. First of all, Sumiko never thought of me, and if my wife's imagination was true, she was a muddy girl who I had fallen in love with. thing.
Hahahahahaha, thank you very much for your boredom. This is the end of my stupid myth. It's boring to say the omission, but by the time I realized it, I was a little nervous.



Bottom book: "Edogawa Ranpo Complete Works Vol. 3 Yinju" Kobunsha Bunko, Kobunsha
November 20, 2005 (Heisei 17) First edition 1 print issued
Parent of the bottom book: "Creative Detective Novels Vol. 4 Lakeside Tei Incident" Shunyodou
September 1926 (Taisho 15)
First appearance: "New Novel" Shunyodou
June 1926 (Taisho 15)
* The comment by Mr. Yuichi Hirayama at the end of the bottom book has been omitted.
Input: Kinjo Gakuin University e-book production
Proofreading: Hiroshi Kadota
Created on September 24, 2017
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
