About Mooriac
Tatsuo Hori

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) [# Horizontal composition] "roman" [# Horizontal composition end]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

When asked who was the most favorite of the contemporary writers, I wouldn't hesitate to pick up the name of Mooriac. Last summer, I was sick and couldn't get a job, so I went to the back mountain of Sanatorium every day and fell in love with a tree and indulged in a new French novel ordered from Tokyo. I thought it was interesting, but I really liked the Moorian one. Perhaps it was because of what I was eagerly seeking. ――Even though I say that, I can only read a few of Mooriac's works, which are still dozens of them. However, at least Nihen will look back on what he has seen. From summer to autumn, "Teleez Decayru" is about to revisit Sangen Yuzukuri. When I have a chance, I want to look back on it. There is no other writer who has infused me with such passion these days without Mooriac.
Hisanori Tsujino's "kissing the sword" and "mother" were very impressed this summer. This time, Tsujino-kun's recollection of only the "mother", but Yahari is very good. These two volumes, "Teleez Decayru", are both relatively early for Mooriac, but the work of this time is for us-especially for me. I wonder if it will come to me. All three are novella (?) Written in the Mooriac style, with a print size of just five 號 gurai, about 200 pages, and 200 sheets in our style. I think it's something that I see, but if it's about this length, I'll be able to write it somehow depending on my efforts, even if I'm weak, and I'd really like to write a lot, so I'll have it. This kind of novella (however, Mooliac is also a good example of this kind of novella [# horizontal composition] "roman" [# horizontal composition end]. I don't care,) may be even more dear to me. When Mr. Tsujino introduced Mooriac, it was very selfish to have these two volumes as mentioned above.
I'm a big fan of releasing Mooriac stuff at the work company, so I have to write something about it, but now I'm wondering about other things. It's not a sedition, especially since it's a sedition, so I'd like to take the opportunity to write it.



Bottom book: "Tatsuo Hori Works No. 4" Chikuma Shobo
August 30, 1982 (Showa 57) First edition first print issued
First appearance: "Works Vol. 7, No. 3"
March 1936 issue
* The title at the time of the first appearance is "Mooriatsuku praise".
Input: tatsuki
Proofreading: Takatoshi Somekawa
Created August 8, 2013
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
