Dogs in the forest
Mimei Ogawa

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Town << Town >>

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Thirty |
-------------------------------------------------- -----

In the hut of the liquor store Sakaya, where the town is located, the dog, Inu, gave birth to a child.
"In such a place, the dog gave birth to a child, and I was in trouble," said the master, "Kogoto." This is also because the little boys didn't cleanly clean the inside of the normal hut, and even the little boys were told. It is.
"It's ridiculous to be scolded by us for this brute. Let the dog's son, Ko, flow into the river," said the kid. The dogs talked about the story.
"You shouldn't do such a poor thing. If you have an eye, take it somewhere and throw it away," said Kami.
In the meantime, the little dogs, Koinu, gradually began to see their eyes. Then, I began to walk with a toddler, a short "Mijika", and a tail like a brush tip "Fudesaki". "Please stay here until the children are a little bigger," said the poor mother dog, "Oyainu," instead of saying something, with her eyes. He appealed to the little boys, Kozo. But it wasn't forgiven.
"I hope someone has it."
"If you take me to the police, you'll be thirty | sen. Would you like to take me?"
"Don't make a fool of yourself. I'll put it somewhere in the rearcar and throw it away at night," said the little boys. I was doing. The mother dog, Oyainu, who heard this, was surprised. The reason is that even a human who looks sick can do such a thing.
"At first, I was loved without any inconvenience. For some reason, I was disliked for some reason, and I was finally left behind. Then, where did the owner, the dog, go? I still miss the people and admire them. Not only do I have a dog, but I never forget that I received a dog, but after this happened, I believed in a human dog. "I don't know what to do ...", the mother dog "Oyainu" thought.
The mother dog, Oyainu, was accompanied by small dogs, Koinu, while no one was aware of it, and a forest that was just a short distance away from it. I pulled it to the inside of the dog.
The forest was a part of a large mansion, Yashiki. From the broken fence, not only dogs, but also children of humans living in the neighborhood, children, sometimes come and go. I did a "dog". In the fall, when the acorn fruit fell, the acorn fruit also fell.
It was still around spring when the mother dog "Oyainu" and the small dog "Koinu" moved to "Naka" in this forest "Mori". To prevent children of human beings from being mischievous and getting close to "Yoi" easily, thorns and bamboo "Pon" At the root of the tree, I dug a hole deeply, and I lived in it. Finally, the mother dog "Oyainu" who was relieved was licking the cute children "Children" instead.
"Here, there will be no rain, and no one will be chased or disturbed. I will be humans. It's only from the bottom of the heart that you're sick of, but humans are capricious, and they can be thrown away or even a little bit terrible. So don't really believe in humans. You can't live in a fine hut like other dogs, Also, even if you can't eat delicious food, don't be jealous of it. Instead, your mother will always look for something ... ", said her mother dog. "Oyainu" was often sent to the little dogs "Koinu".
Even when the mother dog "Oyainu" feels hungry, if she finds something to eat, she can find it. Immediately I brought it to the place where the children were. Also, when there was a sound of something on the way, I wondered if it was from the forest where the little dogs were, and everywhere I stood. I stopped and listened to my ears. In the meantime, the little dogs, Koinu, stretch their necks out of the hole, and the mother dog, Oyainu, has something good. I was waiting for him to come. And, too late, the return was slow, and the nose was smoothed, and it was not low and sad.
Tightening this, the poor mother dog "Oyainu" returned with a sudden "Oiso".
"Come on, I'm sorry to have waited. Today I've been walking, but I couldn't see anything. My milk. I'll give you a "chichi", so please do it with this. " The mother dog, "Oyainu," was hugging her.
One day, while the mother dog "Oyainu" was away, the liquor store "Sakaya" kid "Kozo" came and gave him a little dog "Koinu". I kidnapped it.
"If I had a good dog child, I would like it," he said. There was a house that I asked for, so I'm going to bring it there. did.
When the mother dog "Oyainu" returns to the hole "Ana" in the forest "Mori", she doesn't have a child, so she is worried wherever she goes. Did. Even when it got dark, the little dog Koinu hadn't returned yet. The mother dog, Oyainu, became a madman and searched around. At last, I couldn't make a good voice all night long. The voice came to the town.
"Poor, what if a human being, my child, is gone?" Said Kami, a liquor store.
Perhaps the little kid, Kozo, also felt sorry for him, the next day, "well," and yesterday, the little dog, "Koinu," was kidnapped. He brought him to the inside of the forest and said, "There is a house that eats delicious food and loves it." did. Then, it seemed that he understood the meaning of "Imi", and the mother dog "Oyainu" shook his tail "O" and lonely saw off his child "Ko". is.



Bottom book: "Complete collection of Mimei Ogawa fairy tales 8" Kodansha
Issued the first print on June 10, 1977 (Showa 52)
Issued the 6th edition on September 10, 1982 (Showa 57)
Parent of the bottom book: "Harappa under the blue sky" Rokubunkan
March 1932 (Showa 7)
* The title is "Inu Koro, the dog in the forest" in the original text.
Input: Harukaze, a specified non-profit organization
Proofreading: Minami Fujii
Created December 12, 2015
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
