He is not the old one
Osamu Dazai


I will teach you this life. If you want to know, come to the clothesline at my house. I'll tell you secretly there.
Don't you think that the clothesline in my house has a good view? The air in the suburbs is deep and light, isn't it? The houses are also sparse. Be careful. The board at your feet seems to be rotten. You should come here more. It's the spring breeze. It is a characteristic of the south wind that you can tickle your earlobe in such a way.
When you look around, don't you think that the roofs of suburban houses are uneven? You must have been leaning against a wooden fence in the roof garden of a department store in Ginza or Shinjuku, with a cheek stick, and vaguely looking down at the million roofs of the streets. The million roofs of the streets are all the same size, the same shape, the same color, and they are crowded together, and they are covered with mold, and in the haze of the streets, which is tinged with mold and car dust. The edge is sinking. You must have closed your eyes and sighed, thinking of the one million uniform life of the roof. As you can see, the roofs in the suburbs are different. It seems that each one loosely insists on the reason for its existence. That elongated chimney belongs to a public bathhouse called Momo no Yu, but the blue smoke gently flutters north as the wind blows. The red western sword just below that chimney belongs to a famous shogun, and you can hear the song every night from that place. A row of vertebrate trees extends southward from the red castanopsis. The white wall is shining dullly where the trees are lined up. It is a pawn shop's storehouse. It is run by a petite and lonely mistress who has just passed the age of thirty. Even if this person meets me on the road, he pretends not to see my face. They are considering the honor of the person who received the greeting. Behind the dozo, you can see 56 pons of trees that seem to have spread their leaves and leaves like bones of wings. That is a palm tree. The tin roof covered with that tree belongs to the plasterer. The plasterer is now in prison. He killed Hosono. It was because Hosono hurt the pride of the plasterer every morning. The plasterer had the luxury of drinking half a bottle of milk every morning, but that morning, Hosono passed the bottle of milk. And I thought it wasn't too much of a mistake. At the plasterer, it was spotty and enviable. Hoso-kun took a break on the spot, the plasterer went to prison, and the plasterer's ten-year-old son bought and read a newspaper in front of the station shop during this time. I saw it. However, the life I'm trying to inform you is not like this.
Come here. The view in the direction of Higashi is even better. Houses are even more sparse. That little black forest is blocking our eyes. That is a forest of cedar. Among them, there is a company that worships Inari. The bright spot at the hem of the forest is the rape field, followed by a vacant lot of about 100 tsubo in the foreground. A paper kite with the green letters "dragon" written on it is quietly raised. Look at the long tail hanging from that paper kite. If you draw a line straight down from the end of the tail, will it just fall into the northeastern corner of the open space? You are no longer staring at the well at that location. No, I'm staring at a young woman who is pumping water from a well with a suction tube. That's fine. From the beginning I wanted to show you that woman.
A white apron is hung. That is Madam. Pump up the water, hold the bucket in your right hand, and start walking. Which house will you be in? On the east side of the vacant lot, there are twenty-three uneven bamboo trees. Look at it. The woman passes through that Moso bamboo and then disappears. It. You're right as I said? It disappeared. But don't worry. I know where that woman is going. The back of Moso bamboo is somewhat red. There are two red plums. The buds must have begun to swell. Under that light red haze, you can see the black Japanese roof. That roof. Under that roof, the current woman and her husband are asleep. There is a life I want to let you know, even though it has a roof that is not strange. Let's sit here.

That house was originally mine. There are three tatami mats, four and a half tatami mats, six tatami mats, and three rooms. The floor plan is good and the sunlight is not bad. There is a backyard with a size of 13 tsubo, and in addition to those two red plums being planted, there is also a fairly large 100-day red, and there are about five Kirishima azaleas. Last summer, I planted a southern candle near the front door. Therefore, the rent is 18 yen. I don't think it's too expensive. I'd like to get about 245 yen, but it's a little far from the station, so that's not the case. I don't think it's too expensive. Still, I have been accumulating for a year. Originally, the rent of that house was supposed to be my messenger, but thanks to that, for the past year, I had a crush on my shoulders.
It was March of last year that I lent it to the current man. It was around the time when Kirishima Koji in the backyard was finally starting to sprout young shoots. Before that, a bank clerk, once famous as a swimmer, lived alone with the young Hosono. The bank clerk was a weak man, who seemed to like alcohol, cigarettes, and women. Based on that, we often have a couple quarrel. However, I paid the rent properly, so I can't say so badly about that person. The bank clerk went away for three years. It was relegated to a branch office in Nagoya. On this year's New Year's card, the name of a girl named Yuri and the name of the couple were written side by side. Before the bank clerk, I lent it to an engineer at a beer company about 30 years old. Living with my mother and sister, the whole family was unfriendly. The technician was a man who was indifferent to his clothes, always wore blue leafy clothes, and seemed to be a good citizen. The mother was elegant with her white hair cut short and horned. My sister was a small, thin woman around the age of 20, and she liked to wear a Meisen with an arrow fletching motif. Such a family would be called humble. I lived for about half a year and then moved to Shinagawa, but I don't know what happened after that. For me, I was dissatisfied with something at that time, but when I think about it now, I was a good clerk, whether it was an engineer or a swimmer. The so-called store child luck was good. That has been completely negative for the current third-generation store clerk.
Because of that roof by now, it must be slowly shaking the hope while digging into the bed. That's it. Smoke the hope. There is no reason without money. Still, they don't pay the rent. I couldn't do it from the beginning. At twilight, I came to my house under the name of Kinoshita, but it means that I'm teaching calligraphy while I'm hitting the front door, and I want to live in a rented house. Said in a strangely friendly tone. He was a thin, extremely short, thin young man. He wore a new Kurume 碣 袷 while the creases from the shoulders to the cuffs were standing properly. It certainly looked like a young man. As I learned later, he is 42 years old. Ten years older than me. By the way, there are a lot of loose wrinkles around his mouth and eyes, and it looks like he is not a young man, but I think that 42 years old is still a lie. No, that kind of lie is not uncommon for that man. Since I first came to my house, I've already been lying. I answered his offer if I liked it. I haven't scrutinized the store clerk's identity so far. I think it's rude. He said this about the security deposit.
"Is there two deposits? Yes. No, I'm sorry, but then I'll pay only fifty yen. No. I'll use it where I had it. It's like saving money. It's something like that. Hoho. I'll move soon tomorrow morning. The deposit is there, so let's bring it up with the greetings. Isn't it okay? "
This is the kind of work. I can't say I shouldn't. Besides, I have a principle of believing in one's words as they are. If you're fooled, it's better to be fooled. I replied that it doesn't matter, tomorrow or even tomorrow. The man bowed politely with a sweet smile and returned quietly. The remaining business card had no address and was printed in plain letters with only Kinoshita Seisen, and on the right shoulder of the letter was a messy writing with a free genius professor of calligraphy and a pen. I laughed unintentionally. The next morning, the Aogi couple moved by trucking a lot of household utensils twice, but the deposit of 50 yen was finally left as it was. Is it something to send?
After moving, Aogi came to greet my house with Hosono. He wore a jacket of yellow yarn, a rugged geta, and a feminine clog. As soon as I went out to the front door, I said, "Oh, I'm finally moving. Isn't it strange like this?"
Then I looked into my face and smiled. I felt awkward, and I gave a sloppy reply, saying that it was difficult, but I still smiled.
"My woman. Nice to meet you."
Ao-Ogi showed a slightly large woman who was hiding behind her with her chin exaggeratedly. We diddge a bow. The greenish-blue Meisen 袷 with a hemp leaf pattern was covered with a vermilion haori dyed with a tie-dye, which is also typical of Meisen. I glanced at Madame's soft face and was squeaky. Even though I didn't know my face, I was still strong and stabbed. It was white as the color disappeared, one eyebrow was sharply raised, and then the other eyebrow was calm. His eyes seemed somewhat thin, biting his thin lower lip lightly. At first I thought I was angry. But I soon realized that it wasn't. After bowing, Madame gently put a large shugi-bukuro on the ceremonial table at the entrance, hiding it in a blue fan, and said in a clear tone. After that, he bowed slowly. When I bowed, I also raised one eyebrow and bit my lower lip. I wondered if this was a normal habit of this person. The blue fan couple left as it was, but I was absent for a while. Then it became unpleasant. Sometimes it was a security deposit, and above all, I couldn't stand the lasciviousness of being done. I crouched down on the ceremonial table, picked up the embarrassingly large Shugi-bukuro, and looked inside. There was a five-yen stamp from a soba restaurant. For a moment, I didn't understand anything. A five-yen stamp is a ridiculous thing. Suddenly, I was caught in a dubious suspicion. Maybe it's supposed to be a security deposit. I thought so. Then this has to be knocked back right away. I remembered the badness of my unbearable chest, and left the house as if I was chasing after the blue fan couple, with the Shugi-bukuro in my pocket.
Neither Aogi nor Madam have returned to their new home yet. On my way home, I thought I might have gone shopping, so I went into this house from the front door, which had been left unattended. I thought I'd be ambushed here. Normally, I wouldn't pay such a violent fee, but it seems that I was a little out of tune because of the five-yen stamp in my pocket. I went through the 3 tatami mat room at the entrance to the 6 tatami mat room. The couple seemed to be quite accustomed to the move, and they were already clinging to the tools, and between the alcove were unglazed unglazed pots with a few pale red flowers. The axis is the four characters of the Big Dipper in the temporary cover. As with the complaints, the typeface was even more humorous. It seems that it was written with a glue brush or something, and it had thick letters on the mountain, and it was bleeding in a mess. There was nothing like a seal, but at a glance I decided that it was written by Aogi. In other words, this is probably a free genius style. I went into the back four and a half mats. The porcelain and mirror stand were properly placed in a fixed place. A huge nude woman's drawing with thin-necked legs was housed in a round glass frame and hung on the wall right next to the mirror stand. This is probably Madame's room. A new long mulberry bowl and a beautiful mulberry tea bowl that seemed to match it were lined up by the wall. An iron kettle was hung on the long fire bowl and a fire was on. I first settled down beside the long fire bowl and smoked. The new house just moved seems to be sentimental. I also thought about the couple's consultation about the picture frame and the controversy about the position of this long fire bowl, and I felt that it was worthwhile for the new life. Just smoking a cigarette made me lift my hips. Let's change the tatami mats in May. With that in mind, I went out from the front door, turned from the branch folding door near the front door to the garden, and sat down on the porch of the six tatami mats, waiting for the Aogi couple.
The blue fan couple finally came back when the trunk of the crape myrtle in the garden began to turn red in the setting sun. As expected, Aogi carried a broom on his shoulder, and Madame hung a bucket full of Kusagusa's shopping in his right hand. They opened the branch door and came in, so I immediately admitted my way, but I wasn't surprised.
"This is an old man. Welcome."
The blue fan smiled while holding the broom and bowed lightly.
"Welcome."
Madam also raised his eyebrows, showed his white teeth as if he was a little more relaxed than before, and greeted him with a laugh.
I was inwardly involved. I won't say about the security deposit today. I thought I'd just lick the soba stamps. But that also failed. Instead, I shook hands with the blue fan, and, moreover, sloppy, but even hurray for each other.
As recommended by the blue fan, I went up to the living room of 6 tatami mats from the porch. I was confronting the blue fan and just thinking about what kind of work I should start talking about. When I sipped a sip of Madame's tea, the blue fan gently stood up and brought the shogi board from the next room. As you know, I am good at shogi. I thought it was okay to point to the first. It is a method that one of the shogi, the tengu, wants to do well, to take out the shogi board without even talking to the customer. First of all, let me say it tightly. I also smiled and laid out the pieces. The blue fan wind was strange. It's terribly fast. If this is also caught by it and points quickly, the king has been taken before I knew it. It was such a game style. It is a so-called surprise attack. I lost several times, and it seemed that I started to get enthusiastic about it. The room became a little tickled, so I went out to the porch and kept pointing. In the end, I lost about 10 to 6, but I and the blue fan were exhausted.
The blue fan was completely silent during the game. He settled down his legs, that is, he was holding it diagonally.
"It's about the same." He muttered seriously, keeping the pieces in the box. "Why don't you lie down? Ah. I'm tired."
I was rude and stretched my legs. The back of my head hurts. The blue fan also pulled the shogi board aside and lay down on the porch. Then, while looking at the garden that began to be wrapped in dusk with a cheek stick,
"Oh, let's go!" Shouted. "It's strange. Look at it. I'm afraid I'm afraid."
I also crawl on the porch and sneak over the black soil in the garden. I suddenly noticed. Before I said a word about the requirements, I noticed that I was sick of pointing to shogi and searching for mayflies. I sat down in a hurry.
"Mr. Kinoshita. I'm in trouble." That said, he took out the example Shugi-bukuro from his pocket. "I can't do this."
The blue fan stood up with a strange look for some reason. I also got ready.
"There is nothing."
Madam came out to the porch and looked into my face. There was a vague light in the room.
"Yes. That's right." Ao-Ogi seemed to frown and look at something far away, screaming in a hurry. "Then, let's eat rice first. Let's talk slowly then."
I didn't want to be a feast for this rice dish, but anyway, I wanted to put on only the cleanup of this Shugi-bukuro, so I went into the room about Madame. That wasn't good. I drank alcohol. When Madame recommended me, I thought this was a problem. But as I got two or three cups, I gradually settled down.
At first, with the intention of making fun of the free genius style of the blue fan, I looked back at the shaft on the floor and asked if this was the free genius style. Then, Aogi made the banks of his drunk, slightly blushing eyes redder, and laughed painfully.
"Free genius style? Ah. That's a lie. I heard that the landlords these days wouldn't lend me if I didn't have a profession. I don't. "After saying that, I laughed as if I was screaming again. "I found this at an antique shop. I was surprised that there was such a playful calligrapher, and I bought it for 30 sen. I like it because the complaint is just Big Dipper and it has no meaning. I like baldness. "
I thought the blue fan must be a very arrogant man. The more arrogant a man is, the more he wants to twist his hobby.
"Excuse me, but are you unemployed?"
I was also worried about the 5 yen stamp. I thought there must be a bad gimmick.
"That's right." He was still laughing, including the cup. "But don't worry."
"No." I tried to be afraid of Narutake. "I'll tell you the truth, I'm worried about this five-yen stamp."
Madam spoke to me while giving a drink.
"Really." He fixed his collar with his small, puffy hand and smiled. "Kinoshita shouldn't do it. This landlord said that he was so rude and good, and made him make such a strange stamp. Really."
"Is that so?" I laughed unintentionally. "That's right. I was surprised too. It's a security deposit."
"Is that so?" Aougi imitated my mouth. "Okay. Let's bring it up tomorrow. The bank is easy."
It was Sunday when I was told so. We couldn't help but laugh together.
I have liked the word genius since I was a student. I had read the genius theory of Lombro Ozoo and Shoopen Howell and secretly searched for a person who corresponded to that genius, but I could not find it easily. When I was in high school, I heard that the professor who had a shaved head in the history of the school had a reputation for ignoring the surnames and surnames of all the students and their junior high schools. I was paying attention to it, but the lecture was sloppy. As I learned later, remembering the student's first and last name and their respective junior high schools is the professor's only pride, with bones, flesh, and internal organs to remember them. It seems that he was having a difficult time to make him disabled. Now, when I talk with the blue fan in this way, I call it the bone, the head, the color of the eyes, and the tone of the voice. It is very similar to the characteristics of a genius. Certainly, that seemed to be the case at that time. Emaciation. Short boar neck. Dialogue nose voice.
When the liquor came around a lot, I asked the blue fan.
"You mentioned that you don't have a profession, but are you doing any research?"
"Research?" Aogi shrugged his neck and turned his big eyes around like a mischievous child. "What are you studying? I don't like research. I'm sure you'll give a sloppy comment on one person? No. I'll create it."
"What are you making? Is it an invention?"
The blue fan burst into laughter. Take off the yellow jacket and become a shirt
"This has become interesting. That's right. It's an invention. It's an invention of a radio light. How ridiculous it was to have no utility poles all over the world. The location is a big help. I'm an actor. "
Madam squinted with two eyes and smoked, and looked up at the oily face of the blue fan.
"No, I'm drunk. I'm always talking about this kind of mischief. Don't worry."
"What's the sickness? Noisy. Oops, I'm really an inventor. I invented this how to become famous as a human being. Look, you're on your knees. This is it. All of the young people now have a famous illness. It's a little sick and subservient famous illness. You, no, you, an aviator. Around the world A fast-moving record. What do you think? Close your eyes with the preparedness to die and fly westward forever. When you open your eyes, it's a mountain of crowds. A darling of the earth. It's only three days of patience. I don't know? I'm not motivated. Hey, he's a stubborn bastard. Hohoho. No, excuse me. Otherwise, it's a crime. You can kill or steal things, just a little bit of a big crime. It's okay. Can you find it? It's about 10 years of patience compared to the three days of an airplane, so it's Fumuki Toriwatari to your modern people. There is a good way to be ugly for those who are helped, small-hearted, but weak-minded. First of all, you can become famous in this town.
I didn't care. The face of the blue fan when I got drunk seemed beautiful to me. This face is not commonplace. I suddenly remembered Pushkin. I thought it was a face I had seen somewhere, but it was certainly the face of Pushkin I saw at a postcard or store. It is the dead face of that Pushkin, with many old deep wrinkles carved on his fresh eyebrows.
I also seemed to get drunk. At last, I put out a stamp in my pocket and still let the soba shop deliver the sake. Then we are even more. It seems that we felt each other that the crush that resembled that flirtation when we first met a person made them feel upset and wanted to let the other person know more and more with ignorant eloquence. .. We were deeply moved by the many deceptions and exchanged cups over and over again. By the time I realized, Madame wasn't there anymore. I think I fell asleep. I thought I had to go home. I shook hands on my way home.
"I like you," I said.
"I like you too." Aogi seems to have answered so.
"OK, hurray!"
"Banzai."
It seems that it was such a work. I have a bad habit of screaming hurray when I get drunk.
The liquor was not good. No, it's probably because I was in good shape. If we slipped as it was, our strange relationship began. The day after I got drunk, I felt vague as if I was a fox or a raccoon dog. The blue fan is unusual. Until this happens, I'm still single and spending my days hanging out every day, so I've been treated as a weirdo by my relatives, but my brain is just common sense. Is. It's a compromise. I have lived with normal morals. So to speak, it is even healthy. Compared to that, the blue fan seems to be out of order. It doesn't seem to be a good citizen. As the landlord of the blue fan, I wondered if it would be convenient for me to stay away until I knew what he was, and then I pretended not to know for 45 days. Was there.
However, about a week after I moved, I met Aogi again. That is in the bathtub of the public bathhouse. As soon as I stepped into the bath sink, there was one who shouted, hey. There was no shadow of other people in the chilling bath. The blue fan was alone in the bathtub. I was in a hurry and crouched down before Karan in the hot water and applied soap to my palm to make countless bubbles. It seems that he was in a hurry. I suddenly noticed, but I still deliberately slowly drained the water from Karan, washed the foam in my palm, and went into the bathtub.
"Thank you for last night." I was ashamed of it.
"No." The blue fan was squeezed. "You, this is the upper reaches of the Kiso River."
I learned that he was talking about the paint painting on the bathtub, depending on the direction of the blue fan's eyes.
"Paint painting is better. It's better than the real Kisogawa. No. It's okay because it's paint painting." He looked back at me and smiled.
"Yes." I also smiled. I didn't understand the meaning of his words.
"I still had a hard time. It's a conscientious picture. The painter who drew this, never come to this bath."
"I think it's coming. It's not a bad idea to immerse yourself in hot water while looking at your own painting."
My words seemed to buy the contempt of the blue fan, he just said, lining up the backs of his hands and looking at the ten claws.
The blue fan came out of the bath earlier. I was quietly looking at the blue fan in the dressing room while soaking in the hot water in the bathtub. Today I'm wearing a mouse pongee. I was surprised that he had been looking in the mirror for too long. Eventually, I got out of the bath, but Aogi sat quietly in a chair in the corner of the dressing room, smoking a cigarette and waiting for me. I felt stuffy. They left the public bath together and Michimichi muttered something like this.
"I can't forgive you without seeing the nakedness. No. It's between a man and a man."
On that day, I visited the blue fan again as I was invited. On the way, I was separated from the blue fan, and once I went to my house and did some hair care, and then, as promised, I immediately went out to the blue fan. But there was no blue fan. There was one Madam. I was reading the evening paper on the porch where I entered the sun. I opened the branch folding door beside the front door, cut through the small garden, and stood on the edge. When I asked if it wasn't there
"Yes." He answered, keeping an eye on the newspaper. I was sick of biting my lower lip.
"Don't you go home from the bath yet?"
"so."
"Hate. You've been together in the bath with me. You said you'd come to play."
"I can't count on you." He laughed embarrassedly and repeated the evening edition page.
"Then, I'm sorry."
"Oh. Why don't you wait for a while? Have a cup of tea." Madame folded the evening paper and sent it to me.
I sat down on the porch. The buds of the red plum grains in the garden were puffy.
"You shouldn't trust Kinoshita."
I was scared when I was whispered by my ears. Madame recommended me tea.
"Why?" I was serious.
"It's no good." He raised one eyebrow and exhaled a small sigh.
I was almost laughing. I think that this woman must be proud of the hardships of having some peculiar talented husband, imitating the blue fan's daily indulgence in the laziness of self-indulgence. It was. I was wondering if it would be an exhilarating lie. However, I am not defeated by the lie.
"Opportunism is said to be one of the qualities of a genius, but it only tells the truth at that moment. There is the word sudden change. In other words, it is an opportunist."
"I'm a genius. No way." Madame threw away my tea drink in the yard and replaced it.
I was thirsty because of the hot water. While sipping hot bancha, I wondered why I could say that I wasn't a genius. From the beginning, I was trying to find out what seems to be the true identity of the blue fan.
"It's intimidating." That was the reply.
"Is that so?" I laughed.
This woman, like the blue fan, would be either yeah, clever, yeah, or huge. I thought it wouldn't be a story anyway. But I thought I knew that Madame seemed to love the blue fan a lot. Looking at the twilight mist-blurred garden, I hinted to Madame a slight compromise.
"Mr. Kinoshita is still thinking about something. Then there is no real rest. I'm not lazy. Whether I'm taking a bath or cutting my nails."
"Well, so do you tell me to take care of you?"
I heard that it was quite unpleasant, so I asked if it was a fight with some meaning of laughter.
"No." Madame was laughing.
It must have been a quarrel. What's more, I've been waiting for the blue fan now.
"Let's be timid. Oh. I'll come back again."
The dusk was narrow and only the trunk of the crape myrtle appeared to rise softly. I touched the branch folding door in the garden, shook it and greeted Madame once. Madame stood on the porch in white, but bowed politely. I whispered in my heart that the couple were in love with each other.
Although I knew that I was in love with each other, I couldn't quite grasp who the blue fan was. Whether it's a trendy nihilist, a red sword, or a rich man, I'm starting to regret having inadvertently rented a house to such a man. That's right.
In the meantime, my ominous premonition came to me. Even after March and April, there is no sound from the blue fan. I didn't replace any of the certificates regarding the rental of the house, and of course the security deposit was left as it was. However, like other landlords, I don't like being annoyed with things like certificates, and I don't like to use the security deposit to get interest rates, as Aogi said. Well, it didn't matter because it's like a savings. However, I was weak because I couldn't pay the rent. I still pretended not to know until May. I'd like to explain that it comes from my carelessness and generosity, but to tell the truth, I was scared of the blue fan. When I think of the blue fan, I feel that it is completely unfamiliar. I didn't want to meet you. I knew that I had to meet and talk to him anyway, but even so, I was extending tomorrow tomorrow. In other words, it's probably because of my weakness.
At the end of May, I finally decided to take the plunge and visit the blue fan. I went out early in the morning. As always, when I think of it, I feel sorry if I don't do the errand as soon as possible. When I went, the entrance was still closed. It seems that he is sleeping. I didn't like attacking the sleeping trash of my husband and wife, so I just returned. I was annoyed and took care of the garden trees in my house, and finally I went out again around noon. It was still gone. This time I also went to the garden. The five Kirishima azalea flowers in the garden were in full bloom like a beehive. The red plum had scattered flowers and spread the bluish-blue leaves, and the crape myrtle had hangnail-like young leaves growing from the crotch of the branches. The shutters were also closed. I tapped a couple of doors lightly and called them Kinoshita-san and Kinoshita-san. It is quiet. I sneaked into the gap in the shutter. No matter how many times it becomes, human beings will be interested in plow. I couldn't see anything in the sky. However, I could only guess that someone was sleeping in the living room of 6 tatami mats. I took my body away from the shutter and wondered if I should call it again, but in the end, I returned to my house again. It seems that the feeling of regret that I peeked at me made me turn back so much. When I got home, there was just a visitor, and while I was having a couple of talks with that person, the sun went down. After sending the guests, I planned a third visit again. I thought I couldn't sleep yet.
There was a light in the blue fan, and there was also a front door. Who is it when you call out? There was a faint reply from the blue fan.
"it's me."
"Oh. Oyasan. Oh, it's up." It seemed like he was in the living room of 6 tatami mats.
Our air was kind of gloomy. While standing at the front door, I looked into the six tatami mats with my neck, and the blue fan was rushing to remove the bed in a slapstick figure. The face of the blue fan under the lamp looked a little old as I thought.
"Are you good night?"
"Eh. No. It doesn't matter. I'm sleeping all day. Really. It's the least expensive to sleep like this." Then I came out to the front door. "Thank you for a while."
I didn't even look at my face, and immediately turned down.
"The rent is not good for the time being," he said.
I was sick of it. I didn't reply on purpose.
"Madame ran away." He crouched quietly along the shoji at the entrance. The face of the blue fan just looks black because it receives the light of the lamp from the back.
"Why?" I was sure.
"I was disliked. I think I had another man. That's the woman."
"When is it?" I sat down on the front door ceremony table.
"Now, was it around the middle of last month? Isn't it up?"
"No. I have other errands today."
"It's embarrassing, but I lived on a remittance from a woman's parents. That's what happened."
The attitude of the blue fan, which keeps telling me, made me feel like I was trying to catch up with the customers. I took the trouble to take out the cigarette from the skirt and did you have a match? I said that. The blue fan stood up and stood up and brought a big box of good-value matches.
"Why don't you work?" I was secretly determined to speak slowly while smoking.
"Because I can't work. I don't think I have talent."
"I am not joking."
"No. I wish I could work."
I learned that Aogi has an unexpectedly straightforward temperament. I'm sick, but if I sympathize with him as it is, I can't help with the rent. I lost my feelings.
"That would be a problem. I'm also in trouble, and you can't always do this." He threw a cigarette into the dirt floor. Red sparks spattered on the cement and disappeared.
"Yeah. I'll do something about it. I have an address. Thank you. Could you wait a little longer? A little more."
I added a second cigarette and struck a match again. I was able to glimpse the face of the blue fan, which I had been worried about a while ago, with the light of the match. I suddenly dropped a burning match. It was because I saw the devil's face.
"Then, I'll come back soon. I won't get anything that I don't have." I wanted to get away from here right now.
"That's right. Thank you for taking the trouble." Aogi said so mysteriously and stood up. Then mutter like a soliloquy. "Forty-two white Mercury. If you have a lot of energy, you will weaken around you."
I got out of the house of the blue fan as if I was falling down, and was absorbed in going home. However, as I gradually settled down, I gradually began to feel that I had seen a huge amount of money. I was hoeed again. The clear tone of the blue fan and the muttering of the 42-year-old seemed unbearably deliberate and harsh. I seem a little sweet. I thought that the landlord wouldn't be very cohesive with such a loose nature.
For the next few days, I lived thinking only about the blue fan. Thanks to my father's heritage, I'm just spending my days with Raku, and I don't feel like working hard, and I don't even know that I shouldn't be able to work with the blue fan. There is no such thing, but if the blue fan really lives without any income, that alone is no longer a common spirit. No, the spirit can be heard finely, but anyway, it has a fat guts. After this happened, I thought that I couldn't be relieved unless I managed to find out what he really was.
May passed, and even in June, there was no greeting from the blue fan. I had to go out to his house again.
On that day, the blue fan was like a Spootsman, wearing a shirt with a collar and white trousers, and came out with shame on something. The whole house was bright. Passing through the six tatami mats, when you look at it, there is an old-fashioned sofa with velvet velvet in the corner near the floor of the room, and a light green velvet is laid on the tatami mat. It was being struck. The room was completely changed. The blue fan made me sit on the sofa.
The perennial red in the garden was about to open the scarlet flowers.
"I'm always really sorry. I'm okay this time. I found a job. Hey, Tei-chan." Aogi sat down on the sofa alongside me and then called out to the next room. is there.
A petite woman in a sailor suit popped out from the four and a half mats. It was a girl with a round face and healthy cheeks. His eyes were clear and fearless.
"Oyasan. Greetings. My woman."
I thought it was awful. The meaning of the smile that included the shame of the blue fan was melted.
"What kind of work is it?"
After the girl retired to the next room, I further sought out Ikuno Yabo to ask about her work. I was wary of not being fooled today.
"It's a novel."
"e?"
"No. I've been studying literature for a long time. It's finally sprout these days. I'll write a true story."
"What is the true story?" I asked persistently.
"In other words, I report that there was nothing. It's nothing. What prefecture, what village, what address, what year, what day, what year, what day in the Taisho era, what you might know in the newspaper at that time. Don't forget to put it in and write something that isn't there. In other words, it's a novel. "
Ao-Ogi is a little eloquent about his new wife, trying to avoid my gaze, scraping off his long hair dandruff and reassembling his knees. It was.
"Is it really good? I'm in trouble."
"It's okay. It's okay. Yeah." I repeated okay, interrupting my words, and then laughed a little. I believed.
At that time, the girl from earlier came in offering a silver tray of black tea.
"Look at you." Aogi received the teacup and handed it to me. He said that and shook his back. Between the alcove, the hanging scroll of the Big Dipper had disappeared, and there was a plaster bust about one shaku in height. A cockscomb flower was in bloom beside the bust. The girl half-covered her rusty face with a rusty silver tray up to the base of her ears, and glared at him with her big brown eyes. The blue fan tries to dispel the line of sight with one hand,
"Look at the forehead of the bust. Is it dirty? There is no specification."
The girl jumped out of the room as quickly as she could see.
"What's wrong?" I didn't understand.
"What. It's the bust of a child in the past. It's the only wedding tool. It's a kiss."
I didn't like it.
"It sounds like no, but the world is working like this. There are no specifications. When I look at it, I am impressed with the flowers that I change every day. Yesterday was Amaryllis. The day before yesterday was amaryllis. No, it was Amaryllis. I wonder if it was Cosmos. "
This is the hand. If you put it on such a condition again, you will be eaten by the watermark as before. Because I realized that, I was nasty and didn't deal with it.
"No. Have you started working yet?"
"Oh, that's it," he sipped a sip of tea. "I'm starting now, but it's okay. I'm really a literary student."
I was searching for a place to put the tea bowl,
"But you really can't count on it. It seems like you're overcoating another lie with that word."
"No, this hurts. I don't want to poke the facts. I know Ogai Mori, did you know that teacher? The main character of the novel, that young man, is me. . "
This was surprising to me as well. I've read the novel once before, and that Kasokeki Romanticism hasn't caught my heart for a long time, but the model is too beautiful in that hero. I didn't know it was there. It must have been so beautiful because he was a young man made up of an old man's head. The young man like Mizuren, who was dissatisfied with me, was the blue fan, even though the real young man had a lot of abominations and calculations and was more stuffy. I was so excited, but I immediately became cautious.
"I heard it for the first time, but it's rude, but it looked like a more laid back boy."
"This is terrible." Aogi gently picked up the teacup I was carrying and put it under the sofa with me. "I was happy with that at that time, but now that young man is like this. I don't think I'm the only one."
I reviewed the face of the blue fan.
"Is that what you mean by abstraction?"
"No." Aougi looked into my eyes with a quizzical look. "I'm talking about me?"
I felt a feeling of pity again.
"Well, I'm going home today. I'm sure you'll start working." I left Aogi's house, but on my way home, I couldn't help but succeed. .. It's also because Aogi's words about the youth have somehow clung to my body, and I'm strangely wilted, and I want to pray for his happiness through the new marriage of Aougi. It may be because I was feeling like that. Michimichi I pondered. Just because I haven't taken that rent doesn't mean I'm in trouble. At most, it is about the inconvenience of small money. This is one thing, let's take care of my inconvenience for that unrelenting old man.
I seem to have a drawback that I am attracted to artists. Especially when the man isn't justified by the world, he's even more thrilled. If the blue fan is really sprouting now, it's a bad idea to distract him from things like rent. This should be left quietly. Let's enjoy his career. I was very pleased with the words He is not what he was. When I was in junior high school, I found this phrase in an English grammar textbook and was refreshed, and this phrase is also the only wisdom I have received throughout my fifth year of junior high school that is still unforgettable. It's a knowledge, but I think of the blue fan that gives me some wonder and emotion every time I visit, and the phrase written as an example of this grammar, and I have a strange expectation for the blue fan. I started to have it.
However, I was hesitant to tell Aogi about my determination. It should be called landlord's guts. Perhaps, even tomorrow, the blue fan will bring you the entire rent so far. With such a secret expectation, I didn't say that I would go to the blue fan and not pay the rent from here. I also thought it would be good for both if it was the source of the blue fan.
At the end of July, I visited the blue fan again, but there will be some progress and changes in how much it is getting better this time. I went out looking forward to it. I was stunned when I went. It wasn't changing.
On that day, I immediately turned from the garden to the porch of the six tatami mats, but the blue fan was cross-legged on the porch with a single monkey crotch, and a large bowl was put in the crotch, which resembled a taro. He was stirring hard with a short stick. I asked him what he was doing.
"Hi. It's light tea. I'm making tea. When it's so hot, it's limited to this. How about a cup?"
I noticed that the wording of the blue fan had changed. But that wasn't the case. I had to drink the tea. The blue fan forced me to hold the bowl, and then quickly put on the small Yukata of the Benkei lattice that had been thrown away by my side. I sat down on the porch and had no choice but to sip tea. When I looked at it, it had a moderate bitterness and it was delicious.
"Why again. It's a style."
"No. It's delicious. I don't like writing true stories."
"Hey."
"I'm writing." Aougi sneaked into the alcove, tying up the Hyogo belt.
There was no plaster statue between the floors during this time, and instead, something like a shamisen in a peony flower-patterned bag was erected. The blue fan was stirring the bamboo hand library in the corner between the alcove, but eventually he picked up a small piece of folded paper and brought it.
"I'm collecting literature because I want to write something like this."
I put it in a light brown bowl and received a few pieces of paper. The title of the four seasons migratory bird was printed, which seems to be a cutout from a women's magazine.
"Hey. This photo is good? This is where a migratory bird lost its direction when it was hit by a deep fog on the sea, longed for the light, and just struck the lighthouse with the punishment of flying straight and died. That's tens of millions of dead bodies. Migratory birds are sad birds. Travel is a life. Hey. I have a destiny that I can't stay still in one place. The theme is that a young migratory bird, I, grows old while wandering from east to west and from west to east. My friends are dying. They are hit by guns and waves. I'm swallowed, starved, sick, and the warm sadness of the nest. You. There is a song that you should listen to the tide on the offshore fog. I told you about a famous disease someday, There's an easier way than killing people or flying, and it comes with an appendix of post-mortem fame. It's about writing a masterpiece. That's it. "
Behind his eloquence, I sniffed out the intention of something. After all, from my own mouth, I glanced at a strange woman who wasn't that girl, had a color, and had Japanese hair tied, and was sneaking into this.
"Well then, write that masterpiece."
"Would you like to go home? One light tea."
"Disagreeable."
I had to give up again on my way home. This is finally a disaster. Is there such an outcast in the world? Now I've passed the criticism and am amazed. Suddenly I remembered the story of his migratory bird. Suddenly, I felt a similarity between me and him. Not where. I felt the same body odor. It seemed like you and I were migratory birds, and that made me uneasy. Either he's influencing me or I'm influencing him is Vampire. I wonder if one of them is about to eat the other's feelings without knowing it. Isn't he trying to see what I'm coming to in anticipation of his sudden change, and that my expectation squeezes him, and even more so he has to make a change? The more I thought about it, the more the body odors of the blue fan and me seemed to be entwined and reflected, and I began to stick to him at an accelerating rate. Will Aogi write a masterpiece now? I began to be very interested in his migratory bird novels. It was around that time that I told the gardener to plant the southern bamboo near his front door.
In August, I spent about February on the coast of Boso. It was until the end of September. Immediately after I got home, I visited the blue fan with a little dried flatfish as a souvenir. In this way, I felt an extraordinary friendship with him and even had a bicep.
When I entered from the garden, the blue fan turned to me with great joy. I cut my hair short and finally looked younger. However, the color seemed to be a little confusing. I wore a dark blue single garment. I was kind of nostalgic, and I entered the room leaning against his thin shoulders. There was a chabudai in the middle of the room, and on the table were two beer bottles and two glasses, about the size of a daas.
"It's strange. I did think so when I came today. No, it's strange. So I've been waiting for this from the morning. It's strange. Well, please."
Eventually, we began to swallow the beer loosely.
"How is it? Did you get the job done?"
"That was no good. I was crazy because I wanted this crape myrtle to be full of brown cicadas and screamed from morning till night."
I was laughed at involuntarily.
"No, it's true. I couldn't do it, so I had to shorten my hair so much, and I had a lot of trouble with this. But I came here today." I almost swallowed the beer of the cup.
"Have you been here all the time?" I put a glass of beer on my lips down. A small gnat-like insect floated in the cup, struggling on the bubbles.
"Yeah." Aogi put his elbows on the table, lowered the glass to eye level, and vaguely gazed at the bubbles of the blowing beer, and said with all his might. "I have nowhere else to go."
"Oh, I brought a souvenir."
"Thank you."
It seemed that he was thinking about something, he didn't even look at the dried fish that I was offering, and he was still looking at his own cup. The eyes were sitting. It seems that he is already drunk. I scooped up the insects on the bubbles with my little finger, and then drank and swallowed them.
"There is a word that if you are poor, you will be greedy." "I think it's totally. Is there any poverty? I wish I had money."
"What's wrong? You're so happy."
I broke my knee and looked at the garden on purpose. I thought that there was no specification even if they were in conflict with each other.
"Isn't the crape myrtle still in bloom? It's an unpleasant flower. It's already blooming in March. It's a careless tree that doesn't scatter even if you want to scatter."
I pretended not to hear and picked up the fan on the table and started using it.
"You. I am alone again."
I looked back. Aogi was drinking Bile by himself, followed by him.
"I was thinking of asking you before, but what happened? You're crazy about it."
"No. Everyone runs away. There are no specifications."
"I think it's because I'm squeezing. I was talking about that one day. Excuse me, but did you live on a woman's money?"
"That's a lie." He picked up a cigarette from the nickel cigarette holder on the table and settled down and began to smoke. "I really have a remittance from my countryside. No. I think it's true that I change my wife from time to time. You. Everyone from the chest of drawers to the mirror stand is mine. You can come to and then go back anytime. It's my invention. "
"It's ridiculous." I shook the beer with sad feelings.
"I don't have money. I want money. My body is rotten. I want to cleanse it by hitting a waterfall of about 56 lengths. Then I can be with a good person like you. , You can get along with each other more and more. "
"You don't have to worry about that."
I wanted to say that I didn't count on the rent, but I couldn't. It was also because he suddenly realized that the cigarette he was smoking was Hope. I thought it wasn't that I was completely out of money.
Aogi knew that my gaze was pouring into his cigarette, and it seemed that he immediately sensed my feelings when he stared at it.
"Hope is good. It's not sweet, it's not spicy, it tastes nothing, so I like it. I think the name is good." After saying such an excuse by myself, I suddenly changed the tone. It was. "I wrote a novel. About ten. I can't continue after that." I slowly wiped the oil from both nose wings with my palm, holding a cigarette between my fingertips. "I thought it wasn't possible because there was no stimulus, so I even tried this. I saved a lot of money and saved a couple of yen, so I took it to a cafe and used it most ridiculously. You relied on your feelings of regret. "
"Did you write it?"
"It was no good."
I started to blow. The blue fan also started laughing and popped Hope into the garden.
"A novel is boring. No matter how good I wrote it, a better work was made somewhere 100 years ago. A newer, more tomorrow's work was made 100 years ago. It's closed. At best, it's just imitating. "
"I don't think that's the case. I think it's as good as the rest."
"Where do you get that kind of conviction? Don't say things lightly. Where do you get that kind of conviction? A good writer has an excellent and unique personality. A high personality is created. For migratory birds, I can't do that. "
The sun was setting. The blue fan was a fan and was constantly wiping out mosquitoes. There are many mosquitoes because there are bushes in the immediate vicinity.
"But it's also said that personality is a genius."
When I said so to my heart, Aogi showed a dissatisfied pointed mouth, but somewhere on his face certainly laughed. I found it. Immediately my drunkenness disappeared. After all it is. This is surely my imitation. One day I told the first Madam here about the genius's appearance, but Aogi must have heard of it. Perhaps that is a suggestion that he has been constantly working on the heart of the blue fan and arguing for his actions. Ao-Ogi's somewhat unusual attitude seemed to be something that didn't disappoint the words I had casually said to him. I wonder if this man was unconsciously indulging in me and working for my soul.
"Because you're not a kid, don't you think it's a big deal? I'm not just letting this house play. The rent has risen a little since last month, and taxes and so on. You're spending a lot of money on insurance premiums and repair costs. It's either the spirit of arrogance or the guts of a beggar that makes you look unfamiliar. It's okay to have this rent. "
"Ah. I wish I could blow a whistle on such a night." Aogi sent me to the porch, muttering like a soliloquy.
When I went to the garden, I didn't know where the clogs were because of the darkness.
"Oyasan. The lamp is turned off."
Finally, I searched for geta, and after hooking it, I gently looked into the face of the blue fan. The blue fan stood on the edge and vaguely watched one end of the clear starry sky glowing like a fire due to the lamps near Shinjuku. I remembered. I was worried that I had seen the face of the blue fan somewhere from the beginning, but I finally remembered it. Not a pushkin. It looked exactly like the face of an old woman with short, horn-cut white hair from a beer company engineer who was my former shopkeeper.
October, November, December, I will not go to the blue fan during these three months. Of course, the blue fan doesn't come to me either. I've only been together at a public bath once. It was about 12 o'clock in the evening, when the bath was almost over. The blue fan was sitting naked on the tatami mats of the dressing room and cutting his toenails. It seemed to be fresh from the bath, and steam was smoldering from both thin shoulders. Don't be so surprised to see my face
"It seems that if you cut your nails at night, you will die. Someone died in this bath. Oya. These days, I'm just growing my nails and hair."
I grinned and said such a thing, and cut my nails properly, but when I cut it, I suddenly fluttered and put on my nails, and returned without looking in the mirror of Rei. It was also a lonely feeling to me, and it just increased my disdain.
This New Year, I walked around the New Year holidays to the neighborhood and also dropped in at the blue fan. At that time, when I opened the front door, I was surprised to see a reddish long-body dog barking at me. The blue fan wore something like an egg-colored brew, put on a nightcap, and came out strangely young, but soon he held the dog's neck and this dog came from somewhere. I got lost, but while I was feeding him for a couple of days, he was already showing a loyal face and barking at another person, and I went to somewhere to throw it away. I said that it was boring, without greetings. I wondered if it was happening in a terrible incident, so I shook off the blue fan and immediately went to sleep. However, the blue fan chased after me.
"Oh, I'm talking about this early in the New Year, but I'm really crazy right now. I'm in trouble because a lot of small spiders are coming out to my room. If I was slamming on the edge of the brazier with the intention of fixing the bent fire chopsticks by myself, you, my wife, stopped washing and changed my eyes and came to my room. I thought I was completely mad, I said so. On the contrary, I was scared. Do you have money? No, it's okay. I didn't do anything on purpose. I really came all the way. We can't do anything about it. "
"Did you have a new wife?" I said in a nasty tone as much as possible.
"Oh." I was laughing like a child.
I thought that I probably started living together with a hysterical woman.
The other day, it was around the beginning of February. I was late at night when I was struck by an unexpected woman. When I went out to the front door, it was the first Madame of the blue fan. He was wrapped in a black-haired shool and wore a rough flying white kooto. The white cheeks seemed to be clearer and bluer. I have something to talk about, so please go out with me. I didn't wear a cloak and went out with him. There was frost and there was a clear, cold full moon in the yard. We stagnated for a while and walked.
"I've come here again since the end of last year," he said, looking straight with his angry eyes.
"That's it." I couldn't say anything else.
"I missed this one," he whispered.
I was sick. We were slowly moving toward Sugibayashi.
"What is Kinoshita doing?"
"It's still the same. I'm really sorry." I put my hands in blue yarn gloves down to the kneecaps.
"I'm in trouble. I had a fight during this time. What on earth are you doing?"
"No, it's just a madness."
I smiled. I remembered the story of bent fire chopsticks. Then, that irritable wife was probably this Madame.
"But I'm sure I'm thinking about something." I felt like refuting and putting it down.
Madam answered with a giggle.
"Yes. You become a Kazoku and then you become rich."
I was a little cold. I made my legs feel faster. Every time, step by step, the frosted soil makes a funny bass like a quail or an owl muttering.
"No." I laughed on purpose. "Why don't you start doing something without that?"
"I'm already lazy because of my bones," he replied flatly.
"What's wrong? Excuse me, how many? You said you were 42 years old."
"Come on." I didn't laugh this time. "I wonder if it's still thirty years old. Yeah, I'm young. It always changes, so I don't know for sure."
"What are you going to do? You don't seem to be studying. Do you read books with that?"
"No, only newspapers. Only newspapers are impressed with three types of newspapers. Read carefully. I read the political side over and over again."
We went out to that open space. The frost on the fields was clean. Due to the moonlight, the stones, bamboo leaves, sticks, and even the swept pool were shining white.
"You don't seem to have any friends."
"Yes. I'm doing something bad for everyone, so I can't get along anymore."
"What a bad thing." I was thinking about money.
"That's boring. It's nothing at all. It's still bad. He doesn't know what's good or bad."
"Yes. Yes. The good and the bad are upside down."
"No." I buried my chin deep in Shool and shook my neck slightly. "If it's upside down, it's still good. It's a mess, that's it. That's why I'm lonely. I can escape, that's it. It seems that two people came after that. "
"Yes." I didn't listen much.
"It's like changing each season. Did you imitate it?"
"What is it?" I didn't swallow it right away.
"I'm imitating that person. Do you have any opinions about that person? Everyone's influence from women. Literature When you're a girl, literature. When you're a downtown person, it's smart. I know."
"No way. It's like Chekhov."
I said that and laughed, but after all my heart was full. If there is a blue fan here now, I thought I could hold his thin shoulder tightly.
"In that case, Mr. Kinoshita is now imitating you, that is, he is imitating you." I said so and staggered.
"Yeah. I like that guy. If you knew it a little bit, but it's too late. It's a punishment for not believing in me." He said with a light laugh.
I kicked one of the dirt from the foot and suddenly raised my eyes, and a man stood quietly in the bush. I wore a throat and my hair was long as if it were a long time ago. We acknowledged it at the same time. I sneaked my clasped hands and gently separated.
"I came back."
The blue fan said so with a screaming voice, but probably because of the quietness around it, it sounded strangely flickering to me. Even the light of the moon seemed to be dazzling, and he frowned and stared at us.
I said hello tonight.
"Tonight. Oyasan."
I approached him for a few steps and asked him.
"Are you doing something?"
"Please leave it alone. I don't have anything else to talk about." After answering as harshly as usual, he suddenly changed to the sweet tone he had. "I'm doing palmistry because of this. You see, the sun rays are appearing in my palm. You see. Hey. It's proof of your fortune."
While saying that, I held my left hand over the moonlight and gazed at the tesuji of the sun's rays on my palm.

Is fortune open? After all, I haven't met the blue fan anymore. Whether he goes crazy or commits suicide, he thinks it's his own way. It seems that I have been feeling calm for the past year because of the blue fan. Even though I'm living a comfortable life thanks to a small heritage, I couldn't afford it so much, and I was hit by a blue fan with considerable inconvenience. What's more, it seems that it has led to even more breathtaking results that are not interesting at all. Didn't he just live by looking at an ordinary ordinary man in the shape of a dream with some meaning? Isn't there a dragon? Is there Kirinji? Already, I'm totally exempt from such expectations. They are all old-fashioned, and the colors look a little different due to the wind of the day.
 Hey. Look at it. It is a walk of the blue fan. It's a vacant lot where that paper kite is rising. Wearing a horizontal striped throat, I am walking slowly and slowly. Why, you is he so To prospect even laugh without. That's right. Is it similar? --OK. Then I'll ask you. Is there any difference between that man walking slowly, looking up at the sky, shaking his shoulders, drooling, and tearing off the leaves, and me here?



Bottom book: "Osamu Dazai Complete Works 1" Chikuma Bunko, Chikuma Shobo
August 30, 1988 (Showa 63) 1st printing issued
Parent of the bottom book: "Complete Works of Chikuma Dazai Osamu Dazai Complete Works" Chikuma Shobo
From June 1975 (Showa 50) to June 1976 (Showa 51)
Input: Takuji Shibata
Proofreading: Tomoko Niwa
Published September 12, 1999
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.

