Dried insects
Tsugi Takano

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) South wind << Minamikaze >>
-------------------------------------------------- -----

In the summer of Hamamatsu, which receives the southerly wind of the sea, there was some coolness with the shore breeze even in the prime of the day, but at night it was rather steamed due to the heat of the sea. Mushi >> There were times when it was hot.
At such nights, we laid a slip on the bed, and we sometimes imitated adults and put a wet towel on our shoulders to sleep. However, it was around August, and from the end of September, the morning sky and the evening sky became clear with a dew-like blue color.
In the daytime, when the refreshing autumn breeze was coming, my house started to dry insects.
On the day when the clothes were dried, I bent over and walked under the clothes hung on the hanging string. Then, along with the scent of camphor and sachet, it struck my nose with an old-fashioned, yet pleasant, scent that had been stored for a long time. My mother pointed to the clothes around me and reminisced, being careful not to touch me too much.
I also saw my grandfather's old pearland 《Nashiji》 kamishimo. I also saw my grandmother's sewn-patterned clothing and obi, and the leather haori that my father wore when he was young. I also learned about old textile kimonos and obi such as Kasane, which was used for my mother's wedding, Honbakihachi, Kure, and Tozan. ..
The children's Shichigo-san's celebration, Iwaigi, was also dried, but the wide-sleeved kimono with a decorative string on the back was the one I wore on my palace day. When I heard it, I felt strange, thinking of my time as a distant baby that I couldn't remember.
Also, in one place of the hanging string, a small make-up mawashi that looks exactly like Mr. Kakuriki, embroidered with gold and silver or vermilion thread on a green background, was hung.
"That's what I got because my big brother appeared in Kusazumo when he was young. Look closely, the name is embroidered. "
"Yes, there is"
While touching the tarebusa of the twisted gold thread, I found a character that stands out with Shintaro in the carp embroidery in the waterfall.
Other than that, my mother seemed to have thoughts one by one, but most of the time, I stopped listening and went out to play.
On another day, there was also a worm-dried yellowtail from my father's collection for the first time in years. On this day I went to see away.
The sword, the shaft, the old documents in the paperback, and various other utensils were lined up like an antique shop.
There was a glass bowl on a three-legged black-painted stand with a round frame on the top, but my father called it "Gearman's fishbowl".
I touched the sword a little and looked inside the paperback, but some of them were my grandfather's haiku collection and half-paper spellings such as Dochuki.
If you take a peek at the jujube of Tsukushu, which my father cherishes, it seems like a good container for my marbles. I did.
If I was still looking around, I would say, "If it's a picture, there is an interesting nishiki-e there. Look at it, "said my father, pointing to a corner.
When I picked up the nishiki-e that was tied up with glue and rolled up thickly, my father slowly loosened one side and went to the edge of the edge and stopped. Long faces, big eyes, hand towels, Janome umbrellas, willow trees, and black clogs will compete for the beauty of each color print. In addition, my eyes became depressed and I could see them flickering glitteringly.
On this rare day of insect drying, I finally made a rough appearance. I accidentally bumped into something and broke the handshake of Mizusashi, a red picture that my father cherishes. At that time my chest was pounding and I couldn't immediately ask for forgiveness. But
"I'm done, be careful from now on," my dad said again. The kindness of my father at this time was responsive to my heart and soul.



Bottom book: "Japanese famous writing 18 summer" work company
First print issued on April 25, 1984 (Showa 59)
Parent of the bottom book: "Tsugi Takano Collection Volume 2" Tanishimaya
April 1979 (Showa 54)
* "Dried insects" was recorded in the memoir "Children of the Four Seasons" in 1941.
Input: Kiyotaka Sandpit
Proofreading: Tomoko Kanno
Published July 28, 2000
Revised December 28, 2005
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
