The story of hot pot cooking
Rosanjin Kitaoji

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Menu << Kodate >>

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) Sauce [# Emphasis mark on "sauce"]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

In winter, the most welcome dish at home would be hot pot dishes. This is because you can eat freshly boiled and freshly baked.
In hot pot dishes, you never eat boiled rice. Eating freshly prepared food is the most enjoyable thing. Therefore, no dish feels as fresh as a hot pot dish. From the beginning to the end, everything from the menu to the point of boiling and eating is devised and adjusted by myself, so everything is alive. The material is alive. The cook is nervous. And because they eat freshly made food, there is no plow there. That's why I'm so happy. And it can be said that it is a familiar dish.
However, it is a story after the ingredients are fresh fish and fresh vegetables. If you're tired of what you put in, you can't do enough. This is a story that is not limited to hot pot dishes, but I would like to add it just in case.
The ingredients for hot pot dishes at home are not fixed to this and this. Whether it's the oribako that I got the night before, the yuba that I bought, the fu skin, the konjac, or the tofu, I've come up with my own ideas. You can do it in any way you like. In Tokyo, "nabe-dish" is called "yose-nabe", but in Kamigata, it is also called "fun-nabe". The reason why "fun pot" is that there is a head, a kamaboko, a duck, and various other ingredients are scattered on a platter. This is because the sama is supple, and I am looking forward to eating it and thinking about eating it.
The name "fun pot" really applies. However, I don't think "Yosenabe" is a pleasant name because it's too easy. As I mentioned earlier, "nabe-dish" has various ingredients, and there are quite a few ideas for how to serve them. If you don't pay attention to this point and treat it carelessly, it will look like a jumble of scraps.
The Kanto custom seems to line up thinly and flatly, but I'm not very impressed. You have to arrange things like blowfish on a platter, but that's a special thing, and it's best to put the ingredients for "nabe-dish" in a deep bowl. As mentioned earlier, the material can be anything. However, it is shellfish that I am not impressed with. It doesn't matter if the amount of shellfish is very small, but if you use a lot of shellfish, it will make the taste worse. Shellfish shouldn't end up spoiling the soup stock and damaging the taste of other things. Also, shellfish do not match fish and meat. Foreign dishes often use shellfish in stews, curries and soups, but they often do not match. This is probably because there are few shellfish and fish in foreign countries, so it is useful, but most of the food is broken.
On the contrary, in Japan, you can get as many shellfish as you want, so it seems that you are using it carelessly. If you use a lot of shellfish, it will be a bad dish, so it is not a good dish. Shellfish should not be mixed as much as possible.
Well, it's a dashi stock, but people have different tastes. Some people like it light. The light one is usually suitable for drinkers. It may be better to have some strong taste to eat rice. In this area as well, "Yoshinabe" goes according to your taste, so it's a perfect dish.
It is important to properly mix and prepare the sauce [# "emphasis mark"] in advance. If you don't do it with a certain taste sauce [# "sauce" as a side point] from the beginning to the end, every time the ingredients change, you can add sugar, soy sauce, water, etc. It may be spicy, watery, or have different tastes. That's not interesting. Also, when many people take turns taking care of it, this is always the case. Even if you take care of yourself by yourself, the tastes do not exactly match, so it is best to make the amount you need for cooking in advance. The taste shouldn't be too strong, but I think it's best to use the wind of the house. As you already know, to make sauce, mix sugar, soy sauce, and sake properly. You should use plenty of sake. It's fine. It doesn't have to contain alcohol, and it's different from drinking and getting drunk, so it's okay to use it. You should take the plunge and use a lot of the finest sake.
Since the ingredients for hot pot dishes are mainly fish, kelp 《hump》 is better than bonito flakes for dashi stock. "Nabe-dish" is good because everything is fresh, freshly cooked and boiled, so this is one of the reasons why oden shops do it. I don't do that because the food is good. The reason why that cheap oden is delicious is that it is waiting for the freshly made oden to be eaten, so it is not really delicious. Oden has a reputation for being delicious because it eats freshly made food that burns your tongue, but in fact, it is a poor food.
Even poor oden makes our taste happy because it is freshly made, so the "nabe-dish" that can be called tatami-oden must give considerable satisfaction. I have experience of eating oden and tempura, so I know what the taste is. However, when it comes to the hot pot dishes that I think of, they are far more expensive. The method should be creative and original.
Nabe cuisine can be said to be a home-cooked dish that is suitable for inviting people with a very friendly relationship to get along with each other in a friendly and family-friendly manner.
Next, let's talk about how to make and eat. Let's assume that you boil the sardines. If it is a pan for three or five people to eat, boil the amount of rice that the number of people eats once. If it is boiled, it will be completely raised. Next, add the vegetables. The head of the tai, such as "Kashira", often serves soup, and [# "dashi" has an emphasis mark]. However, vegetables absorb barefoot. Looking at the properties of such materials, we put the soup stock and the soup stock alternately and boil them. Then clean the inside of the pan each time so that you can eat fresh food until the end. There is such a device in how to eat.
I don't think that even one way of serving the ingredients for "nabe-dish" is exactly the same as ikebana. Ikebana is an attempt to make use of natural grass and trees as they are, so we devise various ways to do so. I think that cooking should be natural and natural ingredients should be utilized to satisfy the taste of human beings, and in addition, the beauty should be pleasing to the eyes and entertaining. The way the heart works is no different from arranging flowers.
In a normal home, I find that there is a bad habit of dealing with things in a normal way, while ceremonially decorating it with innocence only at some time. I don't think it's interesting. To try to live an aesthetic life, you can't do it only at special times. At any time, we must not forget to create beauty in everything.
My idea is to beautify everyday life. The question is how to make daily home cooking beautiful. In addition to paying attention to the ingredients, first pay attention to how to serve the ingredients and devise what to do. Ingenuity is not crafting. Ingenuity is the closest thing to nature. Depending on how you prepare the ingredients for the pot dish, it may look like a jumble of scraps, or it may look pleasing to the eye and look like a beautiful work of art. Such a distinction arises.
When you want to devise a way of serving and make it a good one, naturally there is an interest in tableware. In other words, the eyes will open to both pottery and lacquer ware.



Bottom book: "Rosanjin's dining table" gourmet library, Kadokawa Haruki office
First print issued on October 18, 2004
Issued the 5th edition on April 18, 2008
Parent of the bottom book: "Rosanjin Works" May Shobo
Published in 1993 (Heisei 5)
First appearance: "Hoshioka"
1934 (Showa 9)
Input: Hiroshi Kadota
Proofreading: Sensui Ebisu
Created January 14, 2010
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
