Nagatsuka festival collection
Takashi Nagatsuka

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Chestnut 《Hiyohiyoguri》

/ \: Double dance character (repeated symbol in the shape of a vertically lengthened "ku")
(Example) Thinning out / \
-------------------------------------------------- -----

[# 4 indentation] Haiku [# "Haiku" is a big headline]


Chinese cabbage and thinning out / \ Living in autumn

Autumn of the end of the seven years

Is it the autumn caterpillar of the Lord that should not be scattered?

Outright of the person who scratches the flower tobacco leaf

Straw mats on straw ash or autumn rain

The autumn breeze that pulls beans and keeps the 莠

Wakasagi's haze is ura and autumn breeze

About Sado A letter to my mother and the autumn breeze

Autumn water that has fallen forty-five days on the vine

High-pitched Mejiro trap in this village

Is it a treetop that moves the tail of a shrike with a squeal?

Persimmon Kufuya Adachigahara peasant family

Persimmon red treetops crossing the snake

Pick up turf chestnuts and fallen branches and fold branches

Rare two in the chestnut "Hiyohiyoguri" and here

Kazuki's Yuzu Huang at a temple in Basho

One ridge is a yellow chrysanthemum under a paulownia tree

Mow the sandpiper next to the rice field where the sandpiper lies

The flowering season of the wolf-shaped grass "Taukogi" and the weather

Under the rice plant and the flowers of the tea tree

I wonder if the autumn leaves of the valley where the trees of the flying people flow

I wonder if the bugs and cherry blossoms are colored leaves

Matsuma and cheerful autumn leaves

Dried sesame seeds and Confederate rose

Birds crowing in the autumn leaves of mushroom hunting and oak

Mushrooms shining at your feet and over the mountains at night

All the quince cubs and leaves have fallen and the autumn frost

Straw and red dragonfly that handle rice

[# 4 indentation] Nanzenji findings [# "Nanzenji findings" is a middle heading]

Kohagi smashed and shavings

[# 4 indentation] Kasumigaura [# "Kasumigaura" is the middle heading]

Smelt far away, smelt boat and smelt flower

[# 4 indentation] Kakudo discharge [# "Kakudo discharge" is a middle heading]

The sea of Seto in autumn

[# 4 indentation] Akimizu is deaf [# "Akimizu is deaf" is a middle heading]

Autumn people who do not turn to me

-------------------------------------------------- -
[# 4 indentation] Nagatsuka section chronology [# "Nagatsuka section chronology" is a big heading]

Born on April 3, 1879 (Meiji 12) as the eldest son of his father Genjiro and his mother Taka at the home of a wealthy farmer in Okada Village, Yuki District, Ibaraki Prefecture (currently Kossho, Ishige Town).
In April 1883 (Meiji 16), although he was under school age, he entered Kokusei Elementary School.
In April 1899 (Meiji 22), entered Makabe Daini High School in Shimotsuma Town.
Entered Ibaraki Prefectural Mito Junior High School in April 1883 (Meiji 26).
In the spring of 1896 (Meiji 29), he dropped out of Mito Junior High School in four years due to memory weakness. From around this time, he became familiar with tanka.
In 1888 (Meiji 31), he read Shiki Masaoka's "Books for Utayomi" (serialized in the newspaper "Japan" from February to May) and was devoted to Shiki. In June, he was admitted to Yamada Hospital in Tsukiji, Tokyo, where he was treated for memory weakness.
In 1899 (Meiji 32), transferred to Hashida Hospital in Kanda Nishikicho, Tokyo. He returned home for a draft inspection around May, but failed. He posted tanka in "New Novel" and was often selected.
Visited Negishi-an on March 28, 1900 (Meiji 33). Visited again the next day and made the ten heads of "Negishi-an" (published in "Japan"). On April 1st, he attended the Negishi-an Song Festival and learned about Sachio Ito, who will be his lifelong ally.
From April 1902 (Meiji 35), "Umi-Ryoshu" was serialized in "Kokoro no Hana". In May, "Yukuharu" nine heads were published in "Japan". Shiki passed away on September 19th. The next day, I will go to Tokyo.
In June 1903 (Meiji 36), "Masuyuki" was first published. Joined the editing with Sachio and others. Traveled to Kansai in the summer and announced "West Yuka" in "Masuyuki" in January.
In April 1904 (Meiji 37), "Alder Tree Flower" was announced as "Masuyuki". In May, "Take no Satoka" was published, which is a collection of works by Sachio and Shiki. In August, "Summer Japanese andromeda" was announced in "Masuyuki".
In January 1905 (Meiji 38), "Autumn and Winter Japanese andromeda" was announced in "Masuyuki". From August to October, travel to Kansai via Boshu, Kai, Suwa, and Kiso.
In July 1906 (Meiji 39), "Charcoal-grilled daughter" was announced in "Masuyuki". From August to September, travel to Matsushima, Yamagata, Niigata, Sado, etc. for about 40 days.
In May 1907 (Meiji 40), "Early Spring Song" was announced in "Masuyuki". In January, "Sado Island" was announced as "Hototogisu".
In January 1908 (Meiji 41), "Early Autumn Song" was announced in the final issue of "Masuyuki". In February, "Late Autumn" was announced in the first issue of "Akane". In October, "Araragi" was launched.
In January 1909 (Meiji 42), "Song of Thick Fog" was announced in "Araragi". In October, travel to Hiraizumi, Hirosaki, Towada, etc.
On June 13, 1910 (Meiji 43), the novel "Sat" was serialized in the "Tokyo Asahi Shimbun". In August, he was hospitalized and operated on hemorrhoids. In December, travel to Gifu and Kyoto.
Engagement with doctor Teizaburo Kuroda's eldest daughter Teruko in April 1911 (Meiji 44). From around summer, I start to feel pain in my throat. In January, he moved to Tokyo and was diagnosed with laryngeal tuberculosis. In February, he was admitted to Negishi Yoseiin and canceled his engagement himself. On February 24th, Teruko visited, but it ended without meeting.
In February 1912 (Meiji 45, Taisho era), he was discharged from Negishi Yoseiin and stayed in Shitaya, Tokyo. In the same month, he announced "Illness" in "Araragi" without a title. In March, I left for Fukuoka with a letter of introduction by Soseki Natsume addressed to Dr. Inokichi Kubo (Kyushu University). On the way, he was admitted to Kyoto Medical College for surgery. He was discharged from the hospital in April and arrived in Fukuoka for a medical examination. In the same month, "Sickness 雜 咏 (2)" was announced to "Araragi" under the title of "Sickness 雜 咏". After that, the songwriting stopped. In July, travel around Kyushu, Shikoku, Wakayama, Nara, Kyoto, etc. Return home in September.
In March 1913 (Taisho 2), he was examined by Dr. Kubo in Fukuoka. In April, I returned home after traveling to Izumo. In July, Sachio passed away. In February, moved to Tokyo and was admitted to Kanazawa Hospital.
In January 1914 (Taisho 3), he left Kanazawa Hospital and returned home. He returned to Tokyo in March and was admitted to the Hashida Internal Medicine Clinic. During hospitalization, he was visited by Mokichi Saito, Kenkichi Nakamura, and Chikashi Koizumi. In May, dating with Teruko is forbidden by Teruko's older brother. After leaving the hospital, he returned home, but in June, he went to Fukuoka. Stayed at Hiranoya Ryokan and received medical treatment from Dr. Kubo. On the 20th of the same month, he was admitted to the Kyushu University Hospital. From June to September, "Like acupuncture (1-4)" was announced in "Araragi". He was discharged from the hospital in August and traveled to Hinata and Qingdao. In September, he returned to Fukuoka to receive medical treatment from Dr. Kubo. In February, make "Like acupuncture (5)".
In January 1915 (Taisho 4), he was admitted to the Kyushu University Hospital again and went to the isolation room. In the same month, "Like acupuncture (5)" was announced in "Araragi". He fell into a coma on February 7, and died on the 8th. Cremated in Fukuoka. On March 14th, he will be buried in his hometown cemetery. Thirty-seven years of enjoyment.
* In creating the abbreviation chronology, I referred to the chronology by Mr. Miyoji Ueda in "Japanese Poetry 3" (Chuokoron-sha). (Aozora Bunko / Hamano)



Bottom book: "Takashi Nagatsuka Masterpiece Selection 3" Shunyodou Bookstore
Issued on August 20, 1987 (Showa 62)
* Ruby by the editor enclosed in () is omitted.
Input: Shuzo Machino
Proofreading: Satoshi Hamano
Published May 19, 1999
Revised July 3, 2015
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
