Battle of Nagashino
Kan Kikuchi

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Mikata Gahara

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Yamagata ｜ Masakage 《Masakage》

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Numbers are JIS X 0213 area area number, or base page and number of lines)
(Example) * [# "Hen + Missing", Level 3 1-86-31]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

On December 22nd, 3rd year of Genki, Shingen defeated Ieyasu Tokugawa of Hamamatsu in the battle of Mikatagahara, and almost captured Ieyasu. Ieyasu was in danger if he had to die of loyalty such as Jirozaemon Natsume.
Shingen sent soldiers to Mikatagahara because he had the ambition to enter Owari from Mikawa, attack Gifu, defeat Nobunaga, and enter Kyoto, instead of trying to attack Ieyasu. ..
Therefore, after the great victory of Mikatagahara, we celebrated the New Year at the nearby penal department "Osakabe", left the penal department on the 11th day of the new year, entered Mikawa and surrounded Noda Castle. However, as he fell into the castle, he got sick, put his soldiers in Shinshu, and he got sick, but he couldn't stand. I meditated while.
After Shingen's death | I had a mourning for a while, but no matter how much the Warring States period, the secret cannot be kept for a long time.
Many of those who were intimidating Shingen passed through Ieyasu * [# "Han no Hen + Missing", Level 3 1-86-31] << Kan >>, as it was not enough to ask Katsuyori for his successor. The best of these was the creator, Tsukurite, the lord of the castle, Okudaira Nobumasa.
The Okuhira family belonged to the Imagawa clan at first, attached to the Tokugawa clan, then submitted to Shingen, and then turned away from Katsuyori and returned to the Tokugawa clan. The small daimyo, the great tribes, etc., who are trapped between the great powers, have no choice but to follow the other side as a family protection technique. The one who got a good swimmer was the one who completed the house and gained the prosperity of his descendants.
Katsuyori was indignant when he saw the generals of his branch country upset, and entered Mino on New Year's Day in Tensho 2 to capture Akechi Castle, and in the same five years he came to Totomi to visit Takatenjin Castle. I opened the castle. Although Ieyasu was only in Hamamatsu, which was only 10 ri, Nobunaga came to Imagiri no Watari "I", but he turned back when he heard that it had fallen.
There must have been something that Katsuyori was enthusiastic about. Tokugawa Oda It must have made me wonder what to do. That would have been the pride of fighting recklessly in Nagashino the following year.
In February of the following Tensho 3rd year, Ieyasu played the new attachment, Okudaira Nobumasa, and made him the lord of Nagashino Castle.
Nagashino Castle is a barrier that works from Koshin to the approach. This is the reason why it is often "often" contested by Mr. Tokugawa Takeda. The castle is pillowed at the confluence of the Onogawa Takikawa, which is upstream of Toyokawa. Both rivers have steep cliffs and replace tatami walls. The Ono River replaces the castle moat in the east, and the Takigawa replaces the southwest.
May, 3rd year of Tensho, Katsuyori surrounded Nagashino with a large army of 15,000. Only 500 castle soldiers died and prevented it.
Torii | Suneemon Katsuyori, in order to seek reinforcements for Ieyasu, left the castle alone, looked at Ieyasu, begged for reinforcements, immediately turned back, and tried to enter the castle again. Captive by Takeda, he deceived Katsuyori and approached the castle wall, saying, "Nobunaga will run to Okazaki, Jonosuke will move to Hachiman, and Ieyasu will move to Noda. It's a famous story, so I'll omit it because it's a famous story that I was given a gravel, shouting, "Keep it firmly in the castle, and let me open my luck for three days."
On May 18th, Nobunaga Ieyasu's reinforcements of 38,000, west of Nagashino | Shitara's plateau, filled with Yamano.
However, Takeda's military affairs at this time were not down after Shingen's death and even after the death of Shingen. It was doubtful that Shingen was dead, and before the war, Inaba Yoshimichi turned to Ieyasu, and if Shingen was alive and suddenly hit him, he was scolded by Nobunaga.
Anyway, Takeda's Takena was superstitiously scared. Many of the generals of Kika, who were at risk when Nobunaga departed, and Ieyasu did not expect a victory, and he was in a position to return Nobuyasu to Okazaki.
Upon arriving at the plateau of Shitara, the army of Oda Tokugawa, Nobunaga (42 years old at this time) himself followed the Shibata Katsuie and set up his headquarters at Gokurakujiyama in Shitara Village. Nobutada Oda (19th year) followed Hidetaka Kawajiri and set up a camp on Mt. Tenjin near Yabemura Mikotonoriyo Temple, and his second son, Nobukatsu Kitahata, on Midoyama under the affiliation of Inaba Yoshimichi. In addition, Sakuma | Uemonnojo Nobumori, Shozaburo Ikeda, Kazumasu Takigawa, and Nagahide Niwa are on the eastern side of the four camps. ｜ Ujisato, Mori Shozo ｜ Nagayoshi, Hideyoshi Kinoshita, Mitsuhide Akechi, etc. The total number is 30,000. Nobunaga, who defeated Asai Asakura, came as an all-star cast because he saw it as important in this battle.
Ieyasu (34th year) was appointed to Takehiromura Danshoyama, and Saburo Nobuyasu (17th year) was appointed to Kusakabemura Matsuo Daimeijinzenzayama. This is the main camp, and the left-wing leader is Okubo | Tadayo brothers, Honda Tadakatsu, Sakakibara Yasumasa, and the right-wing army is Ishikawa Kazumasa, Sakai Tadatsugu, Matsudaira Tadatsugu, Suganuma Sadatoshi, Osuga Yasutaka. , Honda Tadakatsu, Sakai | Masachika, etc., totaling 8,000. Nobunaga | After thinking about Takeda's tactics, he devised a counter-strategy. Originally, Shingen's military art was a means of rushing in a unique way using a dense assault unit, and when the enemy's camp was seen to be disturbed, the cavalry army would enter, and always win under this tactic. It came in. Nobunaga tried to sniper with a state-of-the-art weapon gun while avoiding a head-on collision with the Takeda group. This is Nobunaga's new tactic. Maruyama in the north, Takehiro near the flow of Toyokawa in the south, between 20 towns, double-double digging a dry moat "Karabori" to build a bank, and exits every 340 minutes The wooden fence was stretched around to make it look like Meg. It is said that Takeda's advance will be blocked by this bank and fence, and he will hit him with a gun, but when he departed from Gifu, he expected this to happen and each soldier had a fence. It is said that he had an omission. It is said that the gun brought more than 5,000 at that time, but while Nobunaga was interested in this new weapon, Katsuyori only knew that he would maintain the old law of his father Shingen. The fact that he did not pay much attention was a serious omission of the Takeda family, even though there was a significant difference between the two areas of Nobunaga Katsuyori in terms of the flight to obtain the gun. The role of Nagashino shows how powerless the old tactics for bow and arrow are in front of the new firearms.
Seeing that the battlefield of Oda Tokugawa was ready, Katsuyori also evaluated the army on the 19th. He himself said, "We will cross the Takikawa as a general army and move our headquarters to Kiyoidahara, and we will have a decisive battle on the lines of Asagi, Miyawaki, Yanagida, and Takehiro." The innkeeper since Shingen, Mino Mori Nobufusa Baba, Masatoyo Naito, Saburobei Yamagata | Masakage, etc. said that this was not possible. They saw that Nobunaga, who had already praised Zhongyuan as the champion, and Ieyasu, the first on the Kaido, had brought in an undefeatable team and preparations. ..
Naito and others recommended that they retire, and if they were young and chased after the enemy's army, they should pull them into Shinshu and fight afterwards. I don't listen to Katsuyori. Therefore, if Baba and others defeat Nagashino Castle after attacking it, Takeda's name will not be hurt. Assuming that there are 500 guns in Imajo, the first 500 will be dealt with when an ally attacks. The second time it will be less than that. Thus, at the expense of not giving out a thousand, he can retire without damaging Takeda's family name, but Katsuyori, who is too proud of Takeda's armed forces, listens to Atobe | I won't forgive you. The non-war theorists, then, overtook Nagashino Castle and put in Katsuyori, the warlords of the family became the apse, and the three of us faced each other across the river, and if we took endurance measures, we would not be worried about the troops of our army. On the other hand, he said that the enemy army would lack things and resign himself. Atobe and others replied that nobunaga and others would turn back, and when they attacked from the other side, they would oppose it, so Baba and others had no choice but to fight. Atobe and others mocked and replied that it was the same whether they fought for that period or now. Katsuyori said that he would change his tactics by swearing to the flag, the unscrupulous "tatenai", which is now fighting, so the military congress was decided and ended. The flag is the white flag of the Soden since Yoshimitsu, and the shield is one of the eight territories of Ieshige's armor, both of which are useful for the Takeda clan. It was a rule that could not be changed. Thus, the words of the warlords of Chiyu since Shingen, "Kangen," were not used at last, and Katsuyori's pride and Atobe's uncertainties made a mistake in the strategy, and on top of the difference in the number of weapons, the strategy was further wrong. It is. Katsuyori was by no means a foolish general, but his tactical prestige is far from his father Shingen, and he lacks the power and insight to lead a good general, so he has the patience to suppress the old general and put himself out. .. It should have been regrettable for him that he did not go well with the generals under his banner. It is also said that behind the fact that Atobe and others strongly insisted on a battle, he fell into Nobunaga's Yokan and blindly believed that Sakuma Nobumori would betray him in the middle of the battle, but this is just a legend. Will. It is also said that Katsuyori's favourite, along with Atobe, led to a mistake in the battle with Baba, Naito, etc., but Nagasaka was dispatched to other areas at this time, so historians of posterity It's a bad word. It seems to be true that both Nagasaka and Atobe were proud of the grace of the new master Katsuyori, but it is difficult to be a dwarf who does not necessarily think of the Takeda family. Nagasaka is at the end of his life with Katsuyori and Mt. Tenmoku. Atobe is accompanied to Mt. Tenmoku anyway. It is said that there were forty-five samurai remaining at that time, so it can be said that Atobe is also a fairly loyal servant. However, their wisdom did not reach Baba, Naito, Yamaken, etc., and as a result of the controversy the previous year, they were in conflict. The year before this war, that is, at the end of the second year of the Tensho era, Baba, Naito, and Masataka Kosaka joined Oyamada Nobushige and Hara | Have been discussed. Both Katsuyori's side rapist, Nagasaka, and Atobe, who were seen as white eyes, came to that place. Naito, who is impatient, said, "This seat is a secret place for military discussions. When Shingen graduated, he was told that the Takeda clan's military aircraft should be done confidentially by all four of us. "What's wrong with your seat?" Yelled Nagasaka, "I came to the military congress during the two years of Katsuyori because I was prepared to fight Oda Tokugawa." Naito was very angry and said, "Is this wild fox guy, Nogitsuneme, trying to incite his lord to hold a reckless battle and kill the Takeda clan? If I had free time, I would swear at the bell of Mitake. " Nagasaka was also angry, and when he touched the sword, Naito stopped trying to hit him with a scabbard without having a sword to slash the brute. From such a grudge, both sides fought at the seat of the military evaluation this time, but since the non-war theorists were finally defeated, Baba and others drew the fountain of Odojiyama with a horse cassotte and decided to die. The non-war fighter still couldn't give up, and on the morning of the 21st day of the decisive battle, he made Katsuyori preach on behalf of the same non-war fighter, Masakage Yamagata, but Katsuyori said, "How many? But life seems to be regrettable. " Masakage, who retired in a hurry, came to the seat where the comrades were gathering, abandoned saying "The preaching is already useless, all killed in action", and struck a horse from the porch and closed the instep. It is said that he went to the battlefield late.
The war in which the warlord is a non-war theory cannot go well. Everyone was prepared to be killed and fought knowing that they were a reckless army.
As soon as the battle for Katsuyori was decided, Nagashino Castle was monitored by 2,000 soldiers such as Masayuki Oyamada and Masazumi Kosaka, and 1,000 soldiers were placed in the five forts below the base of Tobi Kaseki. Then, the following lineup was carried out. I intend to make a fair attack on Oda Tokugawa. That is, Omiya near Asagi | To the table "Omotenashi", as Baba Minomori Nobukado, the military commander Anayama Rikuokumori Umeyuki (Katsuyori's sister Satoshi), Sanada Genta Saemon Nobukado, Tsuchiya Uemon Shoji, Ichijo Uemon | To Yanagida Omote near the center and lower hem, such as Nobutada Daio, with Masatoyo Naito as the forerunner, Nobukado Takeda, the general commander | Nobukado (Shingen's younger brother) , Hayato Hara, Masashige Anchu, etc. In addition, to Takehiro Omote, Saburobei Masakage, Masakage, Yamagata Prefecture, Nobutoyo Takeda (child of Shingen's younger brother), Nobushige Uhyoe, Atobe Katsusuke, etc. Katsuyori himself was on the west side of Kiyoidahara with avant-garde Mochizuki Ukon, rearguard Takeda Nobutomo, and Donobu Mitsuru. Each unit has 3,000 soldiers and 15,000 general army. The leaders of each unit are all members of Katsuyori, but none of them are the winning generals, and after losing this battle, they fled to Shinshu with all their lives. Instead, the forerunner of the army was Shingen's treasured general, and all the other generals were heroes who could hear the sound, but almost all of them were killed in this battle. It is natural that Katsuyori, who lost the good general of Tomoyu, could not stand again like a tiger who lost his claws.
The war machine is finally ripe on the night of the 20th. The final military rating was held in Oda's camp. Nobunaga, Ieyasu's lieutenant Sakai Sakai Tadashi, wanted Ebisu Mai, and sang the generals, Quiver, and Haya. I think he was confident enough. It is a seat of the military congress that has been settled down. As soon as he entered the evaluation, he proposed that he attacked the bases below Tobigasu at night and cut off the retreat of Takeda. Nobunaga angry and exited when he said the tactics of detour before his senior, but secretly called in Tadashi and said, "Your tactics are the most strange, and therefore leaked to others. I was falsely angry in consideration of this, "he said, giving him the ninja sneak peek of the treasured gourd board" Gourd ". Tadashi courageously, along with Bungo Morihiro Takashi Honda, Matsudaira | Koretada Koretada, and Sadakatsu Okuhira, he started with 3,000 soldiers and Shinhachiro Suganuma as teachers. I got off in front of the Kannon-do in Matsuyamakoshi, loaded the armor and twisted the ridge, but it was dark and I was worried. Tadashi, there, he sent the guide first, tied a rope to the root of the tree, and attached it to one person | I arrived at Mt. Suganuma without a single deceased person. In other words, I did rock climbing. When I put on the armor, I rushed toward Tobigasu. In reality, Hatamoto's fighter, Nishijiro Amano, was the most spear, but Hanpei Toda | Shigeyuki, a fighter who thought that this battle would reach the dawn, was a sword of silver bleached neck. The one who got in was the most spear because it looked remarkable with the light of the slow moon and the light of the burning fire on the base. Nobody had any joints because it was a night debate, but it was profitable because he had only half-flat joints. The burning fire of the base cast light on the walls of Nagashino, but seeing that the night attack was successful, Sadamasa Castle opened the Otemon gate in one letter and greeted him. Mimasaka Okuhira | Sadayoshi Sadayoshi was the first rider, but he told the team that Sadakatsu, Sadano, Sadamasa, and his father and son were in tears. I learned about Takeda's main army, the fallen castle below Tobigasu, but in front of the enemy army, the momentum of the horse-riding tiger cannot be retired. At the dawn of May 21, 1945 (just around 5 o'clock), Takeda's entire army began to act. In the early summer morning breeze, the war horses fluttered, the flag fluttered, and the tactics were full. At this time, in Oda Tokugawa, the 3,000 gun groups under the supervision of Kansuke Niwa | Ujitsugu, etc., and commanded by Toshiie Maeda, etc. I was waiting to shoot through. Maruyama, Lieutenant Sakuma Uemon, who protects Omiya, heads for 5,000 horses and marches from Asagibe to Takeda Sei 3,000. There is an old warrior who wears a rust-colored star helmet | saddle-shaped "Kuwagata" in the armor of "Dread" and flutters a white flag. Takeda's boss Baba Mino Mori Nobufusa. When I saw that the 700 hands were divided into two, I quickly led one move and rushed into Shinichi, occupying Maruyama and ending it. And I prepared a new move in front of Maruyama. Akechi Jubei Mitsuhide, Fuwa Kawachi Mamoru, etc. came and cheered because the fragile one fence was broken by the action of God speed, but at this time, the second fence was already pushed in. However, Shinbo's soldiers were hit by gun bullets and suddenly became more than 200 people, but Shinbo was not surprised at all and removed the second fence. When Genta Saemon Sanada, his younger brother | Hyobu no Jo, and Lieutenant Tsuchiya Uemon came to Shinbo to retire, only 80 people had been killed. Shinbo retired while the Sanada brothers defended the war. As Akechi's sixty-seven subordinates approached the Sanada brothers' working spirits with a smile, he smiled at Hyobu, and said, "The last leaf of Shigei | Yukiuji Unno, the descendant of Sanada Yukitaka. However, he slashed the three horses to the left and right and abandoned them. I also died in the bullet, but my brother Genta Saemon also sprinkled a sword of Sadaji Aoe 3 shaku 3 inch and died at the same place. Lieutenant Tsuchiya Uemon also broke the preparations of Kiimori Ikeda and Chuzaburo Gamo from the sidelines. Toward Nobuyoshi Ichijo Uemon on the side, "A certain" Itagashi "was reluctantly told by Masazumi Kosaka, who died at the time of Shingen's decree last month. I lived to this day. Today, this place is the place of death. " I went ahead and came to the third fence and pulled out the fence myself. He gives his name in a loud voice, but Oda is afraid of its power and no one meets. Five rain-like bullets hit Lieutenant Uemon's helmet. He was killed in action thirty-one a year.
Although this kind of general Baba Nobuharu retired, he immediately turned back and came to the side of the three fences with only eighty hands, and scattered the preparations for the gun group such as Toshiie Maeda and Sanjuro Nonomura. Under the brave general, there is no weak graduate. However, the enemy does not approach and tries to shrug with a gun. Daio Ichijoemon came and recommended to leave the army. At this time, not only Shinbo's right-wing army, but also the central Naito repair army and the left-wing Saburobei Yamaken's army, while deeply attacking the enemy, all collapsed in front of the power of the gun. I was trying to become. In response to Ichijo's recommendation, Shinbo replied, "Let's kill Katsuyori's resignation." He fought from the side of Saruhashi to Dezawa, but when he saw that Katsuyori had fallen, he rode a horse on the hill and said, "Rokusonou | He called himself "Minomori Nobufusa Baba, a descendant of Yorimasa Minamoto no Tsunemoto, the fourth generation." Hanawa Sanjuro Kawai, a scholar of Naomasa Kurozaemon, struck down and raised his head, but Shinbo did not dare to fight. 62 years. For the sake of Katsuyori, who did not take up his own words, he finally exposed his old bones to the battlefield. He is a rare brave general who has not suffered any damage from the beginning of the eighteenth team until now, but at one point he told young men,
[# Indent one character from here, indent and indent two characters]
1. On the day when you look bravely on your side rather than your enemy, you should fight for the future. On the day when you are on your side, you should be willing to fight for death.
Second, we will use it as a model to familiarize ourselves with a number of teammates.
Third, the enemy's helmet is a weak enemy if it is depressed, and if the joint is not moved, it is a strong enemy.
4. The tip of the spear is a weak enemy, and the tip of the spear is rigid.
Fifth, support when the enemy is flourishing, and watch the decline and rush into it.
[# End of indentation here]
It is said that he taught.
The work of the Naito repair army in the center was also spectacular, but in the end it had to fall into the same fate as the army of Baba Nobuharu. He led a repair of 1,500 to prepare for Yanagida on the right side of Sakuma with more than 4,000 General Manager Sakon Takigawa, and suddenly broke through one fence. Ieyasu, who was watching the floats of both Sakuma and Takikawa troops, ordered him to enter the fence and protect himself as a messenger. Gojo | Sakuma, who is selfish, got angry and said, "The Takeda clan calls it" Mikuzuru "and laughs a lot when it collapses without fighting." Ieyasu Ieyasu said that this was not the case, so he flew his own horse and told Nobunaga what was going on. Nobunaga Immediately tried to use him as a messenger, but it was too late and he was in the process of defeating both armies. For repairs, Hayato Hara, Sakon Annaka, and Takeda Nobukado kicked one fence off the horseshoe, but Nobunaga went into the second fence and shot only guns. He made a loud noise about the repair and called, "Isn't it possible for the upper forces to fight without a gun, or if they don't have the courage to leave the fence and receive Takeda's spear?" It was good that Kazumasu Takigawa, Hideyoshi Hashiba, and the outside of the fence were just as dirty as the samurai, but they were defeated without difficulty. I crossed the shore and crossed the mud and escaped to the third fence. It is a fuss that the horse stamp with the three dumplings of Kazumasu will be taken away. However, while repairs, Hayatosa, Sakon, etc. were also dismounted and struggling, they collapsed due to a bullet. The head of the repair was taken by Yataro Asahina, a Tokugawa clan, with a command. Nobunaga's strategy was successful, and I saw Baba and Naito's troops meeting the dominoes. However, no brave warrior is an enemy to guns. Even if you say "The gun is cowardly!", It can't be helped because the opponent doesn't stop the gun. Masakage Saburobei, left wing of the Takeda army, led 1,500 horses and once crossed Toyokawa and tried to attack from the south without a fence, but he could not cross because the water was deep and the shore was rugged. Fortunately, Masakage rushed into the middle of the Tokugawa clan with the Tokugawa clan, Shichirouemon Okubo, his younger brother Jiemon, and 6,000 soldiers, who were fortunate to be in front of the fence of Takehiro. Therefore, the enemy and ally teams were opposed. It is a tremendous breakthrough in the center. Masakage, that is, the number of people was divided into two to prevent him from escaping into the fence of Okubo. Yamaken's Shihirose Gozaemon, pointing to the white hooded joint, pointing to Kosuga Gorobei's red, Okubo Shichiroemon, pointing to the butterfly of the fried feathers, the younger brother of the gold fishing mirror "Tsurikagami" It was a spectacular sight to see the inside and outside of the fence of Uemon and Takehiro Omote fighting against each other. Kosuga retired after suffering a pain, but Hirose ran around in the graceful enemies, struck down the seven warriors, and took care of the thirteen horses. It was done. While repeating fierce battles with the mountain prefectures and Okubo, the number of people who died from bullets reached 600. Masakage did not give in and fought with the knowledge that he would break the fence, but suddenly he recovered more than 200, and the number of flaws exceeded 300. However, even those who are in charge cannot be dismissed unless they bear three or more places. Masakage's own helmet's "Fukikaeshi" was crushed, and it was reported that all the bullets, including the chest plate and the string running "Tsurubashiri", had reached 17 places, so it was a strenuous battle. It can be inferred. Masakage's Shishimura Mataemon, holding down Masakage's horse's mouth, recommended that he retire and renew his morale. When I tried to return the horse there, I was already under the enemy's siege, so when I saw Zhu's front, Yamaken heard the sound, and he forgave me not to miss it. Hirose Gozaemon, Shimura Mataemon, etc. In their spare time to hold back and fight, when Masakage suddenly looked at the fence, there was a man in this army who was repairing the torn fence. .. When I saw Masakage standing and working, saying, "The fence stake is something to hit, and the knot is something to do like this," Masakage said, "He is an ordinary guy." "I'm not a stake, I'll shoot it," he said, standing on the horse, and shot from the front wheel of the bullet and saddle. He held the saddle ring with both hands, holding a hoe in his mouth, but fell down unbearably. Tokugawa's soldiers | Hashi, who leaned over and robbed him of his neck, chased Shimura and tried to escape back into the fence. Masakage At first he was called Iitomi Genshiro, but Shingen gave the Takeda family the name of a venerable mountain prefecture in recognition of his martial arts. He always talks about the military commander's knowledge, saying, "You shouldn't be like a sword twice or three times. Even a sword rusts. It is the first thing to accept the advice, "but it was no wonder that his inscription could not be understood by Katsuyori. It is said that Hideyoshi Hashiba was the samurai who had his eyes on Masakage before his death. Takeda Nobushige, Lieutenant Oyamada, and Atobe Oiryo also have another move to aim for Ieyasu, but many have already decided. Jinhachiro Mochizuki tried to pull up the defeated soldiers by boarding the place where Yamaken was killed, but nine bullets were shot at a time, and his legs and helmet were shot. At this point, Kai's military commander graduate was almost the victim of bullets, and the end of the Takeda group's total defeat. Looking at the enemy's buoyancy, both Oda Tokugawa's armies went out of the fence and moved into a chase battle. When Nobunaga's messenger came to Tokugawa's camp and told him to take the lead, Shiro Naito, who belongs to the Okubo brothers | He pointed out, "My lord does not receive the wisdom of others. Please accept Naito and tell me to reply." Spirit | Aga has a rough nose. Tokugawa's Wakizonae, Heihachiro Honda, Kohei Sakakibara, immediately rushed to Katsuyori's headquarters. While Katsuyori and Jurohei Oyamada and the other 400 horsemen of Hatamoto are killed and prevented from trying to get together in the first place, holding down the sword of Sozo Tsuchiya. , Dropped. In addition to the fact that the generals of each unit who ask for power are killed in action and seek command, the Takeda forces are also in a riot when they hear that the general general has retired. After Katsuyori, Nobutomo Takeda, Nobutada Dono, and Umeyuki Anayama escaped before Katsuyori. I crossed Takikawa and fell toward the west and north. When Toshiie Maeda chases the rout army and comes to the riverside, he tightens the stag beetle-shaped instep, puts a warrior with a top armor, and a long-haired horse into the stream, and retires quietly. I saw. He chased Toshiie | Moro Abumi, as well as the warrior who had settled down, and returned his warrior and horse head. While fighting with sparks without a gap, Toshiie | Takamata was cut and dropped from the horse. Toshiie's chief retainer, Matabei Murai, flew a horse to the place where he was about to retreat, thinking that he had caught one or two heads now, while looking down on his warrior. When he tried to take care of the Lord's hurt and fall, Toshiie said, "Don't let the enemy escape." In addition, when he confronted with the life of Beibe, he looked like a very rigid person, and suddenly slashed the bowl of Matabei's instep by half. So he was dropped from the horse on his back like Toshiie, but when he fell, he attached it to his opponent's Kusazuri and dragged them all into the river. When the opponent leaned on top, Matabe quickly pulled out his waist sword, stabbed up to two swords, and bounced back, so the person who was a sword, as expected, also came and ended. Takeda's bow captain | Yuge "Yuge" Tells him that he is a certain person. In addition to the sudden pursuit of Oda Tokugawa, the retreat of Katsuyori's master and servant was also dangerous because there were not many bridges in Takikawa. I left the flag of Soden abandoned because there was too much rush. Honda Tadakatsu's Shigeru Yanosuke Harada I seized this. While chasing Hori Kinpira Katsutada and Takeda, he mocked, "Is it a Koshu samurai to abandon the flag and run away?" I abandoned it because it was a sword, so I replaced it with a new one and raised a new capital flag and ran away. Hori said, "It's a ten million monkey. Did you kill the old generals such as Baba, Yamaken, and Naito because they are old?" When it comes to defeat, it's miserable, and it can't be helped. Katsuyori pointed to Saruhashi and retired, but he was the first Kano Hajika Denemon 32 years old and Tsuchiya Uemon's younger brother Sozo 20 years old. Katsuyori was very fond of him because he was so good-looking and strong. Sozo, noticing his brother Uemon, returned the horse twice, but Katsuyori also returned the horse each time. After Katsuyori, he was in the army of Sanshicho with Takeda Saumanosuke Nobutoyo 340 horses. Looking back at Katsuyori, he was looking at Nobutoyo's appearance, but he said, "I, Shingen's time, I was struck by the fact that I was a goddamn dark blue mud." I pointed out that Shiro Katsuyori was written on his mother's robe "Horo". After becoming the owner, I handed it over to Saumasuke, but when I look at it now, I do not point to it. It's a shame until the end of Katsuyori. Even if you give up your life, you can't pull it off. " The mother's robe was held by the elder Aoki Owari Mamoru, "he answered, and he unwrapped it around Owari's neck and handed it over. In Katsuyori's upper belt * [# A vertical bar made with "rubbing" penetrates down, 4th level 2-13-28] Then, when I try to move forward, the horse is exhausted and does not move. Kasai Higonokami When he sees this body, he jumps off the horse and says, "Call this horse." Katsuyori said, "If you leave your horse, you will surely be killed." Because of his grace, his life is light. I got it, stopped and died. By this time, I was already close to the pursuit, so I longed for the Tokugawa soldiers after 12 horses. Denemon, Souzo, and Watari cut off one horse each, and Souzo and Ikki collaborated with each other to fall. .. Yasuke picked up Katsuyori's Suwa | Hosho's instep that he had dropped into the rice field during the fierce battle of Denemon. Katsuyori fanned Sozo with a fan and worked hard, and even though he suffered a slight injury to Denemon, he took medicine himself. It is said that he crossed Komatsugase from Kurose, entered the castle of Suganuma | Gyobu Sadakichi's Busetsu, and used plum vinegar to treat his thirst. It is said that Katsuyori's general died, but he did not go down to 10,000, Oda Tokugawa's death and injury, or 6,000. Anyway, Nobunaga set up a fence in Mie, which prevented Takeda's warrior warrior from assaulting him, and tried to squeeze Takeda's magomago with a gun. It says. It is a modern tactic of making a wire fence, waiting for it to get caught, and strafing with a machine gun. Nobuharu Baba and Masakage Yamagata can be struck by these tactics as long as they are alive. It is a pity that they did not go for a fight, but rushed and died without stopping at the main command from Katsuyori. Katsuyori died on Mt. Tenmoku in the 10th year of the Tensho era, but Takeda showed his defeat in this battle. Nobunaga, who defeated Yoshimoto by playing with a strange soldier desperately in Okehazama, is thinking about perfect tactics here by asking a large number of allies. A general who cannot eat. It should be said that it is unavoidable that Katsuyori and others are far from reaching. Historians say that the unification of the world was due to the introduction of guns, but the Battle of Nagashino was the first time that the power of guns was fully demonstrated.



Bottom book: "Japanese Battle Tan" Bunko Bunko, Bungei Shunjusha
Issued the first print on February 10, 1987 (Showa 62)
* For the bottom book, make a large "ga" (ward point number 5-86) ("Mikatagahara", etc.) when counting things, and a small "ga" ("Mikatagahara", etc.) used for place names, etc. I am.
Input: Amisako, Susumu Ohno, Juki
Proofreading: Takashi Tsuchiya
Created July 16, 2009
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
