Young leaves of oak
Koseki Sato

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Yukishiro "Yukishiro" water

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) Haya [# Emphasis mark on "Haya"]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

Even if I remember it now, that time clearly comes to my mind and is drawn in my eyes.
It was before April 24th, 35 or 6 years ago. I'm a 12 or 3 year old boy. My father is 37 or 8 years old. He must have been an overflowing and energetic magnificent man.
Haya [# "Haya" has an emphasis mark] has traced the snowfall water of the Tone River from downstream to upstream. The fish called Haya [# "Haya" is a side point] is not enough to praise it as delicious, but as the spawning season approaches, the activity suddenly becomes active, and the red shell from the head to the flank and the end of the tail. The light red "color" appears as if it were printed with "gara", and it becomes a beautiful luster as if it were proud of its beauty. And in search of a kind of flavor for the small eggs on the belly, the people of my village go back from the Shimosa no Kuni far away every spring [# "Haya". I went fishing to the Tone River, which flows with splashes.
While it was still dim that morning, our father and son were sent to the shore of the rice field by their mother, left the house, and went to the bottom of the Tone River cliff.
My father skillfully used a two-and-a-half pole. In a light two-and-a-half ken, I used the white feathers of a waterfowl as a mark on the road thread, and ran the surface of the water on the side of the water, which reflected the color of the dawn, by pulse fishing.
When I saw that I was busy catching fish, I found that the Tone River at that time had a lot of [# "Zuibun" is "Zunbun" in the bottom line] and many haya [# "Haya" has an emphasis mark]. Probably. In a few hours, the fish basket was full. The sound of the fluttering fish in the fish basket was transmitted to my body from the string tied around my waist, which made me very happy.
I'm hungry.
"Let's go home"
My father looked at me with a smile and said. The morning sun had already risen to the sky. A breeze in the late spring morning pats the young leaves of the weeds in the dunes and flutters the feathers that mark the threads.
Migiwa's pebbles were beginning to sway slightly.
I responded to my father's words with my heart and did not answer by mouth. The fish hit is so busy. The movement of the current landmark was my father's words, "Let's go home," when he was hit by a fish, a fan of the wind, or a sigh of judgment.
Slightly gave a fan to the tip of the rod and lightly hooked it together, and it hung. The fish moved downstream in the middle layer of the water to escape. After all, the movement of the white feathers of the waterfowl was around Haya [# "Haya" as an emphasis mark].
"Let's go home"
I answered while removing the hook from the mouth of Haya [# "Haya" as an emphasis mark].
The hem of Mt. Akagi is to the west, the hem of Mt. Haruna is to the east, and Mt. Komochi and Mt. It is Mt. Tanigawa and Mt. Shigekura that two white mountains wear distant haze in the high sky through the slack that connects Mt. Komochi and Mt. Onoko. It seems that the mountains on the Joetsu border to the north are still in winter.
I climbed the cliff slope of the Tone River and looked all the way to the remaining snow in Okuyama. Then, I stepped on my father's footsteps and walked.
When I approached the wooded area, my father
"Look at this"
Saying this, I pointed to the branch of oak. I wondered what it was, and I looked at the oak twigs that my father pointed to. On the branches of oak, young shoots with a broken oak skin, which had just broken, showed slightly light green young leaves.
"Look at this oak bud. When these buds drop the birch-colored bark and grow into leaves about the size of Tenpo Sen, young ayu will come up from the distant sea. "
This way, my father explained to me with a deep memory. And that is around the time when the Tango festival in May has passed. Around that time, I heard the cry of the river Chidori on the riverbank, but the river Chidori flew in the sky while chasing a flock of sweetfish from the sea of Shimosa. That's right. So, when I saw Chidori River fluttering on the stream, temporarily living and fluttering on the surface of the water as if aiming for something, the flock of young ayu was already there. You can think of it as climbing upstream, with the brink of round pebbles lined up. Said in detail.
The two were sitting on the grass by the roadside before they knew it.
"When the sweetfish comes, let's catch as much as we can"
Tell me to remind me. He was a really kind father.
Then, a long time passed. However, the memory of this day does not go away. Every year, when early summer comes and I see the blue leaves of oak growing as much as Tenpo-sen, my father's face is drawn on the surface of the leaves. Then, he smiles with a smile.
My father was a person who was completely incompetent in running the family. In other words, he was a person who was really indifferent to the economy. As a result, my house had one less rice field and two less fields every year.
However, when I look at my old home without a sword, I don't feel any grudge against my father. There is nothing in my memory other than a kind father.
The appearance of sweetfish comes to my eyes. When I hold the caught sweetfish in my hand, my father's love revives. The father in the basement and the sweetfish are all confused.
The figure of a thin father standing in a nagisa with a rod in place. If I stayed at home, the father of a good person nodded to what the villagers said ...
Looking at my white 鬢 《bin》 hair reflected in the mirror, I was deeply moved to think of my appearance, which resembled my deceased father's hair every year.



Bottom book: "Sekiseki fishing essay" Tsurijin Novels, Tsurijinsha
First print issued on September 10, 1992 (Heisei 4)
Parent of the bottom book: "Fishing essay" Citizen's library, Kawade Shobo
Published in August 1951 (Showa 26)
First appearance: "Fishing book" remodeling company
Published in 1938 (Showa 13)
Input: Hiroshi Kadota
Proofreading: Sensui Ebisu
Created April 30, 2007
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
