Natto battle
Kan Kikuchi

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Wake up your eyes

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) 7 o'clock |
-------------------------------------------------- -----

One

Have you ever heard the voice of natto sellers? If you don't oversleep in the morning and keep your eyes awake from early on, it will be around 6 or 7 in the morning, and in winter, from the dim hours when the sun hasn't come out yet.
You will hear the voice coming to sell with a pitiful clause, "Natto, natto!". However, it seems that there are not many natto sellers in the countryside, so if you live in the countryside, you may not have heard of it yet, but in the towns of Tokyo, natto sellers are sold every morning. One or two will surely come.
I was rather oversleeping, but sometimes when I was awake in the floor while it was still dark in the morning,
I often hear the voice of a merciless woman selling natto, saying, "Natto, natto!"
Every time I hear a voice saying "Natto, Natto!", I remember playing a prank on my natto seller's grandmother when I was still in elementary school. is. Every time I remember it, I feel embarrassed. I regret that I did something wrong. I'm going to talk about that now.
When I was still twelve, my house was in Takejimacho, Koishikawa. Then, I went to the Rekisen school near the Denzuin in Koishikawa. On the way to Rekisen School, I met 45 friends in the neighborhood and a blind grandmother of natto seller every morning. It was an old woman who was over 60 years old. He looked like a poor grandmother, and even in winter, he piled up tattered skirts and looked like he wasn't wearing tabi socks. And while holding a couple of natto bracts, with a pitiful voice,
They are selling while calling "Natto, Natto!". When I saw the poor figure walking with a cane, it seemed that I would buy it at most of the houses.
At the beginning, even if we rubbed against this grandmother, it didn't matter who the grandmother was, but one day. When we see a grandmother who sells natto, a child named Kichiko, a tofu shop who is said to be the general of mischief, walks from the other side to us. Facing
"Hey, I'm going to play a trick on my grandmother, so come see me."
I thought we should do it, but after all, it's a mischief of twelve, so I wanted to see what kind of mischief Yoshiko would do, so I just stopped by Yoshiko. After that, I followed from "after".
Then Yoshiko rushed to the side of the grandmother and went to the side.
"Hey, grandmother, leave natto," he said. Then, the grandmother muffled her mouth,
"Is it a bract of one coin or a bract of two coins?"
"It's a penny!" Yoshiko said to scold. When the grandmother slowly put out a straw sword, Yoshiko said,
"I don't like that. Leave that one," he said, and suddenly he pulled the two bracts in his grandmother's hand. The grandmother, sorry, is blind, so she doesn't realize that she took two bracts instead of one. When you receive a coin from Yoshiko,
While saying "Yes, thank you", I went to the other side again.
Yoshiko showed us the bracts of the two coins he took from his grandmother,
"How about, I've rolled up two bracts with one coin," he said to brag about his mischief. Taking two coins with one coin is worse than mischief, but it's so bad because we were children who had no idea at that time. Unexpectedly, I was impressed that Yoshiko successfully took the bracts of two coins, as if he had done something wrong.
"You did it well. Grandma didn't know anything, thank you very much, hahahaha," I said, and everyone laughed in unison.
However, even though Yoshiko successfully rolled up two natto from his grandmother, it does not mean that he will take anything to school and eat it. When he went to school, Yoshiko handed us natto one by one.
"Now, I'm going to play a battle. This natto is a gun-maru. I'm going to hit it." We broke up into two groups, Futakumi, and fought a natto battle as if we were in a snowball fight. I threw natto at the enemy while screaming. And I played an interesting battle.
The next morning, on the way to school, we met an old woman who sells natto. Then, Yoshiko
"Hey, does anyone have a penny?" I remembered that yesterday's natto battle was fun. I immediately handed over the money I had to Yoshiko. In the same way as yesterday, Yoshiko cheated and took two natto with one coin. On that day as well, we had an interesting natto battle at school.

Two

The next day. We met an old woman who sells natto on the way to school again. On that day, it wasn't just Kichiko. It became interesting for me too, and I cheated and took two bracts with one coin. Then, the friends of "others" outside
Everyone cheated on the bracts of two coins while saying, "Please give me a coin." Grandmother
While saying, "Yes, thank you.", The two bracts in my grandmother's hands turned into two or three while I was looking at them.
On that day and on that day, we deceived the bract of two coins from this grandmother. When a good old woman returned home and looked at the sales, she probably noticed that she was fooled by us because she didn't have enough money. It seems that he gently told the police box police officer, Mr. Around.
We didn't even dream that the grandmother told the policeman, one morning when we came across the grandmother, the usual Yoshiko
"Now, I have to buy a gun-maru today, too."
"Hey, grandmother, I'll get you a coin," he said, trying to get the bracts of two coins, just like when. Then, it is exactly that time. Suddenly, there was a squeaking noise of shoes, and when the policeman hurriedly slammed him, he took the right wrist of Yoshiko, who was holding the bract of two coins. , I clenched it tightly.
"Hey, how much natto did you buy?" Asked the policeman in a scary voice. No matter how much I'm Yoshiko, the hungry general, I can't stand to meet the police officer. Becoming blue, swaying,
"It's a penny, it's a penny," he cried. Then, the police officer
"It's a thick guy. Isn't this a bract of two coins? During this time, this grandmother spilled when her natto was stolen, but you guys did this kind of mischief. Did you come to the police box? ", I tried to drag Yoshiko. Yoshiko started crying. We were all doing the same bad things as Yoshiko, so they were all blue and buzzing. Then, while being dragged by the police officer, Yoshiko said, "I'm not alone. Everyone did it. I'm not alone." Then, the police officer, "Around", stared at us with a scary eye, while looking at us.
"Then, say everyone's name and see." When I was told that, we couldn't bear it anymore
"Wow." I started crying all at once.
Then, it was a natto seller's grandmother who stood still by the side. When we heard the voice crying together, I thought that the blind eyes of "Mekura" were suddenly shattered.
"Already, my husband, please instinctively. It's a mischief of these little boys in Hong. It wasn't a bad feeling. "Please," soothed the policeman who was still on the lookout. When I look at it, the grandmother is full of tears in her eyes. When the policeman heard the grandmother's words, he finally let go of Yoshiko's hand.
"If my grandmother says that, I'll give it a try. If I do this again, I won't know." Then, as if the grandmother was finally relieved,
"Come on, boys, come to school soon. From now on, I'm not going to play a prank on this grandmother anymore." When I was looking at my grandmother's invisible face, even into the hole, I was full of shame that I wanted to crawl in and regret that I had done something wrong. became.
Since this happened, we haven't stopped this mischief until I tell you. What's more, even General Yoshiko, the hungry demon, seemed to be much quieter than before. I thought I had to do something to give back to the natto seller's grandmother. So when I got home from school that day,
"I don't buy natto at home," he asked his mother.
"Do you want to eat natto?" Said her mother.
"I don't want to eat it, but there is a natto-selling grandmother who seems to be sorry," he said.
"If you buy with that kind of mindset, you can buy it from time to time, because your father is your favorite person," said her mother. Said. Then, every morning, when I heard my grandmother's voice, I got some money and bought natto. And I usually bought natto from my grandmother every morning until the grandmother stopped coming.



Bottom book: "Red Bird Masterpiece Collection" Shincho Bunko, Shinchosha
Issued on June 25, 1955 (Showa 30)
September 10, 1974 (Showa 49) 29th edition revised edition
October 15, 1989 (Heisei 1) 48 prints
Parent of the original: "Red Bird Reprint" The Museum of Modern Japanese Literature
1968 (Showa 43) -1969 (Showa 44)
First appearance: "Red Bird"
September 1919 (Taisho 8) issue
Input: Yukio Hayashi
Proofreading: Atsushi Suzuki
Created June 16, 2005
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
