Sleeping forest princess
Perrault
Translated by Masao Kusuyama

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Wish << Cancer >>

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) I | 10,000 << Man >>

[#]: Inputter's note: Mainly specifying external character notes and emphasis marks
(Example) Tsumu [# Emphasis mark on "Tsumu"]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

One

Once upon a time, there was a king and a queen. Above all, they were saddened that they had no children. How sad it was, I couldn't even say it. For that purpose, I tried to offer various devotion to the temples, such as crossing the seas of the world and praying for God and making a pilgrimage to the temple. , It was useless.
But then, the truth of devotion finally arrived, and the princess was born with a baby. So, I decided to give a ceremony for a baptismal baptism, and the godparents of the princess, Hime, had no witches from all over the country. It was called. The number was seven in all. According to his own witch friend, the seven witches were supposed to bring their own gifts, one by one. Therefore, from the time I was born, there was nothing that the princess couldn't find in the world.
After the baptismal ceremony, all the seven people who were called returned to the king's castle, where they wanted to have a fine feast for the witches. On each table, there is a set of plates, sara, and tableware of Sakazuki, which are in a large gold box, a spoon. , It's a knife, it's a fork, so this piece was made of pure gold, studded with diamonds and rubies.
By the way, when I arrived at the dining table with everyone, I suddenly saw when and where I came from, and a very old witch came into the hall. However, the witch wasn't called to this seat.
That's because this grandmother's witch, fifty years ago, was trapped in a tower, hiding herself, and is now dead or magical. It was thought that he had been struck by "Mahou" and had something to do with it.
The king hurriedly arranged a set of tableware in front of this witch. But it wasn't the pure gold Junkinsei in a big gold box anymore. After all, there were supposed to be seven customers, so I could only do what I wanted to do before seven. Then, the grandmother's witch, only herself, was mumbling and saying something in her mouth, as if she had been squeezed.
At that time, one of the other young witches was sitting next to me and quietly listening to my grandmother's screaming words. Then I found out that this grandmother was planning to give something bad to the princess, so when the meal was over and everyone got up from the table, the witch was just a brood parasite. It was a gift. It was hidden in this way, and no matter what the grandmother tried, she said that she would erase the cursed words as soon as she came out after that, and said that she was a princess. 》 I wanted to give it as a gift to you.
In the meantime, the witches finally decided to give the princess the words of a gift. Among them, the youngest witch said that she might be the most beautiful person in the world. The next witch said, "I hope you will have an angelic feeling." The third witch said that she should be gentle and graceful with the princess's behavior. The fourth witch said that she should be good at dancing without any slack. The fifth witch said that she should sing with a gentle voice, like the nightingale. The sixth-ranked witch said that any musical instrument "Gakki" should take the name of the master "Meijin". Finally, it's the grandmother's witch's turn. The witch shook her head in a humorous manner, saying that the princess would be injured and die when her hand was stabbed by the spinning wheel [# "tsumu" as an emphasis mark].
This terrifying gift surprised everyone so much that they could get rid of it, and no one couldn't cry for the princess 《Hime》. At that time, a young witch came out of the shadow and said in a very loud voice:
"No, the king, the queen, okay, your great prince will not lose your life, but I will curse you once from this year. You don't have the power to squeeze it in. You'll probably have a pinch in your palm, but you won't be fooled by it. At the end, it won't be blinded for a hundred years, and just in the hundredth year, a prince from a country will come and scorn his eyes. It will be. "

Two

The King wanted to somehow avoid the grandmother's emphasis mark [# "emphasis mark"] [# "emphasis mark"]. So, on that day, I wouldn't go around the country and use the [# "emphasis mark" on the spinning wheel] to pinch the spinning wheel. Don't even keep a single pinch [# "emphasis mark" in your house] in your house. The one who disobeyed it became a strict and good me when I was sentenced to death.
Well then, 156 years have passed. At one point, the king and the queen went out to play at the palace, Rikyu. One day, a young princess came to the castle, wandering around the castle. In the meantime, I went up from the bottom to the top and finally entered the small hill at the top of the tower. When I saw it, there was a good-looking grandmother sitting alone, pinching the thread with a pinch [# "tsumu" as an emphasis mark]. It seems that this grandmother didn't hear the harsh king's touch that she shouldn't use Tsumu [# "Emphasis mark"].
"Grandmother, what are you doing there?" Asked the princess.
"Oh, cute jo-chan, I'm pinching the thread," said the grandmother.
This grandmother didn't seem to know who the princess was.
"Well," said the princess. "How beautiful it is. How do you do it? Look at me. I want to see if I can do it."
The princess said, and picked up the pinch, but did she have to hold it, or did she hold it in a hurry and like a splash, or the curse of that bad witch, Yojo? As soon as the words came to express the sign, Tsumu [# "Emphasis mark"] suddenly touched the princess's hand, and the princess fell down there. I did.
A good grandmother called a person in a hurry. Everyone went out from there and from here in the castle. Pour water on the princess's face, loosen the kimono with a string, tap the palm, and use the medicine called Queen Hungarian's water to squeeze the temples [# "Emphasis marks"]. At first glance, the princess did not hold her breath.
By the way, the King heard this rustling and came to visit us immediately. Then, while remembering the Yogen [# "Yogen" side point] of the witch "Yojo" 15 years ago, I took the fact that it was such a stuffed animal [# "Umei" side point]. The princess was sent as it was to the highest level of the castle, and the gold and silver were stuffed. [# "," Is "." In the bottom.] It was.
It is not the beauty of a princess who sleeps comfortably on top of her begging. It was almost like a little angel. Even though it wasn't crowded, it had the same face as it was alive, and the cheeks had a pink color, and the lips lined up the sango [# "sango" with emphasis marks]. It was like. Although my eyes are closed, I can hear a faint breathing sound. It turned out that the princess wasn't dead, and the people around her were happy.
The King was strict and advised to keep quiet until a person came and woke up.
By the way, I decided to put the princess to sleep for a hundred years, and finally, the good-hearted witch who stopped the [# "emphasis mark" in "life"] was just when this rustling happened. I had been to Matakan, a country that was far away from the village, but I immediately received this news from the dwarf I was using [# "dwarf" as an emphasis mark]. The dwarf was called "Nanari Tobi no Nagatsutsu", and he wore a long one with seven ri in each stride. So, the witch, Yojo, left there and got on the fire car that was struck by the dragon, and in just one hour, she arrived at the king's castle.
The king helped the witch out of the carriage by hand. The witch said that everything the King did was fine. However, since he was a witch who could see the future very well, what should I do if the princess wakes up a hundred years later and is alone in this old castle? I didn't understand, and I thought it would be a problem.
What did you do there? The witch wields a magic wand, except for the king and the queen, and nothing in the castle is left behind. From the soba-zukuri maid, Jochu, from the Miyauchi officer, the official, Omoteyakunin, the chief cook, from the cook number, Ryoriban, and the cooker, Suijigakari. , Kitchen boy, sentin-waiting, lady-in-waiting Swiss soldier, and even the little runner, Komono, touched with a cane. Then, in the same way, a horse sleeping with a wand, a peeling dog playing in the backyard, a hand sleeping on the princess's begging | Even "Chin" was touched by everyone with a magic wand.
As soon as I touched it with a magic wand, I fell asleep without any regrets, and I never woke up until the princess woke up, and whenever I could do something for the princess, I wouldn't wake up. I was supposed to wake up and serve. Even though I fell asleep, the roasted meat in front of the kamado fell asleep with the pheasant and the meat of the copper pheasant in the comb. All this was done in the blink of an eye. The witch "Yojo" is a very fast work, isn't it?
Well, there, the king and the princess gently cheeked on the princess's cheeks and went out of the castle. Then, I gave a harsh touch to the whole country that no one would approach the castle.
However, I didn't have to bother to touch it. The reason is that in less than fifteen minutes, many tall trees and barbed trees began to grow in the garden surrounding the castle, and in the meantime. This is because thorns, grass, and bushes were entwined like a wire fence, and neither humans nor monsters could pass through it.
That's why, after a while, the only thing you could see from the outside was the top of the castle tower. You can't see it unless you're too far away. It turned out that this was also a wonderful work of the witch. In this way, while the princess was asleep, she couldn't even come to peep for half the fun.

Three

Well, 100 years was just like a dream. One day, the new prince of the king, who was in control of the country, passed by the sleeping forest.
This prince is a prince of another royal family who has finally died and has been replaced by a family of sleeping princesses. On that day, he went hunting. It's a hunting road. So, when I found the tower of the castle from a distance, I asked a person near me what the tower was in that forest.
Everyone answered what I was hearing.
One of them said that it was an old ghost castle "Arejiro" with a ghost [# "emphasis mark" on "Yurei"].
Then, one person said that it was a place where the magician of this country, "Mahou Tsukai", and the bad Miko [# "Miko" as an emphasis mark] had a night party.
Among them, most of them are castles where people have lived for a long time, and when they catch small children, they all go there and kidnap them. As you can see, I made a forest that I could go through so that I wouldn't be able to follow it, and I would eat slowly in it.
The prince didn't know which of these to believe, so he was confused. At that time, one person from the old age in this land, the surname 《Sho》, said:
"Prince, I'm sorry, but I heard from my father fifty years ago-that he also said that he originally heard from his old man. But-in this castle, it's a beautiful princess princess, Hime, who has been sleeping for a hundred years, and just a hundred years later, a prince of a king. Is waiting for you to come and wake up. "
When the young prince heard this story, he thought that his body would be full of hot blood. By all means, I thought that I had to put on this rare event by myself. In addition to being a beautiful princess, I feel like the honor of opening the magical castle of Mahou, which can't be put in, is pushed from behind, even if it's my own. Then, I decided to work on that task.
Therefore, the prince went all the way toward the forest, and all the big trees, low trees, grass and thorns passed by. After going all the way along the wide road, I finally arrived at the castle in the back.
By the way, what surprised me a little was that when I look back on it, there is nothing that comes with my servant, Keirai. The reason is that when the prince entered, the mouth of the forest soon closed. However, the prince went on steadily regardless. A young, kind and fiery prince is always brave.
The prince eventually went out into a large large garden. The first thing I saw there was horrifying, even bone-thickening, without knowing any scary things. Everything was so reluctant that I felt like you were. Here and there, what we can see is that humans and animals are all squeezing out their limbs, as if they were all dead. However, even if you see the nose of the Swiss mercenaries standing there, drinking alcohol and cheeking red cheeks, these guys are all asleep. I quickly realized that it was. What's more, the tea bowl that I had in my hand still had drops of sake, so I knew that Nakama and Sakamori's sake had fallen asleep.
The prince then went through a large marble-clad sword to the top of the sword, and entered the guard's shoulders, and the guards fired a gun. I was laying it on my shoulder and scratching the high-pitched sound. Then go on and go through some of the huts, where the gentlemen and the ladies are standing and sitting. But everyone was asleep without any worries. At last, the end was a shimmering, gold-filled haze. There was a fine sword, and in the four sides I gave it, a beautiful thing that was unique to the world appeared. Perhaps a princess about 156 years old was sleeping with a bright glow. Surprisingly, the prince squeezed his swaying legs and knelt in front of him.
Now, the power of magic "Mahou" may have finally come to an end, and the princess suddenly woke up. Then, with an indescribable gentle eye, he stared at the prince.
"You were the prince," said the princess and smiled. "You've been waiting a long time."
When the prince heard this word, he didn't know how to express the joy of his heart. The prince said that he might have more of a princess than he really did. The story of the two was so muddy that it was better to say that they were crying rather than talking. The words tended to stagnate, but the gentle heart Izumi flowed out vigorously.
Besides, the prince has a bad rule and is just surprised, but the princess has been showing an interesting dream "dream" for 100 years. No matter how much I talked to him, he wouldn't be able to talk about it. So they had been talking for four hours, and they couldn't talk about half of what they wanted to talk about.
While doing so, everyone woke up with the princess, both here and there in the castle. Both he and he remembered their work. By the way, for the time being, everyone didn't want to have Kuro [# "Kuro" as an emphasis mark], so I was hungry and felt like I was going to fall. Lady-in-waiting | The head, like other people, was so hungry that I couldn't stand it, so I wanted to make a loud voice, princess, and dinner. I said that I was able to do it. The prince helped the princess to stand up. The princess used to look pretty good, but after all, it's just like the prince's grandmother's kimono, which she did 100 years ago. I did. No matter how fashionable it was, it didn't change the beauty or cuteness of the princess.
By the way, the two went out to the mirror between Kagami. There, the princess-in-waiting lady-in-waiters stood at the waitperson about the dinner table "Shokutaku". In the meantime, the violin and the wooden flute "Kibue" played the old song "Kyoku" 100 years ago. It must have been a hundred years old song, but it was still fine music "Ongaku".
When the meal was over, the priest, Daisojo, guided the two to the castle's chapel, "Annai," and completed the wedding ceremony. Lady-in-waiting | Head "Gashira" drew an emphasis mark [# "emphasis mark" on "Tobari"] for the two.

4

The two slept very little that night. The prince returned to the town the next morning after being separated by the princess. The King of the Father went back to the place where he was longing for him.
While the prince was hunting [# "Kari" is "hunting" in the bottom line], he went down the road in the woods and went to the charcoal-grilled hut of the eaves. I stopped by and talked about the fact that I was allowed to eat cheese and black bread. The King of the Father was a nice person, so he really did what the Prince said. However, the mother's princess immediately told the prince that she had a satori.
Two years have passed since then. Two children were born to the princess. The older child was a girl, who was named "Morning". The younger child was a boy, who was named "Daytime". The reason is that my younger brother was much finer and more beautiful than his sister.
Two years later, the king was ridiculed and the prince became the new king. For the first time, I got rid of the world and informed the whole country of the gradual marriage of the princess. Then, with the fine ritual "Gishiki", we welcomed the princess from the sleeping forest again. The princess put her two children on both sides, lined up a beautiful procession of carriages, and boarded the king's castle.

It is difficult to wait for a beautiful, fine and good-hearted person. However, by waiting, happiness is better than it is, and it does not go away.



Bottom book: "World Fairy Tale (British / French Fairy Tale) Witch's Gift" Komine Shoten
Issued on May 1, 1950 (Showa 25)
* The original notation has been renewed based on the "Working Guidelines for Rewriting Works Written in Old Characters and Old Kana to Modern Notation".
* In the bottom book, the heading "Ichi" has an indentation at the top of the page, so the indentation was different from the other headings, but they have been unified.
Input: Yu Okubo
Proofreading: Akika
Created January 21, 2006
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
