Rice ball rice
Nagai Kafu

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) First << first >>

/ \: Double dance character (repeated symbol in the shape of a vertically lengthened "ku")
(Example) Ahida / \
* Double the dance character with dakuten is "/" \ "
-------------------------------------------------- -----

Sato, a rough man who was a member of the Fukagawa Koishiba-cho guard, escaped from the fire to the vicinity of Kasai Bridge in the air raid on the night of March 9th, and his eyes turned bright red from between his heads. However, when I saw the color of the grass on the floodpass embankment and the flow of water, I confirmed that I had been the first to pick up life.
However, I have no idea where or how I escaped. On the way to escape, he lost sight of his wife, who had a child, and called her voice as much as she could. Even now, I don't know where or where it was. In the smoke swirling in the southwesterly wind that blew all night, the crowd was rubbed and rubbed, and I couldn't go back or go ahead. It was more difficult than being swept away by myself. In the meantime, when the crowd became a little sparse and I thought it was much easier to breathe and visit, I was so tired that I couldn't take another step. As it is, I can't stand up when I'm sick of it. When I noticed, I carried a kimono and food on my back as much as I could, so I took it down, staggered and stood up, looked around the front, back, left and right, and Sato was the first place to go. I knew where it was.
At the end of the wide road rising high to the tip of the toe, you can see the pillars of the railing of the bridge, the clear sky spreads far away without obstruction, and the breeze that still blows is sharp. It makes a noise and blows the sand on the road, trying to blow down the unburned trees standing under the embankment and the burnt pillar-only hut. All over the place, while the nightwear chest of drawers was thrown out, a man, a woman, or a child who was exposed to sand dust approached the "Ahida / \", that is, some of them took care of an injured person. Or there are some that eat things without hesitation. From the other side of the bridge, I saw two trucks with a police officer and a nurse on board, running toward the burns where Sato had escaped. It was even more pitiful to be fainted by the breeze of the crying voice of a child while the loud voices of many people calling and screaming. Every time Sato hears those voices close to him / \, if he hears the voices of his wife and Akanbo on the way, Rikusaku at his feet walks toward the voice. It wasn't once or twice.
The group of evacuees gradually increased from nowhere as the morning sun shined brightly, but no one could see Sato's face. With the irresistible dry throat and the pain of being exposed to the cold wind, Sato re-carried his horny luggage on his back and went to the crossing of the bridge to see the Hiro of the Arakawa drainage channel leading to the sea. / ″ \ The view is horizontal. Under the bridge, there are many unburnt fishing boats connected between the dead, separated by the slowly flowing water, and the thick pine trees on the opposite bank. It seemed unbelievably calm to see the thick trees standing up. People who picked up life wandered on the bridge, on the embankment, and on the sandy ground near the water. Sato walked up to the water's edge, took down his throat again, took down his luggage, washed his eyes before his face, and dusted his clothes full of burns. After that, I threw out my legs, which were sticky, and lay down on the spot.
Then, a young mother wearing a muddy monpe next to her and wearing a furoshiki on her cheeks held a 45-year-old girl with a hood and a large furoshiki wrap. However, while making the eyes that turned bright red in the same way / \
"I'll ask you a little, but can't you go back to Toyo Park yet?"
"Well, how are you? Because it's still burning. Mom. Is that around?"
"Eh. I'm Hirai-cho. I ran away for a while, but I got lost on the way. I'll know where to go." "Everything" makes me cry.
"You may not be able to understand this turmoil right now. I am also in trouble with my wife and Akanbo."
"Well, you too. What should I do?" Said the mother, crying loudly.
"Because there is no specification, you will see if a town council was formed in the burn. Rather, mom. Do you have any idea of the destination?"
"My house is far away. I'm Narita."
"Is it Narita? Well, which way should I go to the town council and get a certificate? I'm thinking of taking a break and going to see it. I'm Furuishiba. I was there. "
"Oh, there's another cousin in Gyotoku. I'm thinking of going there and seeing it."
"If it's Gyotoku, you can walk. Isn't it better to go to a shelter near here? I also have a house I knew in Ichikawa. What does that area look like?" After seeing it, I'm thinking of thinking about it. If it's a beggar, it's the same as a beggar. There are no specifications. "
Sato also turned his bewildered eyes toward the sky where the wind was screaming, from the top of the embankment.
I heard a voice calling out, "Please come to the neighborhood to get the meals."

Sato made a colander and a basket in Ichikawa and wholesaled it to make it easier to do business with the owner of the house, so I asked him to lend me a room. Then, I sometimes went to Tokyo for sale, doing bamboo work and carrying a high broom "Takabauki" made at a nearby house. Each time, I stopped by the neighborhood where I lived, and investigated the life and death of my wife's child, but I couldn't help. I thought at least the place where the corpse was, but I couldn't understand it.
In the town of Ichikawa, which escaped the fire, the young leaves of the forest of Kounodai became blue day by day, and the cherry blossoms on the banks of the Mama River were scattered all the time. One day, Sato carried a bamboo basket on his back and carried a broom with a broom, and when he went out from Asakusabashi station on the provincial line to the bridge, it was burned out under Kasai bridge that morning. Then, when I ate the cooked rice, I met the mother who broke up and walked one step ahead, as if she had got off the same train.
For no reason, that day was conceived, and Sato later called out, "Hello, mom."
"Oh. Iro / \ Thank you for your help at that time."
The same kind of feelings floated on the face of the mother who looked back. If you look at it, you'll become a better woman today than when you first saw it under Kasai Hashimoto. The year is twenty-three. Youthfulness that can be seen as a woman who has not married yet because she does not bring children. The thin face with dripping hair that shrinks from under the towel covered with cheeks is white in color and has a charming spill on the mouth. The appearance of the re-tailored Monpe was neat, and the appearance of carrying a square furoshiki on his back made me wonder if he would be a peddler in the same way as himself if he wasn't shopping.
"Mom, have you come back to this place?"
"Yeah. I'm still there."
"What is Atsuchi? Is that a deed?"
"Eh."
"Well, don't you understand that?"
"It was better not to know when. There is no telling if the police burned it with a lot of dead bodies."
"It can't be helped because it's fate. I still don't understand."
"There are no more specifications than giving up on each other. We just can't do it."
"That's right. I don't know how well you're doing just because your child helped you. Compared to me ..."
"It's a dream when you think about it."
"Did you find any good business?"
"I sell candy and walk around. I sometimes bring vegetables with me. I'm wondering if it's just the food for my child ..."
"As you can see. If it's Gyotoku, it's a straddle from Ichikawa. I'll let you know if there is a good business. The address is ..."
"It's the Fujita Tsuteifu family in Minamigyotokucho □□. There is a bus for Yawata. Take it and get off at the Aikawa Tsuufu stop. It's home. "
"I'll ask you one of them."
"I have a little money at the post office in front of Susaki, but I can't get it."
"You can get it. You can get it at any post office. You are a victim. If you have a passbook."
"The passbook is just for the people at home."
"That's a problem. But it's okay. I'll ask you when I go there."
"I'm sorry. Iro / \ Thank you for your help."
"From now on, which direction is it?"
"I'm thinking of going to Ueno to see it. From Hirokoji to the edge of the pond, there are some spots / \ left unburned."
"Why don't you go around and see it? Shitaya can't burn near Ueno."
The weather is good and the weather is good. When they talked and sold the unburned towns, they sold unexpectedly well, and when they came to Yamashita, someday there were few candies, no brooms, and only three bamboo baskets left. It was. Sitting on the stone steps in front of the stop, the two opened their cell phone lunch boxes and started eating rice again.
"How was the rice ball at that time? I was able to eat it at that time. I was surprised that the raw brown rice" Namaki "added a little bit of sand."
When the mother was squid, she divided the tsukudani of the small girl fish "Konago" into Sato, and Sato replied that the beans were boiled. The mother talks about how small girls can be caught in Urayasu, which is nearby, so she doesn't have any inconvenience with her lunch box.
Sato thought that he had never eaten while talking so interestingly from the time he lost his wife's child until today, and it made me feel unhappy and irresistible.
"Hey, mom. You. What are you going to do in the future? I don't feel like living alone for the rest of my life."
"Well, what are you doing? For now, I'm thinking that I should eat and go."
"If you just eat, you don't have to worry."
"If you're a man, you may have to work as soon as you work, but there aren't many women alone who have children."
"So, hey, mom. How is it? I'll be alone and you'll be alone. Isn't it possible that the ties are different? Don't you feel like you have a strange connection? "
Sato urged her to squeeze her complexion, constantly looking at her complexion.
Mother has nothing to say. However, he didn't seem to be surprised, he didn't feel embarrassed, he didn't feel bad, and while he was charming from beginning to end, he made a vague face as if Sato was still going to say something. Watch the movement of his mouth.
"Mom. It was Chiyoko."
"Eh. Chiyoko."
"Mr. Chiyoko. How is it? Let's do it. Why don't you look at me with me? Let's get together and earn one profit. Isn't there a war? I can't say a loud voice, but it's a story that won't be long anymore ... "
"Really, it doesn't come off quickly and there are no tips or specifications."
"What was your business when it wasn't burned?"
"I was a laundry shop. I'm very good at it. However, I'm getting more free in the war, and I don't like the terrain" Jitai "drinking ... . "
"Are you sure? Is your husband a good person? When you come with me, you can't drink or smoke. That person is second to none."
"Yeah, I don't know. If you like alcohol, you won't be able to finish it. You can make bad friends ... I don't have any specifications for this time, but I don't like it. I've been forced to do Mohi. "
"A woman for sake. When she grows up, she comes with a sword that is a match for the game."
"It's totally. I didn't have a good place to go. The place was between my eyes and nose ..."
"I'm guessing. I didn't have a lot of trouble."
"Well, really. I've always thought about having no children / \."
Around the time, there was a line of people trying to buy a train ticket, and the eviction victims were rushing around, and it seemed that the two of them weren't even disappointed. Suddenly Sato grabbed Chiyoko's hand, and although Chiyoko wasn't pulled separately, she leaned over Sato's lap.

When the truce came, various stalls began to appear in every town, usually due to the vicinity of the stop, as if to wait for it late.
Sato and Chiyoko set up an oden stall in front of Ichikawa Station on the provincial line, in a vacant lot at the site of a store that had been cleared early during the war. Since the local people have been acquainted with each other for a long time, Sato's shop is the closest to the entrance and exit of the station among the stalls that have a bamboo blind, and is the most accessible to the people. Occupied the place of.
Shortly after the year changed, the world was surprised by the blockage of bank deposits, but it seems that only the workers who receive daily money and the merchants of the street stalls are more convenient in their pockets than the rise of goods, and the shops in the town are on the day Despite the fact that the doors were closed as the sun went down, the stalls in the open space turned on the lights every night until about 11 o'clock.
It was around that time that night was thought to be at that time. In front of the pot in Sato's shop, there is a female ream man who appears with a slapstick. A bird cap and half trousers. The woman has white powder lipstick on her eyebrows. Hair curly and blue muffler cheeks. Wear a scotch-striped cloak. Looking at his personality, Sato
He picked up Kanzake sake bottle while saying, "It's irritating. Do you want to put it on?"
"If it's hot, I'd like to hope that it's not synthetic sake."
"This is a luxury item. You can tell by looking at it."
"I'm grateful for that," said the man, giving another tip and letting the woman drink it.
"What did you think? That Tamajiyasei /" \ Even if you inspire, it's half as much. "
"I was thinking about it too. I was silent because I couldn't even say it before I was there."
Both of them talked quietly while paying attention to the surroundings. From time to time, it was Chiyoko who came to the store after putting her child to sleep every night. Chiyoko looked straight at the light of the lamp and looked at her face with the momentum of the guest standing in front of the pot.
The emotions of astonishment and suspicion flashed on the two sides like electricity, but they seemed to be confused with each other and could not say anything to Ara.
The customer man grabbed a banknote bundle "Satsutaba" from the pocket in Yaba and said, "Accounting, how much."
"Three glasses of sake." Sato looked at the small plate of oden and said, "It will be 434 yen."
"I don't need a surplus," he threw out five 100-yen bills, and the man went out as if he grabbed the woman's arm. The outside is pitch black and the wind is blowing.
"Well, let's get rid of it," said Sato, who lifted a large pot of unsold oden in both hands and lowered it. Chiyoko, who saw off the outside when the customer went out almost unknowingly, made a terrifying look on her face.
"you."
"What is it? Do you have a funny face?"
"You." Chiyoko snuggled up to Sato and said, "There is no difference. I'm alive."
"Alive. Who."
"Who are you? That. You."
"That person. I'm sure."
"That. Are you that person?"
"Let's go. You. What should I do?"
"Isn't there a woman who looks like bread / \?"
"I know if it's Saudatsu."
"It's a breeze that I saw in the dark shop. Tomorrow, I'll come again."
"What will you do when you come?"
"What are you doing? If you get angry, it's your heart. If you tell me to go back, what would you do?"
"I won't worry if I feel like it. I've said it, you're already. I don't know. My body, something I haven't done since last month."
"I'm crazy. Then I have some thoughts. I'll just talk about the translation and decline."
"I know if you will cut it off and accept it quietly."
"Don't go for something I don't understand. First, even though I had a child with you, I wasn't registered, and I wrote a letter to a country house just in case. I've done the right thing with this Kotsuchi. I can't say that I don't listen to what Kotsuchi says. "
The two of them talked to Sato as soon as possible to register Chiyoko as a way to reject the offer of her ex-husband, even on the way to the rental room.
The next day, one night a day, I was waiting, but the man did not show up. It's been two or three days, and it's been a month or so, but I never saw it again.
The weather has changed completely. The stall oden and soup powder are about to start simmering in the ice shop, and soon the Urabon is approaching. Chiyoko may have seen a person who suddenly saw the store's Shimahiki on a cold night in the wind of the night, which looked like someone else's "Sora ni". At any rate, I felt weird that I wasn't lost from the world, so even though I was very hungry, I asked him to take my child to Hokekyoji Temple in Nakayama. I went. He also prayed for a safe fetal delivery to the demon mother god in the precincts.
One day, Sato, who went shopping for preparations in the town of Shinkoiwa, came back and talked about this.
"That man is a bakery / \ shop as I saw. There are fifty-six houses in Asuko. Mostly they were burned out of Kameido."
"Oh, let's go. Kameido."
Chiyoko's ears seemed to have a meaningful and emotional impression of the word Kameido.
"It seems that Kameido has been hooked for a long time, but you.
"The back is a rice field, and the front is a prospect from the traffic. Someday a woman is doing the laundry with one Syumy's, so when I think about it, my husband is a groove board or something at the store entrance. Fix it. "
"You. Look up."
"I thought I couldn't figure it out until I could find it. It was for you. I got a tea fee of 70 yen."
Chiyoko didn't burn shaobing, and on the next day, she immediately went to Hokkekyoji Temple to thank her.



Bottom book: "Furusato Bungakukan Vol. 13 [Chiba]" Gyosei
First edition issued on November 15, 1994 (Heisei 6)
Input: H.YAM
Proofreading: Yoneda
Created January 29, 2011
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
