Story of Japanese performing arts
Shinobu Orikuchi

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Is it a sword?

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) [# 5 indentation]

/ \: Double dance character (repeated symbol in the shape of a vertically lengthened "ku")
(Example) Dan / \
-------------------------------------------------- -----

[# 5 indentation] I. Occurrence of performing arts and words [# "I. Occurrence of performing arts and words" is a middle heading]

Congratulations to each other. Please, with the help of all of you, I will try to achieve the purpose of this society, and as I continue to work hard, I will discover and develop a new good purpose, that is also. \ To get it done, I have no choice but to ask for your help.
Regarding performing arts, I would like to ask everyone to think about it, but in general, what is the meaning of performing arts used in China and what is used in Japan? , Because it is very different, the performing arts that I have just begun to use at the Ministry of Education are in line with the example of performing arts that means China. I think that the word "Japanese performing arts" probably appears in the end of the Heian period. It will also appear in / \. As you know, Noh is a state with a heart and a letter underneath, and the abbreviation of the letter is changed to a Noh letter, and at the end of that, it is pronounced [# "Nou". It came to me like a sideline. Originally, it was written in the style of performing arts. In that state, "immediate ability" means impersonation. Immediately, it is called performing arts by combining art and voice, so if you look at the lower school collection that came out in the Yoshino dynasty, you can see that it is a kind of voice gate. Can be done.
At first, the word "entertainment" is used for the performing arts gate, that is, the performing arts gate, but the classification is inaccurate, and it is also related to the imperial family and politicians. It's a cluttered classification that crawls into the world, but it's usually a cluttered word such as Dengaku, Sarugaku, Sarugaku, etc. I think you can think of it as the same as the performing arts.
This performing art is not something that can be treated as an art, but it is in a slightly different position, and I think that we are in the category of performing arts now. In other words, music, drama, songs, and other things that can be enjoyed by the general public are called performing arts.

[# 5 indentation] About two ways to use [# "About two ways to use" is a middle heading]

We are now using this performing art in a slightly higher sense, and I think that the natural range is wider than in the old meaning, but originally it is the right one. Because there is, I think that it is okay to use the word performing arts in the sense of sauifu. This is because the word performing arts did not naturally live from mouth to mouth, and in some times the word performing arts disappeared, but in recent years the word performing arts has revived again. I have been doing it.
About this, the word "entertainment" has been created, such as the Ministry of Education-style performing arts department. Therefore, there are two performing arts with different meanings here. At the information bureau, the word "entertainment" is used in line with our thoughts.
After all, the meaning of performing arts, which we call at our academic society, is now in the form of something that dispels the performing arts of the educational world, but I think that is the main path.
In any case, one word has a very different meaning-it is very inconvenient to have two ways to use it, so I think it is better to be biased to one side or the other. I will.
In that sense as well, I think it is important for us to work.

[# 5 indentation] Three of our goals [# "Three of our goals" is a middle heading]

That's why we talk about it, but I would like to move forward together with you, but in the end, I wonder what the purpose of the conference is. Will be. As I said earlier, when we climb a small mountain, we think that there is only one mountain at first, but when we climb that mountain, there is one more mountain. If you go up the mountain, there is one more step up. I think it has the same relationship as a one-act play and a play with many curtains. If you go up one act, it will become a one-act play, but when the one-act play is completed, there will be one more mountain. If you go one step further, it will look like there is a mountain again, and I think that a drama with a large number of curtains will be created. There are people who are closely related to modern drama, so it's possible to say that there isn't much reason for drama, but I'm afraid that amateurs are like a singer. I'm thinking about it.
I think that our purpose will come to a new purpose once we reach a certain point. I think that is what I am most interested in as an academic society. It's easy if the purpose is fixed from the beginning.
However, there is certainly one thing we can say about our first purpose.

[# 5 indentation] [# middle heading] 4 Attitude not to be trapped by foreign Tema [# "Tema" sideline] [# middle heading end]

As you know, it happened on top of Japanese performing arts, but a long time ago, a nasty art that was unreasonable for performing arts came from abroad. Immediately, I came from China, Korea, and the western region, and as a result, the traditional performing arts of Japan have disappeared. This is very disappointing, but it makes me wonder if I have something to resist.
But it's not all performing arts. There is a regret that Japanese performing arts have disappeared due to lack of resistance to the extremely complicated and large performing arts. However, it would be very unfortunate for the Japanese if we continue to do so in the future.
If the old Japanese in performing arts had something that could not be defeated by the performing arts with a large organization that came from the continent, the Japanese life would be happier than it is now. Let's do it. If the descendants after us repeat their regrets, it means that we were truly unfaithful to our descendants, rather than our disgrace. .. Moreover, it cannot be said that there is no tendency in reality in some respects. In other words, it's not just music, dance, and drama.
Most art is related to mood in addition to the direction of acceptance, that is, the person related to that mood works on us and dominates our real life. Then, one big tema [# "side line to" tema "] is struck by us and we are pulling us. That is the biggest problem for us.
In other words, with a sloppy fickleness and a flirtatious heart, we are willing to accept a considerable amount of foreign performing arts in the current period, but it fits in the place where it should fit, and we have it. There is no criticism about how much harmony can be achieved with what is being done, and it seems that we are trapped in a foreign country [# "Tema" sideline] and flow away. Then, I think it's a good thing.
Even if we don't tell you, I think there are many people who have already come to terms with it. Therefore, it is very happy for us that the world has changed to a cute style just before we become fundamentally foreign-style life. It's a very painful happiness, but anyway, we are now enjoying the very painful happiness that blood oozes from our bodies. At this time, we must solve this problem by all means. If left unresolved, those after us will inherit the spiritually conquered form of foreign culture for foreign cultures because we made a mistake in the right steps. Become. In other words, we must not be conquered here because of an incorrect foreign culture.
However, art is international, and since it is international and humane, there is a tendency to wonder if it is possible.
Therefore, the world will become a natural, humane, international, nationality-free thing. I think this is a terrifying power of art and performing arts.

[# 5 indentation] 5 To investigate the essence of Japanese performing arts [# "5 To investigate the essence of Japanese performing arts" is a middle heading]

When we renew our efforts once and see the essence of Japanese performing arts, and also think deeply about foreign arts and performing arts, we come across it now. It is a reminder. By the way, our general attitude will be decided here.
In other words, it is a Japanese-style performing art that is used to praise it in order to build up our fundamental vitality, without the simple meaning of excluding foreign performing arts culture. Deepen research on. By doing so, it is possible to properly select the performing arts culture that crawls in from abroad. It also means that we started the Kauifu Performing Arts Society, and I believe that you agreed because you felt the purpose of this society there.
There are also actual performing arts and artists, but at the same time, since we are scholars, we fundamentally look at the arts and performing arts of our country from the standpoint of being a scholar. Then, you will be able to study our performing arts yourself. By the way, I am confident that what should be solved will come with a solution. So, although it's urgent, academics are no longer like an airplane coming over our heads, but sooner or later a big airplane will come over our heads. is.
So now we have to prepare a big cannon for it. This cannon is not a cannon to shoot it off, that is, if our scholarship is to the Japanese people-the Japanese people have a history of not making appropriate choices, but the people of the people Depending on my vitality, even if I make a mistake in the selection, I will be able to make a mistake and move forward without losing it, so I was very happy in that respect, but will such a happy state continue in the future? It is a mistake to decide that it will continue, so it is necessary to prepare a large cannon for our national life.

Since my story is so poor, it may seem that I have just explained it in the application direction or in the process of dealing with it in the present world. At the same time, as we are, we will hone our studies in all areas related to performing arts, and we will solve various problems by ourselves. I would like to proceed with my research. In that sense, I hope that you will continue to study with each other. Therefore, I think it is a good idea to include people who have the ability to execute in part in our society. The ability to execute is, in other words, the person who actually performs the performing arts, the person who grasps the essence of Japanese performing arts and calls on the world with it, and the person who is a part of us. I think it will be.
It was a very confusing story, but at the start of the Performing Arts Society, I would like to mention some of our intentions.



Bottom book: "Shinobu Origuchi Complete Works 21" Chuokoron-sha
First edition issued on November 10, 1996 (Heisei 8)
Parent of the original: "Shinobu Origuchi Complete Works 17th Volume" Chuokoron-sha
Issued on March 25, 1967 (Showa 42)
First appearance: "Entertainment Vol. 9, No. 6"
Issued in June 1943 (Showa 18)
* The "June 1945" Performing Arts "Volume 9, No. 6" written under the title of the bottom book has been moved to the "First appearance" column at the end of the file.
* The title when it first appeared is "About Japanese Performing Arts".
Input: Hiroshi Kadota
Proofreading: Kengo Uematsu
Created January 24, 2020
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (https://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
