Japanese modern detective novel
--Especially for Mr. Ranpo Edogawa--
Hatsunosuke Hirabayashi

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Without going back

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Naturalism |

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Numbers are JIS X 0213 area area number, or original page and number of lines)
(Example) 2 [# "2" is a Roman numeral, 1-13-22]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

[# 5 indentation] 1 [# "1" is the middle heading]

Detective novels, especially from ordinary novels, are viewed with a special eye and viewed with a special scale of criticism, as if the detective novel is innately promised a special value. I think it is a mistake to regard it as such.
For example, even assuming that Conan Doyle is, after all, only a second-class writer in Britain, it cannot be said that detective novels have only secondary artistic value. It is an argument that does not touch the value of the detective novel itself, just because Conan Doyle's artistic genius does not appear in the second class or higher. Was there any evidence of this as an American writer of the same age as Allan Poe who had more artistic genius than Poe? With the former reasoning, in this case, it was argued that the detective novel was the novel with the highest artistic value.
Detective novels are just novels dealing with detective cases, and there is no difference in value or elevation between them and general novels, as mentioned above, but detective novels develop. Of course, certain social conditions are necessary for this. Detective novels cannot be born until a certain social environment is created. The social condition, or environment, in a broad sense, is the development of scientific civilization, the development of intelligence, the development of analytical spirit, and the development of methodical spirit. And in a narrow sense, crime and its search method become scientific, arrests and trials are carried out on the basis of solid physical evidence, and the completed written law establishes the order of the state. It is to maintain.
Although you can't tell for sure unless you look it up, fingerprints, which are an important element of detective novels, were probably applied to actual detectives earlier than the novelist's imagination. Also, as an extreme example, even though Sam on the subway is a habitual criminal of rubbing [# "slip"], he is not caught by the government just because he cannot control the current situation, and in the novel Although there is no such thing, it is certain that the main character of "Death Penalty or Innocence" serialized in this magazine ["New Youth"] will be acquitted because there is no direct evidence, despite the myriad of suspicious points. This is a phenomenon that occurs only after arrests and trials are conducted under the law of. From these examples alone, you can see that the conditions I mentioned earlier are necessary for the emergence of detective novels.
Therefore, detective novels first appeared in the 19th century in the West, and have become the most popular reading material in recent years. In Japan, detective novels have only appeared for the first time very recently. However, it is not too late for a detective novel to appear in Japan. Modern novels, if not dating back to Boccaccio, have at least quite famous works in the eighteenth century. However, modern novels in Japan cannot be traced back to the 178th year of the Meiji era at best. The emergence of detective novels, thirty-four years after the first appearance of modern novels, is by no means too late compared to Western examples. In addition, detective novels adapted by Kuroiwa Shuroku and others were already welcomed by general readers in the 20's of the Meiji era, and translated detective novels have absorbed a large number of readers over the last few years.

[# 5 indentation] Two [# "two" is the middle heading]

Given the fact that Japanese civilization is, in many respects, half or a century behind the West, and about the same in the development of modern novels, Japan should be named a detective novel. It seems natural that there are few works and few detective novel writers have appeared yet. That is because the Japanese scientific civilization has not reached the level of producing detective novels.
It seems that many people thought that the reason why detective novels did not develop in Japan was that Japanese houses were isolated, open and unsuitable for secret crimes, but that is only part of the reason. You can list as many reasons as you like. For example, one reason is that the country of Japan cannot be the stage of international crime because the Japanese are easily distinguished from the Westerners due to their racial relations, and the Japanese are bureaucratic. The reason may be that there is little room for activities such as private detectives because they are Japanese citizens. However, they are some of the major causes, and in the end, all the causes are embryonic in the place where Japanese life and civilization are scientifically childish and primitive. ..
Then, as the scientific civilization progressed, the concentration of wealth with the development of capitalism, the emergence of millionaires, the splendid life, the development of margin trading, the increase of fraudulent acts such as government officials and merchants, etc. Various similar life phenomena will increasingly stimulate the detective novel interests of the general public and make detective novels flourish. At the same time, as the people's thoughts began to rejoice in scientific and methodical reasoning, a kind of novel as a reading material that gave it intellectual satisfaction drove out the traditional novels of ordinary life records. It can be said that it is inevitable that it will come. No matter how these novelists cherished the single signboard "artistic" for the rest of their lives, it would be a traction force that would attract readers if they produced works that were exhausted of creativity, thin, and like the appearance of bancha. It is getting weaker and weaker. Looking at the literary appendix of "first-class magazines", I think that I am not the only one who does not have a desire to read. A couple of writers have heard that they dye detective novels, but this is a matter of course, and unless the writer deliberately downplays or despises the reader, he will never do it. I don't think the work will be "artistically" of little value. And since readers are reading pretty good Western detective novels, there's no reason to be welcomed to provide this so-called "smart" reader with boring reading material. Detective novel readers, like activity photography enthusiasts, are a kind of group critic. Fan criticism is often more rigorous and impartial than professional criticism. There is a fear that a ridiculous "fall of value" will occur if you are accompanied by a crowd psychology, but from the criticism of Taikomochi, which is influenced by emotions and friendships. However, it can be said that there is little risk of losing strictness.
So far, Japanese writers who have published detective novels include Junichiro Tanizaki, Haruo Sato, Masao Kume, and Tai Matsumoto. Among them, I only read 12 of Mr. Tanizaki's works. I don't remember any of the works now, but I remember reading [# "mote" is "mote" in the bottom line] with interest. From my point of view of art, Mr. Tanizaki's novel has a lot of unfavorable elements, but the point that his creative attitude seems to be enthusiastic is that I am among young writers. He is one who especially admires him. However, as a detective novel writer, I was rushed to seek mystery, and I think I felt very unsatisfactory in the sharpness of mystery. However, I can't say anything about this because I have lost my accurate memory. I just heard from a friend that Mr. Sato's detective novel has a special feature, and I haven't read it directly. As for Mr. Matsumoto, he is a detective novel researcher and writer, and I have only heard that he recently published a magazine called Detective Literature. It is said that Fuboku Kozakai and Uson Morishita, who are familiar to the readers of this magazine, have also published detective novels, but unfortunately I have not read them yet.

[# 5 indentation] Three [# "three" is the middle heading]

That's why the only Japanese detective novelist I remember clearly is Ranpo Edogawa. However, I haven't read all of his publications. I think I've read most of what's published in this magazine, but I don't remember. You may have read the famous virgin work "Two-sen bronze coin [#" Two-sen bronze coin "with a round emphasis mark]", but I have forgotten it. However, I clearly remember only three volumes, "The Murder Case of D-Slope," "Psychological Examination," and "Black Hand," which were published in this magazine this year. It may be careless to predict his future as a detective novelist with such a small amount of material, and I have no such insight at all. All I can do is critique the work of these three novels, analyze the composition of these novels, and hope for the author.
Needless to say, the name Edogawa Ranpo is a pen name taken from the sound of Edgar Allan Poe. It seems that this is not because Mr. Edogawa is particularly devoted to Poe's novels, but because Poe is the nose of detective novels and because his pronunciation fits well into Kanji. That's because his novel has few similarities to Po.
Through the three novels mentioned above, the place where there is a first-person hero and an amateur detective named Kogoro Akechi appears is an imitation of Conan Doyle, even if it is unconscious. Behind the relationship between "I" and Akechi, the prototype "prototype" between Holmes and Watson is clearly visible to the reader. In addition, when Akechi is enthusiastic about detective reasoning, the habit of squeezing his "chunky head" can be said to be an imitation of consciousness or unconsciousness.
However, contrary to Sherlock Holmes's reminiscent of a middle-aged, reason-like appearance, Akechi wanders around thirty, wandering around, and peruses books on crime and detectives. It is reminiscent of the so-called "calligraphy student" who is doing it. While Sherlock Holmes straddles the ocean, from the mysterious region of India to every corner of downtown London, Akechi's activities are limited to Yamanote in Tokyo. While Holmes is an unstoppable detective who has already reached the border of Taisei maturity, Akechi is an unfamiliar amateur detective who is still little known to the world. Since the activity is mainly promised to the future, it may depend on the author's intention to turn around a complicated big event later, but the range of the author's own experience has forced the interview and the limitation of the stage. It seems that it may be because of it. It is probably the author's experience in Tokyo (the author now lives in Osaka) that the small streets of Yamanote and Toyamagahara are selected instead of choosing the downtown that is most suitable for modern crime. However, it is easy to see that he has lived in Tokyo for a long time).
However, even though Akechi's social status does not go beyond the realm of an amateur detective, his reasoning as a detective is quite extraordinary, and the detective method is finally complicated. In "D-Slope Murder Case [#" D-Slope Murder Case "is a roundside point]", the murder case is related to metamorphosis sexual desire due to the fact that there are countless scars on the backs of the two women. Knowing that the instep is a black robe and the second is a white robe, the human sense and memory are unreliable. I'm ignoring the testimony. In the "psychiatric test," psychoanalysis is applied to confess to the criminal who has been enthusiastic. The "Black Hand" makes surprising inferences and breaks the code from the fact that it has no footprints.
Anyway, it is the author's credit through these that it does not spoil the natural taste so much in that it does not rely on the power of disguise or superhuman acts of disguise. And the fact that the criminal investigation method is scientific is inconsistent with the name of modern detective novels. However, when it comes to the details, it is still unnatural and lacks power. For example, in the "murder case of D slope", the loophole between the used book shop and the soba shop did not attract the attention of the police officer at the time of the inspection, or when the burnt light bulb twisted the switch of Akechi, it happened to be on. In the "Psychological Examination", the association is deliberately matched with the crime, and in the "Black Hand", no matter how dark the night is, human eyesight should adapt to the darkness over a long period of time. However, one example is that Makita's father, Fumiko Aida, does not notice it while wearing a complicated disguise.
I think that "Psychological test [#" Emphasis mark "in" Psychological test "]" is the most successful of the three volumes. This work closely resembles Dostoevsky's "Crime and Punishment" in terms of the criminal's psychological state and dialogue with Akechi, due to the form of the crime. In particular, the scene toward the end is so well written that it is reminiscent of the scene of the dialogue between the trial judge and Raskolnikov. But first of all, the crime is forcibly prepared. The reason for killing Auntie Baba is really weak. Any crime can be assumed as long as the detective novel only needs to write down the process of reason on paper, much like breaking the code. It would be good if the motives and naturalness of the crime itself were not taken into consideration, and the solution could be shown vividly. But if you like me and demand artistic value from this, that's not enough. The whole artistic structure has to be a problem.
In this sense, it makes me feel a little dangerous for the author that "Black Hand [#" Black Hand "has a round emphasis mark]" is too sloppy and uses a narrative depiction. In this regard, for the author who made his debut as a detective novelist, and for the future of Japanese detective novels that are passing through the infancy by the authors, I look forward to the author's own weight. I can't stop. To be honest, even among Western authors, apart from the poor works, compared to the works of people such as Beaston and Landon, Ranpo Edogawa's three volumes are still very inferior. There is. But as far as I know, as a true modern detective novelist in Japan, I have high expectations for him. And this expectation can only be fulfilled by the author's dedication without losing his strict attitude. The Japanese detective novel, which was once relaxed but at least started by Mr. Uji, will develop a state of disappointment. Just like the Japanese novel of Naturalism | Maki.
That's why I dared to complain. Eventually, after reading the short stories serialized in this magazine for a year, I would like to believe once again that I can find out that my melancholy is nothing more than a true melancholy.



Bottom book: "Hatsunosuke Hirabayashi Detective Novel Selection 2 [#" 2 "is a Roman numeral, 1-13-22] [Theory Mystery Series 2]"
Issued the first edition of the first edition on November 10, 2003
First appearance: "Shinseinen Vol. 6, No. 5"
April 1925 (Taisho 14) issue
Input: Takashi Kawayama
Proofreading: Hiroshi Kadota
Created January 4, 2011
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
