Japanese fishing technique
Sonosuke Sato

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) "Tsurezure"

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Kira | Uenosuke << Kozuke no Suke >>

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Numbers are JIS X 0213 area area number or Unicode, base page and number of lines)
(Example) * [# opening double brackets, 1-2-54]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

[# 2 indentation] 1 [# "1" is the middle heading]

"Fishing" is one of the most popular urban residents with a terrifying force these days. And among some intellectuals, there is a cry of * [# opening double brackets, 1-2-54] sporting fishing * [# ending double brackets, 1-2-55] * [# Beginning double brackets, 1-2-54] Sports paradise, fishing taste * [# End double brackets, 1-2-55] came out to those who sang high.
It is strange that Japan as a coastal country makes a fuss about fishing with a sporty taste around it as soon as it is discovered, but originally, fishing is well assimilated with its living environment, and what kind of special thing is I didn't admit that I was impressed, and I've been here for a long time, so it's because I didn't really get people's interest today. Everyone catches crucian carp when they are children. Gobies and tanago are also caught, so fishing techniques are not uncommon. So, * [# opening double brackets, 1-2-54] What is fishing? * [# Ending double brackets, 1-2-55] It was. Recently, however, my life has become extremely busy, and when humans become clerical and mechanical, I miss this primitive and savory "fishing" in reaction to it, and on Saturdays and Sundays, I spend a whole day relaxing. Many people said that they would enjoy "fishing" in the valley and at sea.
Historically, it wasn't until the Tokugawa period that fishing was accepted as a play. In the mythical era, it is said that Empress Jingu was the first to fish for sweetfish after the thread of the sword was pulled by the boat waiting for the boat, but after that, Umisachi Yamasachi. Even now, it is the same as the stone age bone hooks coming out of the shell mound, and for primitive people, "fishing" was a part of their lives. It was never a reactionary "play" because of the demand for fish as food. After that, even in the Heian period, it seems that carp and other fish were caught and played at "Takido", but there is no such thing as going out to the stream or the sea and playing fishing. It was a fisherman's business, and the "heavenly fishing boat" was objectively a hot thing, but the fishing business was a sleight of hand. Even during the Warring States period, Takauji and Yoritomo did not say "fishing" because they were exiled and fished while spending a lot of time. Even from the top of the literature, in the Tokugawa period when the world was flat, Kira | Uenosuke's nephew Tsugaru Yasumasa wrote a book called "Kawaenroku" for fishing. Next, Kuroda | Nyoryu's "Fishing Passenger Den" was released, and after that, fishermen and others have just been turned into calikachiyua as materials for the yellow cover. If you look at it, it was in the Edo period that you recognized what is called "fishing", that is, what is called "play fishing". Before that, it was all about "professional fishing", where fishermen went fishing for a living, or children or people close to rivers and the sea imitated Chiyotsu.
Books about fishing continued to appear in the Meiji era from the Edo period. And although specialized research magazines have begun to appear, according to reliable statistics today, there are 200,000 people fishing in Tokyo. It is said that 50,000 of them first learned about "fishing" specialized conditions and went out to the sea and rivers in the suburbs. Therefore, rock fish in the mountains of the Alps, trout in Nikko, and sea bream fishing off the coast of Izu are not uncommon.

[# 2 indentation] 2 [# "2" is the middle heading]

If there is a word called fishing path or fishing technique, there is also the habit and environment of the fish, but "Japanese fishing technique" certainly has a mystery peculiar to Japan. From a sociological point of view, there are two types of fishing: "professional fishing" and "play fishing." From a geographical and environmental point of view, there are "sea fishing" and "river fishing". And from a technic point of view, there are "hand fishing" and "rod fishing". And it is certain today that all of them are by no means inferior to other countries in "Japanese fishing skills" even from a global perspective.
The environment and technology of the British Walton fishing book, which is said to be a world treasure about fishing, is quite different from that of Japan. In the United States, as an immediate sport for fishing, you can catch a tall tiger shark, pull the boat as it is, and go around the sea. Although he is good at detective novels such as Vandine, Japanese fishing is not relatively Burjyoa-like. Foreigners are like golf or hunting, while Japan is like baseball or an extension of a walk. The fishing car "Reel" that has become popular now may be good on the coast of the string breeding "New York" or in Hokkaido, Japan, but it is not suitable for catching delicate fish first. In China, it is said that the poet Pi Rixiu used it a thousand years ago, but the unique taste of fishing in Japan is limited to short bamboo rods. Hand fishing seems to be a professional fishing, and it is not a short rod, and the sweetfish is at most two and a half ken, but it has a moderate taste with a delicate taste on one arm. French people are often referred to because they are similar to Japanese people, but even if you hear the story of a person fishing around the Seine, they don't have a very long rod. It's not interesting to use a car rod to squeeze out Michiito, ayu to use a long rod of five and a half ken, and Kaizu to use a four and a half ken. Besides, the bamboo poles peculiar to Japan are rarely used when going abroad. Bamboo breaks quickly depending on the country. Even in Japan, there are people who boast about foreign-made rattan rods in fishing ponds, but it makes me laugh when I think that there is an optimal product called bamboo. Japan is a bamboo pole. And fishing is up to two and a half with a long pole. In that respect, I agree with the theory of Eikichi Fujita, the author of "Until I Catch Ayu". First, fishing tackle is expensive in foreign countries. The fishing spot is inconvenient. If you don't like it very much, money, time and place will not match. However, Japan is too easy. You can get a rod and a hook right away. The river and the sea are also close. It is said that there are many fish that can be caught, so this point is very thankful for Japan, an island country, as a coastal country.
Therefore, Japanese people, like other crafts, use rods and tools to get into the details. Even if it is a fishing condition, the largest fishing conditions are trout, sea bream, and sea bass. Aiming for the 18-piece flatfish, the 3-piece tuna, the shark fin, and other big fish is painstaking for the people, and it is effective as a professional fishing, but it is a play. Not suitable for fishing. In this respect, "Japanese fishing techniques" are small and many, with the first being the can, the second being the weather, and the third being the place and gimmick.

[# 2 indentation] 3 [# "3" is the middle heading]

From the Edo period to the Meiji era, as the fishing of Tokyo people became popular, there were rod masters and tool masters who were famous for their crafts. You can make specialized rods such as sweetfish, carp, and sillaginidae. With the invention of Akita thread and artificial Tegs, the improvement of sinkers "weights", and the creation of hair burrs, fishing in the Meiji era gradually changed to fishing in the Taisho era. Ayu has become popular for friend fishing and dove fishing, and the rice trout "Iidako" and Dabohaze fishing, which the fishermen of the Meiji era did not know, are now one of the fishing items, such as the rock fish "Iwana" in the Southern Alps, the Higai of Lake Biwa, and Nikko. The trout came to the angler's motivation.
Ayu fishing is always the most popular king nowadays, but kiss fishing is the center of popularity in the Edo period, probably because transportation was not so convenient. It is said that Kazusa's boatman Hitobei spread fishing, but even the authors of "Kawaenroku" and "Fishing Passenger Den" put the most effort into this kiss fishing, which is also popular in fishing. It makes me smile that there are fishing that is popular and fishing that is not popular. Even Harunobu, a bijin-ga, draws a "Bijin-ga fishing map", and Hokusai and Hiroshige also draw wild fishing and goby fishing. Certainly, there is a phrase of root fishing in that corner as well.
In that respect, kiss fishing is still appreciated for fishing centered on Tokyo. When wild roses bloom, the scampi of the river, when the poppy flowers bloom, kisses, when the wheat flowers scatter, it looks like sweetfish, and from ancient times, the fishing calendar has been created by the age of the moon. Oedo commuter fished tanago even on snowy days. The Edo people preferred rivers and small boats, probably because the old transportation system was the Chokibune and Asakusa Fukagawa was the center of culture. Then, while drinking Yukimi sake on a house-shaped "Yakata" ship, attach it to the riverbank around Kiba, take out a small rod of whalebone and ivory from the shoji screen, and while hitting the kotatsu, catch the tanago and make it white-baked. , Soaked in three cups of vinegar and used as a side dish for sake. And there is a theory that Michiito is a virgin hair and Hook is pure gold. Then, in general, it was called a spring boarding carp, a carp, an early summer kiss, a midsummer crucian carp, a fall mullet, a conger eel, and an autumn leaf crucian carp.
Sillaginidae does stepladder fishing. A stepladder is set up in the shallow water under the sea, and one person rides on it to fish in the dawn tide. It is said that the boarding crucian carp is caught by foot on an outdoor walk, and it is a good companion of Picnitsk. And for autumn conger eel fishing, we turn on the lantern "Andon" in the small boat and go fishing at night. The mullet is called "gobaunuki" in the seaweed "glue", and it is said that it is Edomae to catch it with a rod. At the Saifu point, the fishing book of the Edo period explains in detail the fishing spots for kisses and mullets, nautical charts, etc. First, half of Tokyo Bay is thoroughly explored. However, unlike nowadays, there were a lot of fish at that time, and it was also a luxurious play, so it must be a considerable income whether it is fishing or a boat inn or a boatman. Even when we were boys, it was a sociable knowledge that the town geisha around Shinagawa talked about kiss fishing and so on.

[# 2 indentation] 4 [# "4" is the middle heading]

As mentioned before, you can always classify fishing as a bite. I used to classify anglers into "seabird type" and "wild cat type", but there are people who like sea fishing and people who like river fishing, and people who like big fish. There is a person who likes small items, and fishing with that person's unique conditions is a unique interest of fishing. In addition, there are fishing ponds, competitive fishing, and high ropes that are popular these days.
"Seabird-type" anglers mainly fly in the sea, deep in the depths of 10 to 34, red snapper, sea bass, black sea bream, mackerel, swordfish "Tachiuo", horse mackerel "Aji", and scorpion fish "Kochi". , Kalehi, Budahi, Moyo, Mackerel, Octopus, Squid, Fat greenling, etc. Of course, unlike the old stern that pushes out, it is now a motor ship, so you can easily go from Shinagawa to Misaki. However, for that, the captain also goes out with a person who has a suitable arm, and goes out for a whole day or two nights, so if you go with 34 people on a shared ride, it costs a lot for one person. Some people go to Boshu, Misaki, Uraga, or Toba in the distance, to Shimizu, to Sado and take them on a fishing boat, but it is better to go out the day before or the night before and return the next evening. And there are many bourgeois people in this fishing. The technics are mostly hand-fished, and the thread is as wide as 340.
The "wild cat type" fishermen are proletarian fishing first, except for those who are Burjyoa type people who go out to Ayu and stay at the inn to fish in the valley. You can go out to any river or pond at any time and go home immediately if you don't mind, and you can enjoy the comfort of a quiet day and moon with fish as a friend without seeing anyone from morning till night. Especially this type of extraordinary thing is goldfish. It is a hobby in Nanga as a solo fishing, such as standing in the bush of a river exposed to the cold and staring at the slight movement of the tip of a fishing rod. Especially when it comes to carp, I go to the river because I only need to catch one in 20 days. Whether it's ayu or haya, or crucian carp, maltese, river shrimp, or tanago, you can walk around Sanri to catch a sweetfish. After searching for a place to live and choosing a place, I started fishing in Xu. Everyone always learns fishing techniques from this "wild cat type" when they are boys.
There are carp, crucian carp, or saltwater fish in the fishing pond, but the harmful effect is gambling fishing. And it's not interesting at all because the fish you catch are slaughtered, the colors are bad, and the native livelyness of the sea and rivers is lost. But for beginners, especially women and children, it's still interesting. And again, there is a person specializing in Tsurihori Michihi in Tokyo, who is struggling with rods and tools, and the fish also need appropriate skill, so there is a so-called "communication", so the strange thing is I can't. However, I personally say that I don't really like fishing in fishing ponds. It is unnatural to keep a fish no matter how painful it is.

[# 2 indentation] 5 [# "5" is the middle heading]

It is said that there is only one good or bad fishing in that condition. Of course, experience is the main thing, but there are people who are not good at it no matter how much experience they have, and people who are good at learning the tone immediately. The point is to do your favorite fishing with your own sense technique and condition. At first, you can learn with crucian carp, goby, etc., and when you go around according to the fishing calendar of the four seasons, you will come across your favorite fishing. Then you should study one sweetfish, kiss, black sea bream, or carp.
Within that, the relationship between the weather, wind and rain, moon and tide is understood, and when the spring tide is above, the spring tide is below, and the south wind is "Hae", the easterly wind "here" cannot catch it, and the north wind is good. Other situations such as after rain, turbidity of water, cloudy weather, and the time of morning and evening tides are learned. No matter how good you are, you can't beat the weather. There are some fishing aimed at rough days, but it is always good to have a high tide and a soft breeze in the morning and evening. Not only in the sea, but also in rivers. Follow her husband and become familiar with the habits of fish. The mechanism is different depending on whether it is a fish on the bottom, a fish in the middle layer, or a floating fish. The technique is also different. Next is the place, the depth of the sea, whether the bottom is sea mud or reef, whether there is a so-called "root", if it is a river, the water flow of the pool and the shallow water, water | Observe closely. It is a test of whether or not you will be able to fish like a human being after you start fishing, and you will be able to fish even better.
However, nature is quite mean, so tomorrow is Sunday, so when I go out to see it, it's windy and rainy, and when I think the weather is good for a fool, the current is a day's ocean current. It's hard to think of it because it's sloping or the water is turbid due to flooding, and there are first-come-first-served people at good fishing spots. From that point, some people say that fishing is easier, but Yahari fishing is not interesting unless you jump into the big bosom of nature and fight. I'm interested in fighting the wind, committing rain, riding in the shade of the night, and catching the wild fish of nature itself. In that respect, there are also people who enjoy deep water by hand fishing and pulse fishing, and people who insist on the pleasure of pulling fish from shallow water with a rod like a bow, but in any case, "fishing is natural. It's not interesting unless it's a "competent struggle with". Especially in a country where the sea conditions, streams, swamps and ponds are skillfully arranged and blessed with the color of the sea, you can fully enjoy the battle with the pristine fish in Japan. In order to continue the slack exercise, it is necessary to thoroughly study its environment and conditions. Especially, there are not many people who are as good as Japanese people in this sense of fishing.

[# 2 indentation] 6 [# "6" is the middle heading]

Then, what kind of fish can be caught and what is most interesting? It is said that it is in the factorial of the person's fishing skill and in the Atari (fish pull) that he likes. Just as fish have different shapes, they also have different atari. The sensations of jerks, tons, and gugu are transmitted in various ways. So, what is this Atari? If an appraisal is given before fishing, it will be full-fledged first.
In the river, you can catch sweetfish, fish, carp, sweetfish, nigohi, haya, moroko, yamabe, ihana, yamame, tanago, eel, eel, catfish, loach, loach, ina, etc. Catfish, scorpionfish, scorpionfish, scorpionfish, scorpionfish, scorpionfish, scorpionfish, squid, squid, scorpionfish, scorpionfish, scorpionfish More than 100 species can be caught by mullets, catfish, loach, wrasse, ishimochi, and other places. Besides, in Japan, there is no place where the dialect is different from that of fish, so it is very different between Aomori and Kagoshima, and between Boshu and Noto. In Hokkaido, oil greenling is called fat greenling in the Kanto region, in Kansai it is called abrame, and in Sado it is called shijiu. Ina is called Tsukura in Miyazaki and Evra in Kumamoto. In each coastal area, the name of the fish is variously called in the Arabiya language. Also, there is a fishing method peculiar to the beach area, and the habit of fish also differs slightly depending on the environment. There are many kinds of black sea bream, such as Kaizu in Tokyo and Chinu in Kansai, and Chinuma sea bream, but this is an interesting fish because it starts to be caught all over the country from April to October and its Atari is rough and strong. However, for example, there is no Amago fish in the Kanto region, and it is true that there are fish that are thought to be the public fish "Wakasagi", but when they go to Hokkaido, they are called Chika, and there are Moroko and Higai in Lake Biwa. When people from each prefecture gather, it becomes a story of a fish that is not known as a smelt. In the country of A, it is said that you can catch Zuzu and Ifu fish, and in the country of B, you can catch Xu and Ifu fish. It would be a problem if I didn't get a list of fish that can be caught all over the country, but in the olden days, Shusaku Takei's "Fish Book" or Joun Kurimoto's "Taifu" was made by Mitsutaro Shirai of Rihiro. Although it is a treasured book, it is a specimen with more than 80 species of sea bream in Japan.
For that, the hooks were different, the hooks were different, and the bottom fishing flatfish, fat greenling, kochi, goby, and scorpion fish could not catch middle-layer fish such as mackerel, hydrangea, and sea bass. There are at least thirty-four kinds of hooks, if all the hooks are prepared. From the classification of round, sleeve-shaped, fox, three-waisted, threaded hook, eel, tanago, and shrimp, when it comes to sweetfish mosquito needles such as "Kabari", the name is different even if the color and thread winding method are different. In addition, there are Tosa, Kaga, and other production areas, and there are more than a thousand species of eels. In addition, there are different types of Michiito, Shibuito, Akita, and Artificial Tengusu, and when it comes to rods, they are different. Therefore, there are people who enjoy all the tools, and people who change the tools on the spot and fish well. Also, making your own gimmicks is one of the fun things, and when you go out tomorrow, everyone prepares a gimmick with their own unique craftsmanship the night before. Then, the target fish is defined as horse mackerel for horse mackerel and horse mackerel for horse mackerel, and the outside fish is called "Gedo", and there is no aim other than the target fish. Fishing anything is not interesting for those who plan to go fishing.

[# 2 indentation] Seven [# "Seven" is a middle heading]

When I was ready there and started fishing at the Isa site, that feeling, especially the psychological state of excitement, was an unspoken genre.
People often see the fishing condition as a typical example of a relaxed, carefree, and quiet day, but that is only the appearance. The appearance is oriental philosophical, and as if meditating, it looks like it is in the state of Suiten Ichiyo, along with the blue sea of the blue sea, against the mountain water with a rod. When I feel big, I go to a structure without serious sound. There is no guarantee that the fish will not come in. If you are inadvertently thinking about other things, you should come and eat immediately. At the fishing site, even if you don't catch a single fish a day, you can't catch it unless you always have the mindset to take it. Even if you eat it on your own, like a goby, if you eat it on your own, you will not be able to improve your efficiency unless you do it. Moreover, ayu, haya, sea bass, sea bream, and kissing agile fish cannot be caught as a single fish. Think, aim, hold your breath, adjust, and think about the tide, think about the water layer, study the time and wind and rain, pay attention to the bait, move from the place of the instep to the place of the second, and that day The condition of the fish is taken into consideration, and all the methods and techniques are tried, so the condition is full in my head. I don't have time to smoke-it's appropriate. I think that point is exactly the same as research in the natural sciences. Of course, the idea of fishing is oriental philosophical, but if its psychological state does not work scientifically at all, it merely imitates the form of Taiko.
It is the deep purpose of fishing and euphoria for a few seconds until the fish once come and go with Gugu, the moment when it comes up with Tsutsun, and the Atari and the fish are completely in the palm of the hand. It's a border. It's hard to replace anything that is in the midst of a big game coming and struggling to pull it up. It's true that people often say that they can't always have a fish rod for a moment when someone nearby asks for it, even if they exchange it for a lot of money. At the moment of ballas or fishing, any master will be throbbing. Thinking that it is dangerous, it is dangerous, and the feeling of shaving a fish with a lightning-fast fire is when all the purposes and effects are united, so it can be said that you are almost absorbed in it. It becomes more sophisticated depending on the experience, and until you fully enjoy the mood and raise the fish in a relaxed or daring manner-that is the main focus. Because of this, it makes me feel like I'm going fishing forever, slamming the night and hitting the wind. "Fishing is the last hobby," he says. All. There is no age in this legal boundary, and there is a psychological distinction. A subtle sense of exhaustion, the Atari of the fish, is at that moment.

[# 2 indentation] Eight [# "eight" is the middle heading]

What is interesting to her husband is that people who have been fishing for many years will be able to produce their own favorite fish, as each person has a habit of fishing. This is due to the fact that the fish is particularly elegant and delicious, and that the Atari work is not profitable.
What is even more strange is that many people who like fishing are extremely thin and fat. There must be some physiological cause for this. And not everyone really likes fishing until it's over forty. Young people come from the taste of sports, but as they get older, they certainly come from sexual desire. People who are tired of romance now fall into fishing. This certainly has to have a delicate relationship with that fish's Atari.
For example, the ayu's clean, serious, tsutsun toifu atari, vigorous pull-in, and pulling strength to escape to the side are certainly virgins. It is the pure taste of a virgin. The same goes for sea kisses, and kisses can always be sea sweetfish. However, when it comes to Kaizu and black sea bream, they are called Chinuchinu and are small annual fish, and they show their skill in the taste of Atari. In addition, when it is 45 years old, first hit the bait with the tail fin, turn around, imitate swallowing, and then take the bait to the hoe for the first time, and when it is okay, take a breath. Pull in. That habit is certainly a skill of an expert. It's an old-fashioned geisha love technique. It's absurd and serious, and he has a strong desire to go to hell. And carp and the like are only big ones, and there is a love of the queen of the old tale, or a noble lady. The carp in the pond is not so much, but when it comes to wild carp, that is, the king of the river, it often happens, but when it comes to swords, it comes with Gun and often uses Michiito between hot and cold. It is cut off. Humans also need the ability and courage to become ministers or high-ranking officials before they can take it skillfully when someone who is close to the point of consistency arrives. When I go there, Bora and others are more of a widow than a widow. When you go to where you are, even if you don't eat bait, attach a small anchor and hook it to fish. Only the extremely greedy, carefree, and strong-minded guy will not run away even if he hits the fish head with a sinker. If you fail to catch it, it will be rough, but if you get on the anchor with Gutsu on the other side, you will pull it out at once and drop it on the boat with Dokari.
It's rude to compare fish and women in a sauifu style, but the love technique that even men feel first and the habits of the fish are certainly similar. Gobies are cheap female salaries. Rockfish and others are women's salaries in Ginza. It is easy to lose, and it has a large mouth and can be eaten as much as you want. Tanago is a chick. If you don't pay attention to the hooks and food, you won't get caught in your mouth. Huna is a town girl, I walk and search. Kochi, Kalehi, etc. are the first females of No. 2 because they pull the bottom and feed on shrimp. If you explain it in detail, you can't catch up unless you write it on the glossy fish Atari Soshi.

[# 2 indentation] 9 [# "9" is the middle heading]

However, the feeling of fishing is the return to the quiet nature. Even if it is a valley, a river, a sea, a pond, or a swamp, it hits the morning mist, the sun, the evening mist, the stars, and the moon to cleanse the noise from all living environments, and the acidity of the bitter life psychology Blows away, and fills the lungs with the eternal new breath of nature in the heart. Some people see it as an escape, and those who see it as a kind of childhood are the owners of pragmatism, and at least for those who can predict the truth of Eastern philosophy, in such a small utilitarian mindset. It seems that things will be tested.
The strange thing is that if you go to the fishing site and think about your house and work, no fish will come. People often go fishing and slowly [# "slowly" is mama] think about their destiny, or think about something, but when they go fishing, they gradually think about it. I can't get rid of it. If you go out to the sea every day or cross the valley, you will soon lose your desire for the prosperity of this world, and you will be reluctant to work for money. People who have money and free time and have no inconvenience do not like fishing again. Many people who like fishing live a busy life but never forget their love for nature.
However, recently, not only old-fashioned people but also people climbing the Alps have come to catch rock fish "Iwana", and people who went to the beach have come to go offshore to go fishing for horse mackerel and sea bream. Therefore, it has been proved that fishing is regarded as a sport because the version of the fishing spot has become very wide, not limited to the Tokyo Bay and Koto areas. I think this tendency is very good. If an international fishing event is to be held soon, I am confident that many athletes will come out of Japan first. Origin Westerners are not good at skill, so if you often study places and fish, it is clear that the Japanese will make the best record in terms of fishing skills first. In that sense, I would like fishing to exist as a general and enjoyable small sport, not as a play for some people. In terms of the environment, there is no place that is as blessed with fishing as Japan, so both collectively and personally, I often enjoy fishing this summer and autumn, and the people's health and familiarity with nature. I would like to have it doubled.

[# 2 indentation] 10 [# "10" is the middle heading]

And finally, what I want to say is the establishment of a fishing spirit.
Originally, fishing is a personal play, and traditional fishing enthusiasts have a lot of egoists. Recently, newspapers and magazines have begun to publish the method, secrets, and fishing spots, but people who retain the old style still do not know the places they discovered or the secrets, and they are alone tengu. There are many masters of. Also, only for humans, they disturb people at sweetfish fishing spots and do nasty things even in fishing ponds. As much as possible, we want to enjoy fishing in a clean and correct manner without competing with each other for some prey.
It can be used by professional fishermen offshore or near breakwaters. Thinking about the damage to their fields, they used the forbidden tataki nets, and even the boatman of the fishing boat inn knew that the "roots" off the coast were their own territory, and put in fishing boats from other sources. The territory or the fishing spot that was intentionally mistaken is taught. However, apart from low-ranking humans, bright and big fishing is a sport, and everyone has a small idea that the number of fish will decrease or the prey will be ruined. I would like to inform you that kissing is good, flatfish and [# "flatfish" is mama] abundant, read the big will of nature, and enjoy the good fishing of the four seasons.
This year, at the breakwater in Yokohama, with the kindness of the government, I was able to fish freely. At the landfill in Tsurumi and the breakwater in Kawasaki, you can get a certain amount of fishing information for a fee. There is also a special train for sweetfish fishing from Shinjuku, and each prefecture has the same favor for anglers and opens up the river, so Japan is free to go from Kagoshima to Hokkaido. You can catch fish and walk. Therefore, I would like to ask the young people who travel, the people who go to the island, the people who go to the cape, and the people who go to the cape to start new fishing. Then, I would like you to study this unique Japanese fishing technique and make various new discoveries and new craftsmanship, and to develop a bright and correct fishing spirit in the future. And as for individual fishing, research on fishing is now being actively announced, so I would like to ask you about it, and I will stop by writing an overview of fishing here. .. [# With ground] (May 21, 1952)



Bottom book: "Assembly Japanese Fishing Literature Vol. 1 Fishing Hitoshi" Sakusha
Issued the first print on June 30, 1995 (Heisei 7)
Parent of the bottom book: "Fishing heart fish heart" Daiichi Shobo
April 1934 (Showa 9)
* The mixture of "Bourgeois" and "Bourgeoisie", and "Kaya" and "Kiya" is the same as the bottom line.
* Rubi's yoon and sokuon, which are thought to be due to the new pseudonym, have been written in small letters.
Input: Hiroshi Kadota
Calibration: hitsuji
Created November 24, 2018
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (https://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
