Humanity / Politics / Literature (1)
--The problem of how to live--
Yuriko Miyamoto

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) The handcuffs that restrain it with it [# "The handcuffs that restrain it with it" is an emphasis mark]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

Japanese contemporary literature must be rebuilt on the depth, sharpness, and literary spirit and methods appropriate for the depth, sharpness, and baldness of our living reality. This desire has become openly spoken as the desire of today's humanity.
However, this premonition that contemporary literature must change and will not change much in the not too distant future, as it becomes an open public opinion, each literary writer (novelist, poet, etc.) The premonitions (including playwrights and critics) began to be expressed differently.
One example is the recently launched "Cloud Society". It is a group of Kunio Kishida, Tsuneari Fukuda, Yukio Mishima, Junji Kinoshita and a considerable number of other literary figures. A kind of stagnation that is felt in the current state of novels and criticisms, "There is a demand to open the window wider," "The play must be nourished from a wide area of literature. I think that it is an era when the same thing can be said in other areas of art and literature. ”(Kunio Kishida, Outlook, November issue roundtable discussion) is tied on the common view. "Cloud Society".
This basic line is accompanied by detailed content born from the literary views of each participating person, and Yukio Mishima talks about the following motives.
"Because the novel does not have the prosodic restraint like poetry, and because there is no clear restraint of the orthodox novel [#" because there is no restraint of the orthodox novel ", the emphasis mark], try to break it. No passion [# "I have no passion to break it"]. So the handcuffs that restrain it [# the emphasis on "the handcuffs that restrain it"], the ones like shackles [# the emphasis on "something like shackles"], and when looking for it [# "looking for it" "Emphasis mark"], I suddenly bumped into the play. In other words, the play has a formal restraint that cannot be helped. If you hit it, you will restrain your passion in a form [# "Something restrain your passion in a form"], and you will stir up [# "Stir up" Emphasis mark] I thought it was very convenient, and then I used it as a foothold, a clue, and a center to give shape to Japanese novels that have not yet formed [# "Shape to Japanese novels". Emphasis mark] I'm going to give it to you-I feel like that. "(Same as above)
Tsuneari Fukuda is almost in agreement with Yukio Mishima in the view that the play is "convenient". "In the case of a novel, if what we are crazy about is a play, then there is an emphasis mark [#" If what we are crazy about is a play, there is an emphasis mark]. Such a point is "convenient". "In modern times, literature and novels have become more and more flat." "Three-dimensionalization may, in a sense, also mean the acquisition of wholeness." The name "No-kai" is probably derived from the association with the Greek comedy "Cloud".
In today's Japanese society, it is a good time for modern people to think of various concrete attempts to be vigorously executed [# "execution" as an emphasis mark]. Moreover, all the new theater companies have suffered significant financial difficulties since May and June 1950, and now that enthusiastic and skilled actors are struggling unpaid, a new breath is added to the play. When it comes to that, I think it's a good thing. The novel is "restrained" by the mood of journalism's rutsuusa [# "rutsuusa" as a side point] and "a very professional Japanese novel platform" (Hideo Kobayashi). It doesn't make sense for those who feel that young talented writers and critics, who have begun to suffer from not having, try to give new artistic motivation to "dumb" plays. I don't know. (Although the feeling that novels and critiques are so sloppy, and without such restraints from the style, they are unwelcome is an anomaly.)
Regardless of the result, the angle and form of escape, such as the "Cloud Society," will either give the people who gathered in the party various trials to grow or cause them to decompose in the air. Besides deafness, it suggests many problems to the general public who are not directly related to the society. And even if the "Cloud Society" itself flutters down to the ground and does not become the salt of the earth, a fresher momentum emerges from the stimulus, and Erica Mann becomes the Nazi administration around 1933. If you think about the possibility that a theater company similar to the "Pepper Mill" (pepper hut) that was organized under the "Pepper Mill" will be born, the "Cloud Society" is also the limit as it is. In our own right, it could be a phenomenon.
However, "Kitty Typhoon", which is the first attempt to illuminate the distortion of the present literature from the essence of art, is considered to be useless for both self and others. I don't think that kind of thing would be a problem, "(Hideo Kobayashi) said in a roundtable discussion, and the words were received with a laugh. According to the author himself, "Typhoon Kitty" has "all the weaknesses of Japanese people, such as lack of sociality,". "In other words, all the weaknesses of Japanese life and psychology that could not be played are put together in the play. Therefore, that is a one-time thing, and the rest cannot be done with that hand. I don't think it's a real play. "
To express this objectively, it is read as a self-criticism that "Kitty Typhoon" is not a work that shows the direction of solution to the current literary distortion, but merely reflects the distortion itself in society and literature. Be taken.

Sei Ito is constantly interested in discovering some kind of gear, "from the original nature of art" and "entering between the pen and paper of a Japanese artist and changing the creative act that is connected there." Is one of the writers who show. "In the absence of the idea / modern logic and the recognition of order as a combination of human beings, only skin sensation and violence exist. The current Japanese literature, which is a combination of the two, is a reflection of Japan itself. If you look at the fact that Kamu's "Pest", Owell's "1984", and Georgyu's "25 o'clock" are in the hands of foreign writers of the same age as Japanese mid-career writers. "It can't be helped if the words" apparently blind and helpless "are given to Japanese writers." ("Slip of gears") Ito Sei's impression is sympathetic. He is clearly aware of the "distortion of current literature." He is one of the writers who has "an attempt to illuminate the distortion of the present literature from the original nature of art". I think it's painful that the current literary distortion itself is only expressed in an acrobatic style in that sentence. It's not a high-flying impression that one writer Sei Ito is soulful, but Japan! Japan in 1950 with this kind of thing. All of us living there, whether or not we write a novel! It's painful.

The issue of the establishment of a modern novel is easy to understand, but with passion, the willingness to attract and examine our living heart is uncontrollable. Today, even if "the words" apparently blind and helpless "can be given to Japanese writers," "because the basic method of Japanese art is based on the rootless sense of ideas." The gears do not match the modern-style operation of the idea and the actual work "(same as above), and I have a feeling that it cannot be stopped at the place of clarifying the current situation. If "I am conscious of myself as a struggling insect sandwiched between the folds of a huge ruthless order" and Sei Ito's presence as a human being and a literary person can be firmly established there, why is he? With a very specific fighting spirit, he will announce that there is a section in the accusation of "Mrs. Chatterley's Lover" that the prosecutor's office has not properly read the work. None of the bugs struggling between the folds have shown their determination to fight the court with the fact that the accusation itself issued by power is against the law of proceedings.
The demands of modern people who oppose the war and protest the provocation of the war are at the heart of almost all literary figures. However, he continues to be conscious of becoming political [# "becoming political"] in publicly expressing his will for peace lovers and doing something. The prosecution issue of "Mrs. Chatterley's lover" speaks on the one hand of another aspect that is extremely meaningful in relation to the social behavior of such today's Japanese literary figures.
Regarding the issue of "Mrs. Chatterley's lover," there is some interpretation that it is, in other words, a defense of economic issues common to translators. I can't think of this kind of economicism. I also disagree with the synism that it is not a person for Japanese authors who create by "skin sensation". If Japanese literary figures were to stand up on the issue of "Mrs. Chatterley's lover," it would be the defense of human reason and the protest as a human being and a literary figure against the violence of power. There is a cause that can appeal to the general public as a literary person who is not a literary person. By its cause, people sympathize with the inevitability of literary people as citizens to fight against the law that is oppressed by unfactual grounds. On the scale of literary figures and the World Peace Movement, Japanese literary figures, who tend to dismiss public statements and actions about it as political, also respond to the accusations, thoughts and speeches that have invaded the translation of this work. The oppression of power is refusing to forge, striking without turning away.
The sentence that Sei Ito wrote in the Asahi Shimbun on July 1st, "as a translator of'Mrs. Chatterley's lover'," has a hint of Hanahada. He says. "The idea that literary artists and thinkers should work only by uncritically submitting to existing social wisdom is a detrimental idea if humanity should make progress. Existing society. The work of thinkers and artists to criticize and correct conventional wisdom has shaped the culture of today. "
In these resolute lines, there is no rhetorical method of wisdom and swallowing that this writer shows when he encounters a problem that is difficult to determine. From the front, he speaks openly about the fact that the reality of history is. This is a literary word. At the same time, it is a political word. Because politics does not touch the literary phenomenon, and fighting against the accusation problem that has emerged as an expression of state power is nothing more than the most direct political struggle as a literary writer. .. Regardless of the form, politics is a matter of power.
I am angry at the power of today, which is so ignorant that I am not aware of my ignorance. , I would like to supplement the "sliding of gears" that this author mentions in the formation of modern novels. Although the content of "existing social wisdom" is complex and widespread, one of the existing social wisdom is "conventional wisdom about existing literature" and the other is "existing about politics". It cannot be denied that there is also a "conventional convention". And if it is the natural obligation of the talents of artists and thinkers to advance the lives and cultures of humankind by struggling with such existing social wisdom, hello, we Is confident that "because the basic method of Japanese art is based on the rootless sense of ideas", the "existing wisdom" that modern reason or manipulation of ideas is inconsistent with the actual creation of Japanese literature. I think it's okay to put doubts on it.
In "the idling of gears," Sei Ito said, "The fate of the artist who lives in this era." "The artist attaches that dissonance to the outside world and the impulses of human beings, thereby creating a temporary harmony of beauty. I can only make it. " As a Japanese literary writer who has ingested a lot from James Joyce and DH Lawrence, these words tell the truth of that person. But do these expressions touch on all aspects of "the fate of writers living in this era"?
For literature-Today's reality of Sei Ito, a literary writer who had to fight against the pressure of state power for the development of human reason. And the sense of survival of Japanese literary people who have come to be able to receive the reality of Sei Ito on a wide line as a problem that leads to their own lives and literature. Well, even though there are quite a few elements of blindness and helplessness among those literary figures, there is still the reality of Japan in the 1950s that was not seen in 1933. There is.
Power always has a conservative element. The essence of literature stands on the irresistible desire for development and discovery in humanity. In the dispute between power and humanity, which is held across the issues of literature and thought, power has always been defeated in victory. That is why, as Sei Ito states with conviction, the progress of humankind has come.
Was it possible for these human beings to assert their reason "by adding to the outside world and human impulses"? I don't think the illegality and untrueness of the accusation was followed by human impulses.
It's strange when you think about it. Is contemporary literature trying to include the irresistible resistance of reason and its actions in the word impulse?
When Sei Ito says the fate of a Japanese literary writer who "can only create a tentative [#" tentative "harmonic body of beauty", "Japanese literature is Japan itself." "It's a reflection of this." "The basic method of Japanese art is based on the sense without the roots of ideas." I avoid sentiment because I am too obsessed with the fact that it is becoming half past today. There is a sound of intellect. When we say "the tentative [#" tentative "emphasis mark] harmony of beauty," this literary person perceives that there is untemporary beauty in humankind. If, in the context of today's world literature, the tough, human-rooted beauty that has become a "temporary harmony" can only be found in the literature of foreign writers, it is the island of Japan. I think it's just a simple view of tomorrow's fate facing the country. Japan's as-is contemporary literature may be scattered in some future period of history. And when the Japanese people again produce their own literature, it can no longer be the basic "sensory" method.
This kind of literary change has already appeared through today's day and night in Japan, while being visible and hidden in that phenomenon. With the proletarian literary movement, the democratic literary movement, and the power from the bottom that divides it flatly into literary camps and does not allow it to remain between them, the stage of history is all of us. It is moving slowly and rapidly, with various literary activities on it.
In the process of this transition and change that is foreseen today, the social conditions that constrain the intellect of "backward Japan," which began to be vigorously mentioned in Japanese literary criticism after August 1945. Even dissection is beginning to become one of the "existing conventions". Because we have been taught about "delayed Japan" by ourselves, and therefore, by the basic method of life and literature of "delayed Japan", which is more emotional and emotional, we call it beauty. I am not tired of constructing a temporary harmony. There is a desire for literature that reflects Japan and looks at the possibilities of Japan. This desire is violently perceived and can be called a raw desire as long as one affirms reason to humans. And what an interesting thing! Expressed in terms of Sei Ito's urge, which seems to be used by expanding the scope of the content, the potential urge to such new literature contained in history is rather the literary writer who has many human desires. It seems that it acts as a reflex on the brain and conversely expresses distrust of Japanese intelligence.

In "Sliding of gears", I touched on the method of creating socialist realism as "an orthodox way of thinking that we should establish a living consciousness as a modern member of society and return to creation". All the thoughts are taken up. I think this should be expressed a little more accurately. I don't think at the stage of "establishing a sense of life" and then "returning to creation." The idea of creating an idealism first and then creating it in this way was the idea of the proletarian literary movement era. Hi, if I live and create in real life in search of truly abundant and realistic literature, I can't help but hit myself as a social being and my relationship with others. I don't think so. Therefore, if we live in our own way, it is inevitable that our social consciousness will be sharpened in a broad sense. If I want to express it, I believe that the way of creation cannot be changed because it is intertwined with the living reality.
Speaking of orosodox, the fact that human beings are rational and have an evolving humanity. And the fact that such human beings are unavoidably born and live in social life relationships. I think that the historical facts that accompany that fact are orthodox in the first place.
We have only a rudimentary experience with regard to sociality in literature or the relationship between politics and literature. As a result, all literary figures have learned something in the last five years, although it can only be said very simply so far. The days when the creative method called socialist realism was on the sidelines like the magic tricks of Soviet literary activists, which are prized by proletarian literary activists, have passed.
The social issue in literature and the need to clarify the relationship between politics and literature from a literary standpoint has become a general need to give fresh blood circulation to Japanese literature.
A literary person standing in a democratic position is a person who sank into the water with his hem up, so it is meaningless to stand in the middle class and look up at the clouds. Frankly, I will talk about various literary issues that I do not understand yet and experiments that I have not yet reached a conclusion, and in that way I will open up mutual trust in my love of literature-finding the basis of common development. I think it's time to get used to it.

A literary person with a democratic position, especially regarding the relationship between politics and literature, had to be an even more diligent reporter in the last five years. But it wasn't done as much as needed. There is one volume of "Shigeharu Nakano Assembly Speech Collection". However, when the issue of politics and literature is considered in the field of general literature, the "Shigeharu Nakano Assembly Speech Collection" itself did not answer the issue. Shigeharu Nakano of "Fun Chat", Shigeharu Nakano of "Gorei no Sake", and Shigeharu Nakano who has the first volume of the parliamentary speech collection, and the existence as a new literary person who is three-dimensionally unified there is established. The problem comes from the angle of whether it is being done or where it is based on its establishment.
One reason democratic writers have been unable to develop their activities as lively reporters over the last five years is that in many ways we have been immature in dealing with the relationship between politics and literature. Is. Due to our low political capacity and ambiguity, we were dragged by a stubborn perception of the provisions of the democratic revolution itself. This weakness shook the assessment of the proletarian literary tradition that democratic literature embraces at the beginning of its departure, and subsequently obscured the position of working-class literature in the democratic literary movement. did. This eventually led to some extreme cultural and literary economism as a reaction, and the relationship between politics and literature was one in the early 1920s, during the germination of the proletarian literary movement. I went against mechanistic theory, as was said by the practitioners of the club (Keishichi Hirasawa and others).
In these processes, the democratic literary scholar did not talk to the whole field of literature as a problem of Japanese literature, with bittern in his heart. I want to find out about myself. It comes from the immaturity of my political life as a democratic literary person. The political organization to which I belong and the popular organization of literature are naturally two separate ones. As a literary person, it took me a long time to learn how to deal with the spirit that springs up due to the limits that can be clearly stated in the field of literature and the stimulus that comes from the internal conditions of political organizations.
Because I am a human being, a woman, and a literary person who has a progressive element before being a communist, I shake that one [# "one" is a side point]. It took a complex five years to learn the discipline to deal with the impending political problems in a theoretical way that was technically endless and according to political conventions.
In the ten months leading up to 1950, for me, the solemn covenants of the avant-garde organization must be respected for fair play and its own growth and development. I learned the facts. This is also an issue of revolutionary belief. On the other hand, I also learned the fact that in the field of literature, I have a responsibility to talk straight about what to say and to consider each other-rather than talking about democratic literature within the framework, as a democratic literary person. In my responsibility, I will touch on various issues of Japanese literature.
Choosing political and literary issues may be an adventure for me. But it was this issue that many people, not just me, spent the most blood each year. This issue has implications for today's literary people, whether direct or indirect, how they live. Suga Kisetsu's suicide, more than Osamu Dazai's death and Hidemitsu Tanaka's death, makes all of today's consciences pay close attention to the relationship between politics and literature as an expression of how to live as a human being. ..
Hello people who read the history of proletarian literature are facing one inconvenience. When it entered 1933, the remarks, books, etc. that were published even though they belonged to the Proletarian Writers Alliance and remain today are limited to those of some people, and what are those people? The debate of proletarian writers who had different views is disappearing from the table of literature.
This became one of the causes of the epidemic of the theory of underestimation of proletarian literature from 1946, and it became a defect in the literature. At that time, Japanese avant-garde organizations were illegal and small in scale. The organization had to work so hard that one exercise overlapped with the need for another.
The proletarian writer's alliance and the cultural activities of the time probably contained an avant-garde character in such circumstances, so the main members of the alliance, a popular literary organization, were the proletarians of the time. The more I thought I would be faithful to the literary movement, the more I was able to suppress individual remarks in the scene of commercial journalism like other people. As a proletarian writer, I was asked to say that what is inside the organization should be resolved within the organization, without being dismissed by the debate about the operation of the organization and the remarks about literary issues in general. was.
Currently, this situation has changed completely. There is a political party. There is also a labor union. Many cultural groups exist in their respective disciplines. As a democratic literary person, talking about literary issues cannot even talk about the inside of the literary organization to which I belong.
With this understanding, I must be able to speak. [# With ground] [January 1951]
[# Unfinished]



Bottom book: "Miyamoto Yuriko Complete Works Vol. 13" Shinnihon Shuppansha
First edition issued on November 20, 1979 (Showa 54)
Issued the 5th printing on March 20, 1986 (Showa 61)
Parent of the bottom book: "Miyamoto Yuriko Complete Works Vol. 11" Kawade Shobo
Issued in May 1952 (Showa 27)
First appearance: "Literature"
January 1951 (Showa 26) issue
Input: Takuji Shibata
Proofreading: Susumu Yoneda
Created April 23, 2003
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
