Mermaid mystery rock killing
Mushitaro Oguri
-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]
"":ruby
(Example) Asao Sato Rainbow "Asaorikou"
｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Quite | Familiar << Familia >>
[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Numbers are JIS X 0213 area area number or Unicode, base page and number of lines)
(Example) * [# "Tree + felling", U + 6830, 207-8]
-------------------------------------------------- -----
[# 4 indentation] Introduction: The disappeared mermaid [# "Introduction: The disappeared mermaid" is the middle heading]
Although I was walking in a few theaters now, a long time ago, the troupe of Asaori Niji had a hut-hanging open-air play era.
That's why the name is quite familiar to our ears, and it's also a "Familiar", and even if that tragedy didn't happen, why couldn't it be forgotten?
That is, the troupe had a special performance event that could be said to be one place in Japan. That was none other than the bloody drama "Koroshimono".
So, to give you one or two examples, in "Sakura Sogoro", you can see the mechanism of piercing the flank with a non-human spear, and the mud game of the summer festival, Ise Ondo Oil Shop. Aside from the ten swords of the Tenka Chaya, the Motoemon of the Tenka Chaya is a gesture that requires you to cover your ears and close your eyes because it even pulls your heart out as in the original. 》 Was performed openly, and the scene of obscene, bizarre, and brutal events continued from then on.
In addition to that, there are also performances of Keren things that can not be seen nowadays, and in "Komachi Sakura" and "Tenjiku Tokubei Hanko", the sitting head "Zagashira" Since Sato Niji made a dizzying dubbing and even used ventriloquism, the audience was naturally struck by the bloody illusion, and somehow, a dreamlike thirst. Came to embrace this troupe.
However, the strange 《Mystery》 here is a story of Yotsuya Kaidan from north to south, but that was the only time I had ever been on the stage of this troupe.
In fact, when I was a child, the author had been in contact with this troupe's signboard several times, killing Kasane and Sozenji Baba's Oishi, or the poisonousness of a large snake. The slippery face of Bunjiro is stopped like a nightmare at the time. Therefore, if Oiwa and Iemon were still in contact with the face of Takuetsu at that time, the wounds that the author suffered from his childhood would be even worse. It seems that it was deeper than that.
However, it wasn't the usual causal storyteller in small plays.
At the high seat of the yose, Koza, the face of the youkai that emerges in the light of cancer and the horn band are squeezed and the baby's cry is heard. -It wasn't such a humorous scary thing. It was a tragedy of blood and human body formation that could not be resembled in truth.
This is a masterpiece created by a frenzied flesh, overcoming God's rules and human rules, and the people of the Satorainbow troupe are like those of oil hell. , lend slip tread Merakashi of the tread, the slime of Tomedonai foot, was going crowded fell not bottomless pit.
Therefore, the author wants to talk about that secret "Onmitsu" hand.
In order to do that, we have to carefully unravel the thread of fate and draw it all the way to the final tragedy, but first and foremost, we touch the predecessor of the rainbow in order, and that amazing bizarre. I would like to clarify the connection.
At the beginning of this century, a criminal colonization was carried out on the island of Ribe, a territory of Denmark, at the initiative of Dr. Keller. Furthermore, one or two centuries later, during the time of Friedrich Wilhelm I, he tried to marry a giant man and woman from the emperor's unusual hobby to create a so-called Potsdam giant. However, even in Japan, there are still things that seem to be a combination of the two during the Tenmei era.
That was Kishu Ko | Anegawa "Anegawa" whale hunting "Tangei".
Even in Masafumi, although it is a faint, as the suspicion of smuggling with the Western coral reef "Spain" is stated, the character of the unrestrained "Fukihonpo" that is unavoidable is the south of the Ryukyu Islands. ｜ I found a small coral reef in the southeastern part of Kerakara Island, Mota. On the other hand, the criminal men and women with excellent physical constitution were sent there, and eventually a giant training method suitable for a valet was tried.
The island was named Ikidojima, and after the storm, by the time the air was cold and comfortable, it was exposed to the stripes of the setting sun and was distant from Mota Kara Island. It was. Among them, the prisoners were constantly rushing to change the atmospheric pressure, the appearance of large waves that swallowed small waves, and the roar of submarine earthquakes such as thunder. I was distracted, but eventually, when I knew all about the harmony of the ocean, I quietly waited for the day of forgiveness-but it got a giant in their next generation. It's a matter of fact.
However, a mysterious prisoner soon came to this isolated island.
As you can see from the fact that the whale's gagô is unbundled, he also had a communiqué side, and he especially loved the actor. However, in the end, it became a terrible thing, and I wondered if it would be true. Was piled up. The light snow is the breather of Saga's second-ranked lord, and one is a Senryo actor who has no gatekeeper and has been knocked up from under the seven cars, but at last the two are small islands outside the island. The scent of the declining flowers, separated by the sea, became a reminder of the isolated island of the sea.
However, the location of this isolated island has finally disappeared from the records of the Anekawa family due to the change of country at the same time as the death of the whale.
However, perhaps decades later, the document sent to his parents' house at Ryushima was discovered by the Saga family, and the history of Ryushima was finally overwhelmed by the sun. I was supposed to see.
That is, in March of the 1st year of the Meiji era-the head of the Saga family confided to Professor Bernard de Quiros, a prominent physiologist who traveled to Japan on the sailing boat "Yacht". On my way home, I begged him to stop by the isolated island, but for some reason, the professor who moved to Hanover didn't make any noise, and as the stars changed, he suddenly changed. It was forgotten.
However, this year, the secret about the isolated island was exposed because a document and an oil painting were sent as a professor's relic.
The author wants to end the beginning of this case by posting the full text on the next line.
――Sunset on April 17, 1878 | Around the time of "Majika", I wandered over the sea at latitude 27 degrees 6 minutes north latitude 130 degrees 5 minutes east longitude at the request of the Saga family.
However, when I looked at the appearance of Ikitojima from a distance, I was completely surprised. The wonder of coral reefs is nothing more than a large petal that has taken root in the sea and opened in the sky. The red-purple lump reminded me of a Japanese orchid "Netherlands" -style cut rice paddy. Shimakage was burnt to sulfur due to the setting sun, and a straight ray of light pierced the hill in the center.
The breeze blew the scent of the sea mixed with the scent of palm flowers toward me.
However, while doing so, there was something that suddenly appeared in my eyes, and the fierceness of that urge made me even drop my binoculars.
After that, I was absorbed in madness and lent the binoculars to the sailors who took turns, but all of them fainted.
When I was a child, I used to believe that trees were youkai in the misty atmosphere, but in this case it is definitely not the case. Gradually, my soul hated returning to reality. Then, while listening to a phrase of a poem, he was immersed in the pleasure of illusion-because he saw a mermaid playing in the beach in front of him.
The upper body, which is a beautiful female body, shines in a dark ultramarine blue color from the waist down, and the tip of the ankle, which is slenderly dressed, has the legendary caudal fin. there were.
She moves with a cat-like moxa, and when she reaches out, her hair hangs down like algae, and it flutters like a leaf in a fruit in a reef. Looked.
There, I headed for the island at once, but there were many reefs and it was the next morning that I landed.
However, surprisingly, the mermaid disappeared somewhere overnight, and I only picked up two Japanese youths and two young children, Eiji.
Therefore, I decided to leave the island and head for Mindanao, but that evening, the nightmare came back again. This time, I had to experience the horror of a raw, raw reality.
It was just after sunset the next evening, something like a capstan, and there was a sound of hitting the side, so I lowered the potter's wheel into the dark sea.
Then, the huge net gradually emerged from the depth of darkness while splashing golden drops. However, at that moment, I felt that my heart was grabbed by the enormous power.
It was like a board door * [# "tree + felling", U + 6830, 207-8] "raft", but on the surface, two infants who are still breathing are tied together. there were. However, when I turned it over, it was the body of a young woman with no neck or limbs.
I can still recall the scene at that time.
In the sea without the moon, red light was shining brightly, and a liquid jewel was dripping from the female corpse like a drop.
It is as if the woman's breast was transformed into a luxurious crown. Noctiluca shines as a giant diamond on the central nipple, and shining drops are starred on the pregnant grains. I'm sprinkling it. So how gorgeous this gruesome scene was!
However, soon after I regained consciousness and buried the woman's body, I set sail, but the problem was that the two Japanese youths could not understand the language.
However, I remember that one of them was uttering the word Asaorikou, but above all, it was unclear which of the two children belonged to. After that, I repatriated the above six people-that is, two young men, three boys and one girl, at the native port of Rusun Island, Baguai, but the unusual secrets I witnessed during that time are now known. Even crazy.
Is it a supernatural element, or is it the same as a dream, or is it simply that the entire crew has fallen into a pathological hyperactivity of the nerves? ..
However, there is nothing more to say about the amazing mystery.
The mystery is presented to the Saga family by including it in the width of the separate shipment.
[# 4 indentation] [# middle heading] 1, [# warichū] Naosuke [# line break] Gonbei [# end of warichū] * [# song symbol, 1-3-28] The end is torn apart [# # End of middle heading]
After reading as above, Hosui 《Norimizu》 Rintaro 《Rintaro》 saw the rainbow in front of him. He is dressed in a rare and astringent outfit today.
When I saw him wearing a sash of Hakata-ori on the pair of Tozan, which is a seven-threaded sword, I could see the remnants of the Black Death Hall everywhere. It is not found. Not only did he have experience as an actor himself, but he was also familiar with what this troupe was from the perspective of preserving special plays.
There was a playhouse in Soka, Musashi, and it was the 8th day of the night when the year was approaching.
The troupe who had even boarded the Haya Spring boxing was in a wheelchair in a dingy room.
A large bag and a cheesy slab caricature were all over the area, and the flower pattern on the wall was fading so much that I couldn't understand what it was.
Everything was just a gloomy thing, like the water's edge in rotten swamp water.
"How about Matoriya, you remember this?"
Hosui said so, Sato Niji nodded to Ingin. He had a strange expression that was neither nostalgic nor scary, and he was squinting.
By the time of the year, there were more than 60, and he had a solid, fat and bloody body like a bull. In addition to the dialogue, he has a habit of barking, and he has been an opium drinker for a long time, and his skin is somewhat creepy-edema like that of elephant skin tumor. "Swelling" was spreading all over.
However, it is not necessary to spend verbosity here that he is the one who was saved from the isolated island.
Eventually, Hosui turned his gaze on the wall on the side, and began to look at the painting leaning against it.
It was about 100 issues and was drawn in dark tones that seemed to go back for centuries. In fact, the mystery brought up by Professor Quiros became even more chaotic in this painting.
However, there are about two characteristics, and when one person is pale and struck down and is in agony, the other person holds down his right chest and has a similar expression.
The other was that both of them had thick finger joints, thin hair, and their heads were swollen like water heads.
[# The pattern drawn on the ankle (fig43679_01.png, 142 horizontal x 115 vertical) is included]
However, in addition to the above, there was another thing that was conspicuously mysterious. It may be more appropriate to say that both of them had a pattern on their ankles as shown above, which was--or stamped.
"I don't understand Professor Quiros's will, but when I look at it from a distance, I feel a little scared. Apparently, Borruwaski or Nicholas.・ Ferry-It smells ... "
Or, it may have originated from the contrast between vermilion and dark green, but in fact, from the picture, a devilish devil is approaching.
Hosui made a funny face, but at that time Nakayama ｜ Koroku 《Koroku》 came out from the corner.
This old man is bald, leaving behind the white hair that hangs down to the side of his ears, but his body is about eleven or two children-from where to where is a typical dwarfism. 》. Moreover, it is somewhat weak and the waist is bending.
Koroku slid out about half a tatami mat and laughed like a cunning 、
"Then, what kind of teacher. The name of the stranger you just mentioned has something to do with this pattern ..."
Speaking of which, Hosui was painfully looking at the deep wrinkles of the other party,
"No, it's nothing. Actually, I was a little attached to something else."
Although I said casually, his eyes were filled with a dark color, and he looked around with Girori and the six seats.
I think that the astute readers have already noticed, but aside from Koroku, the other four people with the rainbow are said to be the elderly, and somehow the four children of Ikitoshima << Isn't it reminiscent of "Akago"?
However, the magical power of the darkness was not limited to the moment. At that time, Hosui was just struck in such a way, and he didn't know as much as hair about a one-wheeled vehicle, which soon began to turn into a heartbeat.
Even after Hosui returned, the troupe remained silent.
In the dressing room at night, which was close to the frost, the fire was very scarce, the freezing outside spread to the room, and the fluttering of the Nobori was so cold that the sound of the teeth did not match.
Among them, Giemon Yamamura sticks out his nervous, pale face,
"By the way, I think I'll try to hit it in the spring. What would it be like to break the convention and try Yotsuya? Iyemon Wow, Oiwa is a mess, and the cast is roughly like this. "
By the way, he saw his face with a mischief.
The affair was a young onnagata 《Oyama》 in the troupe. Even in the cold, he doesn't try to hide his beautiful neckline by pulling out the clothing crest "Emon".
There were two worlds at the beginning of this encounter.
One was a man in the dressing room, and the other was a woman on the stage, but perhaps he eventually created a self-motivated Lenovo, and now his emotional behavior, language and clothing are no different from those of a woman. It has become a thing.
No matter how much the kimono was soaked in water and made transparent, he must not find any characteristics other than women. Then, although it is an old-fashioned play word, when I was pleased to be called "Nagi", and when I saw that the chopsticks were carried and the meal specifications were the same, it was Yamashita | Kumehachi "Kumehachi" You can see how it makes a striking contrast.
Kumehachi, like the other three, was an old actress with more than forty years old, but she had a tight and tense flesh, and had a somewhat disgusting face.
She proves that everything is masculine and that her dirty, dirty nails have no personal taste.
And it was Murajiro who had no characteristics among those three people.
This quiet, unsophisticated man had no features in his appearance and always smelled dusty in his hair--well, he was a man who didn't look like an actor at all.
However, when Sato Niji said that, he set his half-white eyes on Giemon,
"Yotsuya ... Hey, it's not so good."
Tell me to spit it out,
"Nou Tomodaya, you are a favorite of Professor Hosui, and he has also studied a lot, but he doesn't know about the new drama, and Yotsuya is facing north in this troupe. Sa "
Looking at the color print of "Sekimoto Oteru" dressed as Kiyotaro Iwai in the picture of Sharaku pasted on the wall,
"It sounds like a cheap Sharaku, but when I listen to it, Kiyotaro isn't that tall. However, Sharaku drew a long smoke tube, so I'll come back later." It seems that the noisy person spit out such a thing with a tall and balanced smoke tube. Why is Kiyotaro so expensive? "
It was a strange word that was off the topic.
However, despite that, Sato Niji was out of breath at best, and the veins of the 顳 * [# "Demand + Page", Level 3 1-94-6] "Temple" swelled up like a snake. I saw it.
He was staring at the nobori, which was fluttering outside, through the glass door for a while, but when his returned eyes touched a part of the cast,
"Okay, you can't even tighten the window. In this way, when you're in the wheel, you're inadvertently mistaken for a cho-han. Oh, there's a lot of wind, but it's blowing. It's good, but if it fits, that's it. "
He stood up suddenly, laughing and laughing at him with strange words.
That night Giemon couldn't fall asleep forever. The back door, which I forgot to close, keeps slamming because of the wind, and the wind that blows the road makes the pine decorations make a roaring sound. Suddenly, the sound reminded him of the skyquake of Lenovo Island.
――At first, what I thought was the sign of the numbers. It is that the four people in Ikitojima were not the first four people now, but even if you look at Professor Quiros's document, there is a sign that it is the third son and the first daughter, and there is no doubt about it anymore. It was.
Furthermore, another proof is that none of the four people know their real parents, and even if you look at the family register, they are the owners who founded the family.
And what I now know clearly is that any two of the four have Sato Niji as their father-whether the two on the island are the two who were swept away on the island. Also, who are the two fathers other than the child of Sato Niji?
There was no discrimination in the depth of the suspicion, neither reality nor illusion, and the more you rubbed it, the more protrusions that touched your head disappeared, and eventually he became ecstatic.
However, while doing so, when I suddenly touched the buzz of the pine decoration, his nerves became sharp again.
Then, this time, I went to Ikitojima, and while the mysterious mermaid Gyoe "Whereabouts" made me wonder if the corpse of a woman was--, somehow my grandparents on the island It reminded me of my life.
――Suppose a boy and a girl were born in the next era of their ancestors on that island. Then there cannot be morality, thought, language, or restraint.
What exactly did the surviving father and two daughters do on the day of Sodom's collapse? It is a hug, a flesh, a ritual of great silence-even Jehovah, the god of punishment, has forgiven it for the preservation of the race.
However, incest << Insest >> is ...
Giemon was surprised there, and thought of sharp pain, he was in a terrifying battle. He remembers the feverishness of the beast, even when he touches the nightwear.
It was 20 years ago for both of them, but because of the accidental play of the devil, Kumehachi Yamashita was raped overnight. However, even though I remember those days, I couldn't make a voice, I was a child like an older Toshima, and the stones were creepy and rumbling under my feet that ran away at that time. Even that now has the meaning of punishment.
What if the two were brothers and sisters "Aniito"?
Suddenly remembering the buzz of blood, Giemon scratched his chest without saying "I". An icy chill ran through the spinal cord.
He heard a tree-biting bug-like sound in his blood vessels. Immediately after that, Giemon was driven by a strong urge and jumped into the dressing room at a glance.
And, standing in the darkness for a long time, he was staring at the dull reflection of the oil paint.
However, my heart was full of resentment towards the rainbow.
Whether or not that man is his father for a while, if not, and if he did that on the family register side, then for the time being, the troubles of incest that he had experienced, etc. I think I tried to make my children lick it.
In fact, even if he was his own child, that man must have such a devilish personality.
Because of the terrible suffering, that psychology should not be called a miracle. Anyway, who are these four children? One, two, three, four-two of them must be the children of Sato Niji ...
And, while the illusions of numbers 1, 2, 3, 4-and so on, suddenly a strong spot-like light fell on 6 and 9, wondering what kind of psychological combination it was. .. At that moment, Giemon wondered if his hair had moved.
Because the shape combined with 6 and 9 is that of a twin foetation in the womb. There was a car of thought that quietly slipped over the velvet in that fierce confrontation that had no body or world-and he hadn't noticed until now. Is.
Then, the five senses became abnormal, and soon Giemon found a surprising feature in the picture.
It was a mirror image that is typical of twins.
Speaking of a mirror image, as most readers know, each half of the twins closely resembles the other side, such as left and right, right and left.
In the picture, it was in the whirlpool of the head, in the handedness, and in the distortion of the face, so it was clear that Giemon had grasped the final answer.
Two of the four must be twins--but when you put it on yourself, Giemon is now ridiculed all over the world. I felt like. However, there is also a depressing danger, like stepping on ice, and the hairs of the whole body stand upright one by one, wondering if there is something or not. When I remembered the impatience, what caught my eye was the cast | book, which was left on the tatami mat.
Then, when I opened the window, a refreshing milky moonlight came in, and at that moment, there was something that shot his eyes back.
Naosuke Gonbei-The name Giemon began to taste in the strange scent of darkness for some reason.
It was the part that Giemon first showed up when he put down the cast, and Sato Niji didn't even try to pick it up at a glance, but it was clear. His mockery was screaming.
Naosuke and Gonbei-the overlap of these two names is probably a symbol of twins that only Sato Niji knows, and in addition, he doesn't even know his real sister, and he has a sleeve and an incest. There must be a certain meaning of the bone-and-flesh incest "Insest". Then, Giemon stood still in the darkness with a pale face that seemed to lose blood every moment. However, while doing so, there was a faint light that suddenly came to his heart. The reason for this is that underneath it was written as Naosuke Gonbei, the name of the role, Arashi, Murajiro, was recognized.
Murajiro and Murajiro were Naosuke Gonbei, the sleeves were--and he expanded the whole sentence. And now I've grabbed the proof that doesn't work.
[# Indent 4 characters from here]
Naosuke Gonbei Jiro Arashimura
Oiwa sister sleeves Kumehachi Yamashita
[# End of indentation here]
It was a feeling that the bond entwined with Aya was finally unraveled. He was vaguely staring at the two names he had in his hand, with the feeling of being lazy, sunk, and the blood in his head dripping, as if he were dreaming. There is.
At that time, Sato Niji said that he was sick just by seeing Murajiro's name-and all the affairs he hinted at without saying anything, of the two names. Isn't it hidden in?
Murajiro and Kumehachi are clearly twins, and they don't know that, and Naosuke and his sleeves have fallen, and they are following the path of a devil. When I realized that, I felt a faint jealousy, but the misery and anguish I had had disappeared at once, and I forgot everything about the remaining blank glare.
Then, although I went to the floor again, the sound of the back door still did not stop, and I met in the meantime, and the raindrops fell as I remembered.
It had a rhythm like a heartbeat, and I thought it was close to the four people's chests.
Everyone must spend a sleepless night tonight, longing for strange parents, the erection of their mother's nipples, and the soft pulsing sound transmitted from the bottom of thick fat. thought. However, I felt depressed, and somehow it became moody, it could be a crime someday, and eventually it will occur in this troupe centering on the secret of Ikitojima, self-destructive action It was thought that it was also a sign of.
However, for some reason, the premonition was right that night.
At the same time as the next dawn breeze subsided, the appearance of the rainbow was wiped out ...
"Well, don't listen. The seated father would call me a shingeki collapse, but I left this seat for a while and couldn't become a strange coin, and I was imitating it. is there"
A few months after Sato Niji's Gyoe became unknown, the police asked him about it, and after all he was struck by the disappearance due to non-entry, but on that day, the four of them were in front of him. Uemon cut it out.
"However, the one I received the most was the one called" Tsubakihime. "It's okay, so I can't let you talk. There is a line. When Tsubakihime inserts a camellia flower in Armand's chest and says, "When will I see you next time?", She replies, "When this flower is deflated." However, in the play I did, Armand came to me with the flowers declining immediately. "
With a rugged spirit, Giemon looked around the troupe with Girori, but when the metaphor "parable" came to me, Sato Niji said, "When the wind subsides." That was the word.
In this case, it seemed like a secret in a secret, and I felt like I was looking into a strangely blue-black, bottomless pond.
However, the troupe was more casual, and no one was moved by this sharp metaphor.
However, Giemon's heart was full of suspicions about Jiro Arashimura. Oh, too, I was stabbed by a rainbow and a rainbow, and if he was known to be his father or not, then raise a needle rather than cover his mouth.
However, Murajiro is still silent as usual, so the tranquility sometimes made me feel a little creepy.
If Murajiro knew Giemon who entered the dressing room that night, I thought he couldn't help but grab the burning hot wax against his chest, and he stepped back without hesitation. Then, one by one, I must receive merciful wax tears from my hands to my arms and to my chest.
Then, as I spent the day in agony with the horror approaching the dimness, it finally became the first appearance of the troupe in Tohto with the liver of Hosui.
The night before the boarding, I was able to unravel one of the mysteries of the incident-it was the mystery of the rainbow, saying that the wind would subside.
It was the theater in Fujioka, Joshu, and it was just the day of Chiakiraku, with the boarding scheduled for two days, but Giemon was visited by Hosui for the first time in a while.
Behind the scenes, quivers and quivers used to kill Chinese people were scattered in a narrow space, and the space before the opening was somewhat lonely.
However, before I saw it for a while, Giemon was worn out without a shadow to see, and the lush shaving marks were conspicuous. To Hosui's eyes, it looked like a mica-based Ōkubi, or some kind of shini-e.
He cut out early while Giemon's head did not rise.
"I get letters often, but I think you think too much. Most of the time, the self-questioning self-answer is something that tends to go astray because you interpret your own mind. It's easy to exaggerate my state of mind. By the way, it seems that my face has changed a lot before I came for a while ... "
"Yes, I recently picked up a wig teacher with a fancy hair. I also play a bit part, and I added the name Asao Tamejuro, who is a great wig ..."
I remembered when I was told by Giemon, but when I was about to enter the dressing room, I remembered seeing an old man with a cloud. The old man was impressed with the unusually deep wrinkles, especially the unusual celadon skin color.
Giemon reassembled his knees and
"By the way, I'm sorry to say that I'm sorry about Murajiro, but I'd like to hear about the Gyoe" Yukue "of the sitting" Oyaji "."
I hurriedly interrupted what I said
"You think too much. You want to dissect in the dark. To be honest, your dissection may be more interesting than the case of Sato Niji."
Hosui's eyes smiled and smiled, and the unexpected change of Giemon was reflected. It seemed that he was biting his lips hard and enduring some fierceness.
"That Murajiro's brother has done something that he really didn't do. The teacher has taught me various things about the sexual roots and psychological interpretation of the role, but this time. This time, I'm resentful ... Actually, Kumehachi's brother and sister "Kyodai" wasn't Murajiro, but this one. "
He began to speak with an unexpectedly quiet attitude.
"Hey teacher, don't listen. I don't know when it was, but I heard that human beings want to show their movements with some figures, lines, corners, etc. It appeared in the village rainbow that night.
At that time, I looked out the window and watched the Nobori fluttering in the wind for a while, but after that, it was good because it was blowing, but the wind had to subside. It is called.
However, the next morning, when the wind subsided, I disappeared, so I began to think that we might have a mysterious magical power in that darkness. Then, as if it were attracted by a magnet, it was drawn by the human-free enchanting power.
However, how was it? By accident, I was able to learn the secret of the mime artist at that time.
It is an interesting anecdote even in our yakuza world, even if it is not expressed in difficult words such as symptomatic seizures "Jimpton Handlengen".
It's Namiki Namiki, who was said to be a master of cheating bills, and Kajiro, but at the end of the game, the game is decided by the shaved twenty. But, of course, Kajiro doesn't have that tag, so it must have been rather desperate. However, he thought hard and asked one person what time it was. Then, when one of them suddenly saw one of the two clocks in the circle, Kajiro threw the pong and the bill on the table and pointed out that one of them had won. have something to talk about. Because, if you don't look at the square ones at hand and look at the round ones that are far away, you must think that it is proof that you have twenty shaved heads.
So, in front of the teacher, Tokisato Niji, there was a place called Naosuke Gonbei (Arashimura Jiro) in the cast of Yotsuya, but before that, I was sure to see Murajiro's Nobori. Probably.
Generally, when the wind blows, a large wrinkle is often formed somewhere, and the character's flatness disappears, or when it is extremely difficult, the entire character is filled up. As a test, please remove the word "wind" from the upper half of Arashimura Jiro.
Isn't that a mountain village?
Hey teacher, after all that devil "Hitodashi" was me. And the wind that the sitting head said, "Yeah," implicitly ridiculed our relationship. "
"I see, in Floyd's complete works, I exposed what I was thinking about the house (Haus) in my heart and pronounced it as a waistband (Hose), and also death (Tod) and my heart. There is a description in it that misrepresents Anecdote as Anectode, but I think your analysis is wonderful. "
And Hosui did not express this feeling.
However, Yamamura Giemon's interpretation has now become a surprisingly tragic sight and has appeared before him-that disgusting incest was finally him.
Giemon was terrifying his whole body and looking at his hands reluctantly, but soon he followed his words.
"Then, the teacher, Tokisato Niji, saw Sekimoto's" Oteru Sekimoto, "and in fact Kiyotaro wasn't a very tall actor, but Sharaku mistakenly drew a pipe" Kiseru "for a long time. So, from that balance, posterity viewers believed that he was a tall actor.
However, isn't this a problem of so-called proportional "proportion"?
Although I don't need the verbosity "Kudagoto", I happened to be able to see a part of the secret of Ikitojima just because I knew the truth.
That's because Sato Niji believed himself to be a giant because he saw only another man on that island, so that the speed would not be known by train or steamer if there was no contrast to the outside world. It was. In that case, one of the opponents would have to be a terrifyingly short man, but I suspect that this is the case with Koroku Nakamura, who is still unknown. Since that dwarf was the only adult other than himself, Rirainbow believed himself to be a wonderful giant and tried to bury his wife and two twins, hoping for a ship's shadow.
That's because we were so-called male and female brutes.
However, aside from the twins, why did I have to kill my wife?
No, so far, I and Kumehachi were twin brothers and sisters, and because of the old custom, the twins had to be killed. In addition, Sato Niji believed that Quiros's ship was a pardon ship, according to a statement from his parents. In other words, you know that we are not at all arbitrary and our snooping is not overkill.
However, the question is who is Sato Niji's wife in the first place. Therefore, I would like you to think about one Quiros document from the beginning. "
Hosui suspected that Giemon in front of him was in a state of spiritual uplifting at this time.
Various images were replaced and replaced, and I saw them grazing through the other person's facial expressions at an amazing speed.
Giemon was coughing and panting as if he had been caught by some kind of scary power.
"Hey Teacher, I'm sure Quiros's document mentions that mysterious creature-a mermaid. However, when I landed, I couldn't see it and went up that night * [# "Tree + felling", U + 6830, 226-3] It seems that a female corpse with only a torso was attached to the back of the "raft". As a result of thinking too carefully about the conditions of forgiveness, Sato Niji tried to bury everything that wasn't in the world and that he was reluctant to do. "
"I see. It's a clear idea. The taste of that * [#" tree + felling ", U + 6830, 226-7] is exactly like the door plate. Now I understand why Sato Niji was seriously banning "Yotsuya Kaidan". "
As if Hosui's voice wasn't heard, Giemon smiled with a creepy smile.
"As expected, it's early to guess only the teacher, but above all, what I know is my mother.
If you cut off the neck of the mermaid and the waist, it would be just a headless woman.
When I saw the people at the beginning of Quiros who landed, I wondered if Sazori Niji would have disappeared from the soul--actually, I wonder where in the world there is a big man who is not as tall as his neck.
Then, teacher, recently, when I entered the bed rest, I could hear the sound of the pulse from my toes, but then my mother blew the smell of the sea from the pores. He puts it in and wraps me up like a cloud. "
[# 4 indentation] Two, face-down rock [# "Two, face-down rock" is the middle heading]
It was like a beautiful "glittering" illusion "aurora" that appeared in the interval of madness.
So to speak, a part of the reality that had been filled with reluctance until then was clearly changed to an attractive fairy tale << Togibanashi >>. Since he knew that, Giemon began to have a longing for his mother mermaid.
Oriori's mother looks into the cracks where mollusks are sneaking in, tears off her soft limbs, or slides on the moss to get over the reef and spout water. When avoiding, perhaps the silver gills and shell-like ears rang like flickering bells.
In this way, when Giemon began to immerse himself in the illusionary world, he felt like a different person, and it seemed that he had risen to a higher life.
At the height of that dream, I was able to antagonize that anguish of reality. However, on the other hand, he is well aware that the shape of the mermaid is a kind of deformity called "Gileniform", which is a fusion of both limbs, but what hinders his dream? It wasn't a thing either.
Perhaps otherwise, his mind would have been out of balance and quickly struck to the bottom of madness, but on the one hand he was in agony and on the other hand. Enjoying a hazy dream, he was able to stop on the brink of madness.
Then, a mysterious psychology began to occur in Giemon.
It's a strange attachment that you can't even think of, but what happened after you put on a legendary garment on a mermaid and started looking at it in a beautiful mist? The feelings towards Kumehachi, who had a light attachment until then, disappeared, and now he is asking for it, which is even more reluctant and burning.
It goes without saying that it is an affair that goes against the nature of nature. Furthermore, it can be called a kind of psychological deformity, but it is by no means a miracle.
Unexpectedly, the heart of Giemon was eroded by the worries of bone-and-flesh love that he was reluctant to listen to. If, as Professor Kraft Eving says, a person with a beautiful mother is surprisingly platonic to a beautiful woman, then that of Giemon is a kind of gynophobia. It will be nothing but.
He drifted in such a nightmare, and among the hellish tastes given to human beings, he was tasting one of the most fierce tastes.
Eventually, after a long silence, Hosui opened his mouth.
"But Tomodaya, this may not be possible. What if mermaids and bone-and-flesh incest were kept in mythology for the time being?"
While Giemon was squirming, what he came up with, Hosui's expression suddenly became stiff.
"By the way, I'd like to ask you another question now, but I hope you've come up with it recently. If it was that night, even if you killed Sato Niji, it's never psychologically unpleasant. It's not natural. "
"It will be Kumehachi at the same time."
With a clear, pale face, set it up perfectly,
"I don't know if I just have to do this. That night, the wind stopped at 3 o'clock in the theater, and it was probably six that I couldn't see it. It was about 15 minutes ago, but teacher, I don't think I'm still in this theater. "
Then, instead of seeing Hosui's face asking why--, Giemon took out a piece of paper from his pocket.
It had the power to nail it involuntarily because the following sentence was written under the strange pattern on the ankles of the twins in the painting of Quiros. ..
Giemon is not a role, ask Satorainbow and play Iyemon.
"But teacher, no matter how it looks, it can't be mistaken for a mermaid's handwriting. And, as I've learned for the first time, no matter how you think about it, the shape of this pattern is six | toes. It looks like a mermaid's claw fin that was on Ikitoshima. Anyway, the mystery of this uncertain squeeze depends on Mr. Koroku's mouth, but maybe Then, when I thought that something like a troupe would break, I couldn't inadvertently put it out in my mouth, and while thinking that the hairs in my body were standing upright one by one, a sato rainbow popped out from somewhere now. When I came to think that I might be able to provoke my relationship with Kumehachi, I couldn't stand even if I was there anymore, and when that happened, I heard the sound of blood from the tip of my nails. , Even though my limbs are cold, I can see that the blood that seems to have spilled up to the heavens. "
At that time, as Giemon was distressed and canceled, it was an eerie symbol << symbol >>.
The secrets of Ikitojima, the paintings of Quiros, the life and death of the rainbow, and so on, sank into the depths of the foundation, and eventually I couldn't think of it, self-destruction. It may appear as an action.
Even so, the earth is dark, it feels like you're wandering around, and you're not only clearly aware of the covert hands that invite you into the dark, but even in the dazzling daytime. I couldn't control the bizarre horror that hit him.
Hosui was staring at the other person's face for a while, but when he saw Giemon, who was chasing a daydream and following a crazy path, it seemed that he could no longer leave it alone. there were.
"By the way, Tomodaya, I was determined to just say this, but to tell the truth, you and Kumehachi are not real brothers and sisters. I am your body. I'll tear off those scary claws. "
At the moment | Looking at Giemon, who looks dizzy, with a smile,
"You exposed the secret of Twin Toshima to it, and then there was one well that didn't catch your eye. Then, put the lid on. Let's open and take a peek at what you have discovered that adds to the characteristics of twins.
You missed only one part of Quiros's painting. "
Hosui smiled again in the eyes of Giemon, who said, "What is the picture of Quiros?"
"I mean, when one is suffering, one child is holding down his right chest with a similar look. To tell the truth, no matter what it is, the twins. It's a characteristic of the deformed "Double Manstar".
At the end of the nineteenth century, the famous Chang and Eng Bunka brothers-that was when he died in 1872. At that time, a person named Paul Galinski announced the result of the dissection, and the visceral dysfunction was described in it. In other words, one person on the right, who has an adhesion at the xiphoid process of the chest, has the heart on the right and all other organs on the opposite side of the left. And that phenomenon has been tolerated by renowned teratologists such as Schwalbe, Santirail, Felster, and Lechelle, and those on the right side of the twin teratology have the same heart on the right. It turned out that.
Hey Tomodaya, do you know that twin deformities have the same health, sensation, and emotions? And even if one has a mild illness, one may feel uncomfortable. In other words, in that picture, the fact that the facial expressions are the same and that one child, the child, is holding down the right chest, was Professor Quiros's representation of the Telterre symbol. What's more, if you find out that dizygotic twins can't have the Siamese brothers at all, you'll definitely wake up from a nightmare.
In other words, you were separated by Professor Quiros's surgery, like Rosa and Jose. Hahahaha Even if you look around so much, where do you still have the scars from your baby's basket? "
Siam Brothers-If it was one of the most hellish names in the name of one wheel, Sato Niji would have had to be buried from the world with her mother's mermaid.
When Giemon heard the unexpected name, he felt like he was in a new, magical dream. However, when he was clearly cut off from the horror of reality, a suspicion that he had never remembered came to his mind.
That is to say, when Hosui's guess is that Kumehachi is not a brother or sister, he naturally has to ask either Murajiro or Aichi for a twin-shaped partner. I have come to think about which of these is the case, and how to connect them, whether it is the chest or the back-to-back recommended bones.
At all, the two are endlessly intertwined and eventually buried in a cloud layer that is invisible, but again, if one of the twin deformities is in a mess. In one case, his love affair was somehow scared.
It is because, no matter how platonic it is, it is nothing but spiritual | incest << incest >>.
However, all of his suspicions will eventually be resolved by Korokuchi's mouth-that Iki Toshima's only survivor must be able to tell everything now. In the heart of Giemon, of course, the twin-body deformity was half-believed, and in particular, the attachment to the affair was secretly prayed.
However, the reason why the main body of one body was revealed on that day is that Hosui began to listen to what happened during the confrontation.
From somewhere, the pleasant sound of the glass "Gearman" echoed with a certain rhythm, like the clinking and the easy glass "Glass Harmonica".
"Hey Tomodaya, apparently I have to go to the prop room from now on. I'm sure there was a lantern of Kuribo" Gearman Busa "that was used for" Killing the Tang "in his place" Asuko ". Someone there? I'm hanging my neck. Look, take a break, I'll start doing it again. Take a break again ... "
Giemon suddenly changed his complexion when he heard it, but Hosui's clairvoyant nerves could easily count fifteen even in one murder case at the Black Death Hall.
Eventually, when I came to the corridor of Yokoai, Giemon stopped there as if it was nailed.
Because I could see both hands of Koroku, who went down steadily through the glass door, which was open toward the corridor.
And the mouth is swallowed, and it's just open to the desire for something-Koroku hangs a lantern on the left and right, a rope on a string. He had been hanged and died.
"Hey teacher, did Koroku try to die from himself, or was he hung by someone?"
Giemon hugged the body of this old man, Shuju, and said so unintentionally.
However, it wasn't the purple lips, with sparse teeth peeking through. If it's not a mysterious force that can read his thoughts at all, then there is no reason for Koroku's death to appear quickly, as he agrees-only one, that scary thing. The only man who can unlock the secret has died ...
Then, he couldn't measure the depth of this tragic drama, but in the meantime, an unexpected joy came.
It was discovered that Koroku still had body temperature, and as a result of total artificial respiration, this old man was finally able to resuscitate.
Then, I suddenly stood up and the breath coming out of my chest echoed painfully.
"Hey, twins, that's the one who goes through his place, Asuko. He's the one who sticks his chest to his chest."
With a bloody phase that seems to be dirty, touching the beast, he pointed to the front while shaking, but after that, he leaned against Hosui's arm. , Again, he muttered strange words.
"Hey, you guys say that I'm small because everyone wants to come by. But the truth is that it looks small, I'm not, I'm Juro because I'm there. Me >> is ... "
At that moment, everyone's eyes were poured on Juro from the cage to get out of the bath, but the old man just laughed lightly and pulled up the deep wrinkles with a sloppy hand.
"I'm not a joke about the dwarf. Koroku-san hasn't returned to his sanity yet. Rather, the Toyotake-ya (dwarfism) is a twin. "Twins" means what happened again. "
"Hey, I'm a twin. But I'm the only one who has passed in front of Mr. Koroku right now ..."
And Aichi seemed to be shy, but it all seemed to be a woman, ashamed.
He noticed Hosui and quietly gave a bow,
"But, did Mr. Koroku hang himself on his neck, or did anyone else ..."
It wasn't an unnatural question in this case that he said that he was crazy.
The reason is that there was a trace of a walnut-sized nodule on the neck of Koroku, which apparently made me smell of murder.
However, on the other hand, no matter how much Koroku is watermarked, he is only a watermark and does not say a word.
Hosui also had a troubled face,
"I see, that's exactly what Toyotakeya says. In fact, even if you look at Stafen's" Ze Digest of Criminal Evidence "", in most cases | , It happens when the string is long and the dead person turns around. However, in rare cases, such as the confession of the criminal, there may be exceptions. "
When he saw that Koroku began to fall asleep, he spoke to Giemon's ear.
"If you can't say why you have to hang yourself and you can't even say the name of the perpetrator, this troupe's state of war may be unexpectedly serious. I'm sure there must be a bottom and a bottom that we can't think of.
By the way, for reference, let me explain why I found this old man's hanging.
This is a simple wave principle, but for example, if you throw two stones into a pond, it will cause ripples in the same way. However, if you throw a larger stone in the middle, if the ripples are in the same direction, the previous two will disappear. In other words, these two strabismus bunches vibrate when the old man's neck hangs at first, but then the twists gradually decline and reach the limit while they reach a dead end. It stands still. Also, when it is unraveled next and returns to the initial state, the force is applied again and it starts to vibrate. I received an extraordinary revelation from that rhythm. "
In fact, the troupe had a strangely unstable air that seemed to rise from moment to moment. Hosui only felt it faintly, and that day soon returned.
However, the events of this day mean, for Giemon, the overthrow of all the hypotheses he has built up.
If Koroku was true, and if the dwarf of Ikitojima was Tamejuro, who was the one who built this troupe with the rainbow? Also, when it comes to the fact that Juro, who appeared like a wind, is the truth, why does Koroku know the news during that time?
However, above all, it was Koroku who struck Giemon deep into the depths of despair, not only that the affair was a twin-shaped half-split, but also that the chest and chest were adhered, so-called sword-shaped. This is because it turned out to be a protrusion fusion "Difobags".
In that case, his attachment to the stupor became completely unpleasant, and he again sank deep into the stupor.
It was like an abominable dream that middle-aged people often see. That's because, considering the time between Kumehachi and Ai, who are close to each other these days, a strange daydream sometimes appears in front of him.
Aside from one woman and one onnagata "Oyama", its beautiful roundness "Marumi", scented scented "Nama", and annoyance, even at Orifushi "Blue Tower 12 o'clock", it was terrible. When he hit the screen of the dragon's tick, Hata and he turned down the scent. If the dreams of the three people draw a phantom image and communicate with each other, there is a stage-figure lie down on the Kamodan after they return, and from that side they squeeze the eyebrows. Kumehachi, who is trying to get in, will be frowned upon by the warmth he left behind.
Even if that was not the case, Giemon began to be at the mercy of the strange "mysterious" psychology peculiar to the twin body shape, even after he knew that.
It was an eternally unsolvable circular theory.
The two deformed twins are neither one nor two, and life seems to be two, but this is not always the case.
In that case, just as the amplitude of the clock was gradually narrowed, the attachment to the affair, after all, seemed to fall in love with oneself. Then, it was wondered if the 4th dimension became the 3rd dimension, then the 2nd dimension, and finally all of the outside world would sink into itself.
However, that is clearly a precursor to madness.
Giemon remembered the first night, trying to escape from the dangerous whisper. And, above all, I thought that I had to step on the site.
At that time, Koroku and Ai were separated by a bunch of glass "Gearman", and Koroku certainly looked double because of its three-ridged mirror "Prism". It was thought that it wasn't.
However, this time, unlike the plan, the prism was a double-refraction three-ridge mirror.
Therefore, it is not reasonable to see the appearance of the affair twice.
In this way, while denial and affirmation were back to back and the whirlpool of confusion was finally spreading ripples, this troupe finally appeared for the first time in Tohto with "Yotsuya Kaidan". Then, on the first day of Kawarasakiza, a bloody tragedy that could only be seen as a muzan-e or a causal painting was aroused.
Because it is said that the "Tokaido Yotsuya Kaidan" in the north and south will be directed according to the original, Kawarasakiza at the end of the cramped place was a big entrance.
Kyogen ｜ Number 《Kazu》 has advanced, and finally we have entered the second “Yotsuya Kaidan”.
The second act, Iemon's wandering house, the so-called hair | combing place.
Oiwa was a mess, and Takuetsu was Koroku. The stage is a good mosquito net hanging inside a shoji screen, and a six-piece shoji screen is set up to create a ronin | dwelling body. The acting was already near the end of the curtain.
Oiwa: The color of the Yaya kimono and the appearance of the tsumuri. This is the face of a concubine "I" or the face of such a villain. Why, well, this is a concubine's concubine. The concubine really looks like a face.
The hair melted, wrapped in a dirty undershirt, and sprinkled with a strange odor that seemed to be released from the whole body, while the rock after childbirth held a mirror in his hand, and it was a horrible transformation. I was scared to look at it.
It was a terrifying color and a haze, and the terrible wonder was that even my heart could not be found by the audience.
Then, in response to Takuetsu, when the hair combing tool was brought out, Oiwa picked up the comb, and after all, after all,
Oiwa: If my concubine "I" dies, please go to my sister for this comb, which is a relic of my mother "Katami". Ah, tangled hair, at least through the teeth of a comb, which is a relic of a small amount. Oh, that's right
Then, when combing with a comb, the tangled hair was entwined a little at first and a bite at the second time, and such marks were an eerie white background that did not shine.
From there, blood oozes as much as a grain of blood, as if it had been filtered with silk.
Eventually, like the oil that spreads in the water, it begins to draw a string and a string, and when the surprised rock throws away the comb and grabs the hair in the right hand, it secretes the internal organs to the dregs. It was scary as if I was going to squeeze it out.
A single red hair that came off loosely, clasped in both hands, twisted with a grudge, and pulled a string, was neither color nor blood, and it was dark smoke. 》 It looked like a screw.
Oiwa: This rock, which is still unknown, is the very daughter of her death. To congratulate you, this is right in front of you. However, the grudge is Iyemon. The members of the Kibei family should be placed in Nani, Annon. If you think about it, it's a grudge.
Then, from the back of the tsuitate that drew the moon and the 葭, he climbed up and grabbed the collar of Takuetsu who was trying to stop it, and turned it upside down. It is the appearance of the curtain that hangs on the face of the muddy and Takuetsu, from the hairline "Haegiwa" on the top of the rock to "Namachi", which is a collection of raw blood.
However, such a gruesome color was still heard in the ears of the audience, and a depressing scream was heard from behind the curtain.
Thanks to the tsuitate, Koroku of Takuetsu, who was regarded as the only survivor of Ikitojima and showed a mysterious hanging himself earlier, this time, his white eyes were exposed and his limbs were shrunk. It was because he was out of breath.
This unexpected sudden incident stopped the performance of the day only at the hair combing place.
And after the crowd left, there was something that seemed to wriggle like a few ants in the wide space, with a swaying air swaying.
It was a group of four or five coroners in addition to Hosui.
However, suspiciously, there was no evidence of murder in the corpse. There are no signs of addiction, no scars like the tip of a needle hidden in the depths of wrinkles, and both eyes * [# "eyes + 爭", 3rd level 1-88-85] "Mihira" However, it is not lively and muddy like a wrinkle.
Therefore, the coroner estimated natural death from the corpse of Koroku.
"By the way, Mr. Hosui, if you listen to it, you can say that" Yotsuya Kaidan "has never been performed in this troupe. That was the cause of the shock" shock "death of this old man. As you can see, the thymic ghost constitution is terrifying and sensitive to shocks. However, because of the impulsion, he died in a place invisible to the audience, so the suspicion is a little. I don't think so. "
Hosui was playing with the one side of the rock, the wig, which was beside him, without hearing the coroner's words.
It covers the area under the right eye, and it is made by unraveling the skeleton, passing it through a needle one by one, and planting it in a habutae.
In other words, there is a technique of combing hair there ... At that time, from the taste of the wig master Juro, when the curtain is seen, the lighting is dimmed and only the eyes are whitened. The terrible poisonous blood that oozes out in bright red is painted on the inside, and it is made to stand out with phosphorus. And again, at a later date, none of the blood glue red dripping on Takuetsu's face was detected.
Hosui saw the coroner as he remembered for the first time when he put on the wig.
"I see, it's a shock death. But when it comes to shock, you don't know what the contrast is. Hahahaha, I was shocked and died like the wind. ――By itself, if you are sensitive to secrets, you will be struck by the human being. Maybe you know that you dimmed the lights at the end of the curtain, At that time, there was something that stopped the heartbeat of this old man. "
And, when I saw what I picked up from the floor, everyone was not a little surprised.
It was a mirror that reflected the transformation of Oiwa, and it was an old-fashioned long-handled iron mirror that could hardly be seen these days. And on the back side, the pattern of six "mu" and "thistle" is transparently carved.
However, when Hosui returned the table, everyone shouted.
The reason for this is that the mirror surface was marked with five finger marks in red, as if it had exuded thinly.
"By the way, did you know that there is a kind of mysterious phenomenon in these old iron mirrors? That is, even if the mirror has nothing on the surface, once it is exposed to light, a mysterious pattern that can not be said is reflected in the front. However, its true identity is the relief on the back of the mirror. When you first polish the mirror, the lower part with the pattern is dented at one end, but eventually the day goes by. As it goes by, it rises and eventually reflects a mysterious image. Of course, this mirror also reflects the six hands as it is, but the problem here is on the surface. It's the five finger marks that I've arrived at. I don't know if it's a coincidence, but it matches the interval between the six bas-reliefs, so when it gets quite dark, it's a rock. You have to see something on your left cheek. What exactly is a palm-shaped thing with a sharp, eleven spines? "
With that said, Hosui looked over the faces of the seat members, but everyone was fainting as if they were frozen.
For no longer verbose, it was a mermaid caudal fin-shaped crest, clearly shown in that devil's costume-when and Giemon. ..
The unexpected appearance must have shocked Koroku and stopped his emotions, but then the question of who was the master of the finger marks remained there. Moreover, it has one characteristic: not only the right hand, but also the ring finger and the unnamed finger are almost the same height, and the thumb "Oyayubi" is slightly sideways, and it is impossible to distinguish it from the little finger. It was.
However, after that, I left the seat and conducted a thorough investigation, but it was finally decided to be a mess.
"By the way, Tomodaya"
Hosui visited Giemon on his way home,
"Of course, if you look at my guess criminally, it's probably not worth anything, but it's not a dream," says Gingoro Imazato in the props. I wonder if there was a man with a good belly and full of cuts in his face. At the time of the curtain, all the guys who were under the abyss at that time, including that man, had their mouths aligned. It is said that Koroku heard a voice screaming, "Woom, swearing, swearing." However, I have a feeling that if I was euphoric about the charm of such a darkness, it would be a mess now. "
That night, a scary night came to Giemon.
The reason for this is that, taking this incident as an opportunity, the nerve sway that continues to bother him again has begun to occur.
It was also a mirror image of the example, "Mirror Image", and I unexpectedly discovered its characteristics in my left hand. His left hand is the same as his right hand, and the heights of his two fingers are also the same, so if the distinction between the thumb and little fingers is not true, then by no means, It can no longer be said that the criminal is a little finger.
Even if it isn't, I often experience daydreaming these days, and sometimes I get away from my consciousness, so I'm afraid to close my eyelids. Even so, that scary thing couldn't be wiped out, but on the other hand, the life and death of the daydream was also considered, and something great in this troupe. Isn't there something scary or supernatural? It has also been thought that it is a strange existence that strangely communicates with oneself.
However, the next day, it seems that a warrant for the affair was issued the night before, and a group of plain clothes waiting for the closing << splash >> was keeping a keen eye in the audience.
The stage is now the third act, Sunamura ｜ Hidden << Onbo >> moat place.
The back is a high-legged bank, a well-made bridge, a floodgate next to it, and under the bank is the body of a rotten dead algae and a tidal flat. In front of the tidal flat, there was one side of the main water, which continued until the curtain of Hanamichi, and everything was similar to the predecessor right group.
Iyemon: Yoshinaki Akiyama, just a mess, an important sumi stick on his mouth, and handing it over to him, this old evil. I didn't have to go to a place where I didn't need a hate. Let's raise the rod.
However, Iyemon was still unskilled, and when he was staring at the float, his hair was eventually squeezed, and then the teeth of the comb he pulled up were entangled with one line and two lines. Hair removal, finger weeping, its paleness.
The time was twilight, the place was a hidden moat of 100,000 tsubo, and everything was in the shadow.
Then, along with the frighteningly scary thin muddy, a piece of Sugito wearing a 菰 《Komo》 flows from the poor side.
At the end was a lump of rotten rope, on which a frog jumped and did not move.
Iyemon was astonished involuntarily,
Sugito, which I remember a little.
As soon as I tried to remove the needle tip from the door plate and slipped on it, the corpse slipped off, the skin was wilted, the blood was lumpy, and the corpse of the rock was fleshed out. However, it appeared only slimy.
However, at that time, aside from the surprise of the audience, Giemon Yamamura, who dressed as Iyemon, pierced his back.
The rock was backwards, and only the doll maker who put the protective bag in it was awkward and awkward.
Iyemon: Don't float yet. Namu Amida Butsu Namu Amida Butsu. If you stick out to the river as it is, it's a black kite or a crow. When the work is exhausted, become a Buddha.
Then, when he kicked the door plate, he turned over and the small Buddha, Kobotoke, Kodaira, who was covered with algae, said, "The intractable disease of the Lord, the medicine." I was wondering if I would offer it, but it also turned to the back.
At that moment, Giemon felt that the blood in his whole body was just like regurgitation, and now he is being ridiculed all over the world.
The stage is different, and the face-to-face between Oiwa and Kodaira is that of the two-body deformity that once adhered to the chest.
However, Giemon shook up his energy,
Iyemon: Another dead spirit.
When I cut it into a corpse unannounced, there was a big muddy, and a substitute door plate was presented from between the wandering curtains "Namiku", and with the skeleton still on it, I pointed to the flower path in the main water "Honmizu". It was flowing.
However, at that time, Giemon stopped moving like a statue and stared at the top of the door plate with the fishing rod supported by his arm.
He felt a pulse like a horse, and even an illusion occurred, and I thought that the 蘆, Dobashi, water, and everything would disappear in the glittering heat haze. What kind of devil's work is it? The skeleton on the door plate has limbs and necks tied together, which makes a mermaid an elephant. This is because it felt like that pattern.
However, when the floodgate was opened and Yomochi, who wore a waterfall-flowing yukata, appeared, the stage jumped from the gruesome pole to the top of the splendid place. The north-south peculiar life care "Kisewa", that terrifying voice, pale face, and shadows that were just wrapped up turned into old dreams and flew away somewhere.
However, in the middle of that, as Itado progressed, something like golden fat gradually spread on the surface of the water. Then, as he went down the flower path, he gradually leaned to the right, and when he finally reached the bottom of the curtain, the surrounding spectators screamed depressingly.
When I saw it, the door plate turned around, and there, Hanagiri Aichi, who wore a rock costume and had a miserable hole in his throat, was sticking out of the algae. It was.
In this way, in the midst of the crowd, the presumed criminal Aichi, who killed Koroku, exposed a brutal corpse.
[# 4 indentation] Three, I'll show you moving even if your neck flies [# "Three, I'll show you moving even if your neck flies" is the middle heading]
The corpse had thick folds swelling all over, the ribs were raised, and the wound was from the left side, and the carotid artery was pierced by something like a blade.
However, various parts of the body that died, became stiff, and did not move forever have had an unusual meaning to Hosui's eyes. He used to see through the water and squeeze the floating algae many times, but the dripping blue water gave him a clear disappointing color. It was.
He turned around Giemon by his side and
"How is it, Tomodaya, you don't care. This is a very terrible bleeding. However, only plasma and fat are floating, and the blood of the liver and kidney | Kaname" is in this water. I just can't find it. The corpse had such an obvious emaciation, and where did the blood go? In the water dyed with indigo, If there is a red one, it looks dark, so if you look at the color, it's obvious. Then, Tomodaya, it means that the death of the emaciation was not done in the door plate. You know. "
Then, when I picked up the obsessive algae, I twisted it and gazed at the color of the dripping water, and the scene of combing my hair was reminiscent of it. And it was so awesome that I wanted even the self-examination of the lower seat "Geza" called "the light of the hair".
However, the fact that there is no bleeding in the water, on the other hand, has limited the murder scene to areas other than the stage. Then, of course, the question of face-down rocks arose, and fortunately, the darkness of the scene raised the suspicion that it was someone's three roles.
However, in the meantime, the behind-the-scenes investigation was over, and a truly amazing report came.
I searched every corner of the seat, but not only did I not find a drop of blood, but everyone said that I didn't hear the noise of the fighting, and I just used it from the room of the encounter. He only picked up a syringe of iodine.
When that happened, the disappearance of the bleeding became a truly amazing miracle, and as early as Hosui's face, a confusing color appeared.
Therefore, the investigation of the abyss was to be carried out in a hurry.
In the abyss of this seat, the color peculiar to the small play appeared, the ceiling was low, everything gradually decayed, and it was dark like a bone.
And the white wall and the potter's wheel in the center are hung with the ghost clothes of the funnel "Jogo" used for "Yotsuya Kaidan", the Buddhist altar return, the lantern mechanism, etc. It was just a substitute like the swamp water itself.
However, Hosui was able to hear the technique of returning the door plate from the mouth of Murajiro who was there.
"In other words, why do you use it for the main water outlet, put a rock in it, and there are two Sugito. By the way, when I come in front of Iyemon, I pull it in from the shadow of the curtain, and this time, everyone raises up the person with the actor, and at the same time as the trigger, sticks out. However, as you can see, there is a sugito curtain, so the abyss is at most a two-candle light bulb, and the human face can be distinguished by the way it is. In bad times, it is difficult to know where Sugito is, so I made two of them with the same holes. By the way, as you can see, this Sugito is made a little wider. And there is an actor in between, and only the face sticks out from the hole. What a lonely love, the outside is a costume with a tie, but today it's nothing. Mysteriously, someone might have pushed it in by mistake, but Toyotakeya went backwards because it wasn't Toyotakeya-you said he was killed at last. Suka. I'm not kidding, because we're listening to the line "Serifu" properly. "
"What did you hear the line of affair?"
Hosui completely lost his complexion at that time.
"Even so, I didn't just listen to it, everyone did. Hey, Gingoro--"
Looking at the props full of facial injuries beside him, Murajiro asked for his consent.
"Anyway, it was Toyotakeya who first came in because of the book-making. Then, while we were wearing Namigire and giving Sugito, what did we see? Sugito screamed that Mr. Akumehachi-san, so I closed my mouth when I shouldn't listen to it, but soon after that it became a line of rocks and a small Buddha. "Kobotoke" Kodaira "Kohei" finished and finally took down Sugito, but after that, it was a quick work that I could not have time to breathe. Another Sugito that I had drawn in before, a skeleton I hooked it up and pushed it into the main water. Yes, I saw it. Of course, before that, I pulled it out into a Yukata in the waterfall and saw the Toyakeya that jumped out. I wonder why Toyakeya-Hey-sensei, now in front of me, playing a slack while looking at his own corpse [# "Playing a slack" is a side point]-"
Murajiro has become painful to make his throat squeak and breathe out.
However, this incident has risen to the height of confusion.
Currently, two Sugito are standing in front of me, but even so, there is no costume of Kodaira Kobutsu, and it is also wet with water, and the costume is in front of me. Isn't it thrown to the floor? Then, the most rational interpretation became impossible, and the criminal took advantage of the darkness and played Oiwa, Kodaira, and Yotsuya Kaidan in three steps. Before that, Aichi was killed by Makuai, and Sugito, who hid his corpse, might have been pushed into the water without knowing it.
Although it seemed like that, above all, the voice of grief and the disappearance of blood, which were driven like a wedge, denied it from the ground up.
And the mystery of the face-down rock has disappeared far away in the cloud layer.
However, the next day, when Hosui visited Kawarasaki-za, it was just the end of the fourth act, and it was about to reach the "Jayama-an room" from now on.
When Giemon saw Hosui's face, he cut it out as if he couldn't wait, even though he was a sword.
"Actually, it was one night last night, and I felt like I was ten years old." By the way, I feel like I've heard a faint voice, but the problem was after that, I actually used it last night. I pulled out my sword and saw it, but I think there was a faint fat on it. At that time, when I saw that face-to-face, I was surprised to see the Siamese brothers. I was reminiscent of it, and I became a sibling. And maybe I stabbed my throat in the beat of the action I cut, but when that happened, the puppeteer who made me dance. However, by all means, one person is needed here. It must be one of the six people who were in the abyss at that time, the person who pushed the throat face down when he entered Sugito. . Teacher, I wondered what the cause and effect was, I killed my real brother. "
Hosui shook his mouth for a while and didn't say anything, but it seemed that his whole body's energy had moved into his eyes.
"But Tomodaya, if you tell me that, you can't call it a brother killing. Actually, this morning's dissection gave me a confirmation that I couldn't move. There was no organ translocation peculiar to the brothers. Then, I think the three pulling two is one. Your one body is Murajiro. Moreover, those two are the children of Sato Niji. The proof is that the mermaid's caudal fin is shaped like an elephant. In fact, it is a rainbow-shaped "Drahen Sparten" and is stamped on a noble horse of the Trakenen breed. It was a stigma. In other words, Professor Quiros implied in that painting that the twin elephant shape was of the Saga family's lineage, but even so, it was somehow killed by me. I think you have to ask about your parent killing before that. Hey, yeah, you killed Sathong. "
At that moment, Giemon became fossilized, and for a long time, he did not change his posture. However, Hosui quietly followed the words.
"When did you ever ask you when the rainbow disappeared? Then you stopped the wind at 3:00 am and started making noise around 6:15. Probably--but when I looked it up later, the time when the wind stopped was already close to five o'clock, so I began to wonder what caused the lie. I suddenly came up with the fact that at 3 o'clock and 5:45, the clock face was at a right angle, and that it was rotating around 12 o'clock at noon. Tomodaya, a similar Lenovo, it's a really accurate psychochemistry "mental chemistry". And when I found the answer "shokou" from the word noon, I found the shortage of tablets in the drugstore. But then I can sympathize with the mourning of the mermaid only for the psychology that rewarded my father, whether he buried the corpse of Lenovo or threw it into the river. If you say | Floydish "Froidish", you can call it a completely different Edipos complex "Complex". "
And then, cutting off the words, Hosui softened his complexion a little.
"But you don't think I'll wait for my hand, and it must be a pity that I die without seeing the calm of this case. But above all, the first" Yotsuya Kaidan " You want to work to the end. All right. I'll let you hear the criminal's voice on the stage. "
Then, Giemon finally started the dramatic performance to decorate the last page.
His eyes are bloody, his breath is gasping, and his lines are out of tune, but the impatience he waits for now is a terrifying feeling to Iyemon at the end of his life. Was attached.
However, at that time, in the abyss, Hosui was talking about something in front of the six people.
"Or some of you may not know the former sitting village rainbow, but once upon a time, the village rainbow and Koroku had to go to Luzon for some reason. At that time, a physiologist named Quiros experimented with blood circulation in two infants, cutting one vein and placing iron chloride in it, and in the other vein, Inject physiologist potassium, and after 20 seconds, when the blood goes through, the iron chloride melts and turns a deep blue color. However, the reason why I was stunned was that I ended up changing the fertility and the physiologist Kari, and the fact that the bleeding became unknown to the guard was dyed with indigo. It was because I couldn't understand the color because of the water, and Koroku was also shocked by the blue blood, and he was screamed and screamed. Suppose you put a white circle in the red ground and illuminate it from behind. Then, after staring at it for a while, it will eventually change to the complementary color of red-blue. The technique that reminded me of a sickness was hidden in Oiwa's half-haired wig. "
Then, everyone's eyes were involuntarily focused on Juro because he was a hairdresser, but Hosui's words immediately shattered his speculation.
"However, the person who killed Koroku did a wonderful turnover in the abyss at that time. At first, he used a knife kneaded with iron chloride. , I pierced the carotid artery, and on top of that, I confused the two Sugito and pushed the one with the corpse of the sickness into the main water. I played a sloppy, but then in the dark, it vividly used the voice of humor, but regardless of who it was, I would eventually you guys. Let's point out from the six people and see. "
Then, the location of the criminal was limited, but here again, the situation was reversed. Only Juro was stopped in the safe area because Murajiro held his mouth down. However, while doing so, the acting progressed, and the hermitage room of Jiyama was already near the end, and Iemon was disowned by his father Genshiro.
Iyemon: Old-fashioned eccentricity | Oyaji. I was disowned, but after all this is also the ghost of Oiwa. I don't like it.
There was something that suddenly shouted out loud from the abyss below.
What was stunned was the idiot 《Bakame》 -even if the neck flies, it will move.
It was the famous line of Iyemon, "Serifu", but it was a voice that was familiar to me, called voice sound and tone.
Hosui rushed to the abyss at a glance as soon as he heard it, but when he saw a glimpse of Tamejuro at the door, a groaning voice leaked from the inside. ..
The devil in this case chose the dead place as an abyss and swallowed a large amount of prussic acid.
However, the members of the troupe, including Murajiro, stood up as if they were absent-minded for a while. Why is there a motive as a criminal for a wind-blown person who has never had a connection with him?
"I have to tell the devil's rebirth before anything else. It seemed that Sato Niji was killed by the ascension for Giemon, but he became Juro and still lives. It was.
The reason is that opium food is also sick, and if you enter Kokou, you will not be able to get euphoric unless you mix it with Shokou. Therefore, no matter how much ascension is used there, it will not be lethal. Then, I reduced the fat with a radical diet and used the discoloration method of potassium permanganate, so the color became eerie like this.
However, its true identity has finally been discovered for Koroku.
That's the reason why the man was scared and hanged himself, but when he saw the deep wrinkles in the darkness when he was colored with hot water or sake, the redness was dark. This is because the characteristics of the transformation disappear as the black hangs. However, because it looks a little smaller, the words such as "dwarf" were spoken.
In other words, it's the Purkinje phenomenon in the example.
Then, the reason why I heard the indescribable line of affair is that those who know the rainbow even a little suspect that it is the ventriloquism "Ventriloquism" that they are good at. However, ventriloquism has two major elements: throat modification "throat modification" and palate muffling "palate muffling", and it makes no sense for him to be able to do it. However, in addition to that, there was also a physiological ventriloquism that uses the air in the stomach, and of course Sato Niji did it, but some of them talked with their mouths and whispered with their stomachs. Or, there are some masters who use two different languages. -Actually, this is the proof of absence in the proof of absence "Alibi". "
At the same time as he finished preaching all the alarming content of this case, he was somehow attracted to Oiwa's half-faced masquerade.
And when I held it in my hand, a line of blood glue fell from the heavenly incision by pulling a string-oh, Giemon too.
However, the rebirth of the villainous Iyemon, who repels blood with blood, is nothing but the truth rainbow. Indeed, he showed his neck moving, even though it flew.
Bottom book: "Submersible" Hawk Castle "" Contemporary Liberal Arts Library, Social Thought Company
December 15, 1977 (Showa 52) First edition first edition issued
Parent of the original: "Mediterranean" Radio Science Co., Ltd.
September 1938 (Showa 13)
First appearance: "Chuokoron-Shin" Chuokoron-sha
August 1935 (Showa 10) issue
* The bottom book is a large scale of "ga" (ward number 5-86) used for counting things and place names.
Input: Rox Solus
Proofreading: Tsutomu Asato
Created April 21, 2013
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were involved in the input, proofreading, and production.
