Human nature
Noburu Katagami

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

/ \: Double dance character (repeated symbol in the shape of a vertically lengthened "ku")
(Example) Dan / \
* Double the dance character with dakuten is "/" \ "
-------------------------------------------------- -----

Mr. Katai Tayama explains sentimentalism, and sentimentalism is something that exaggerates the desire to be and wants to be, and goes from an ideal mind to a fantasy state. That's right. It is said. The meaning of Mr. Hanabukuro's words is that it is sentimentalism that he wants to have something that he does not have, and that he feels that he has it. But there is.
And Mr. Hanabukuro says that Dostojewski has a lot of molecules of this sentimentalism. [# "I'm here" is "I'm" in the bottom line] The word is simple, so I don't know what it means, but if you guess it by the unraveling of his sentimentalism, that is, dost. Jewski fantasizes about things that are not included in the content of human life, thinking that they are included, or that they would like to be included. I think it means that. It is commonly said that Dostojewski's work has a strong and pure humanitarian spirit, so Mr. Hanabukuro called Dostojewski a sentimental from that point. It appears as a thing. In other words, human beings are not like Dostojewski's thoughts. It seems that Dostojewski has the meaning of imagining and writing life without permission. If it means youthfulness, the question is what the unraveling of Mr. Hanabukuro, who is based on human nature, is the unraveling. Although Mr. Hanabukuro cannot be criticized only by the kind of deceptive words that Mr. Hanabukuro says, Mr. Hanabukuro's normal human heart is terrifying, nothing can be thought of, and it is also possible. It can be said that there is nothing that cannot be done. However, if it means that the life that Dostojewski is currently living is a very sweet and conspicuous life, there is no way to think about Mr. Hanabukuro's Dostojewski. There is no cloud. To put it more appropriately than that, it must be said that it was a mistake in the unraveling of human nature. The fact that the human mind is terrifying, and that we do not know how many clouds we will go to, does not necessarily mean that we are only in the dark. It is that the human mind goes infinitely deep into any terrifying dark side, and at the same time, no matter how distressed, harassed, and oppressed by the human beings depicted by Dostojewski. However, there is no limit to the nature of human beings in the direction of human beings, who do not lose the purest heart of human nature and do not hurt the honest, free-growing mind. It is a thing. The more tormented, the more tormented, the more bullied, this precious essence shines more and more brilliantly, and what human beings have the power to endure. There is no limit. The life depicted by Dostojewski represents an infinitely deep life in the direction of the cloud. To see it as sentimentalism, or sweet, is a critique that ignores the essence of the other, a little deeper human being, with a biased view of this human being from only one standpoint. I have to say. If you say it most closely, the human nature of the scary direction, the dark direction, etc. may be considered endlessly, but the feelings of that direction are gradually squeezed. If you go, you will end up nearing death. The most terrifying darkness and guilt of human nature is the last of all deaths. Toward that end, human life is shortened. Since the essence of the terrifying direction of human beings has a tendency to swear, it is accompanied by a stalemate, as if the nose pillar was somehow pressed against it. Therefore, although there is no limit to the hearts of the scary human beings, the extremes are limited and they have an inclination. A very afraid of sentimentalism, a ruthless, stubborn heart that is too precious to look at in any horrific life without being overwhelmed or hurt. If there is something that is also in the nature of human beings, and if there is something that can be done by pushing the mind to praise the natural and beautiful sexuality, that is the sentimentalism that has appeared in another direction. .. From a kind of timidity, it is an error based on the lack of attitude to see the true nature of human beings.
It is very difficult, easy to think of difficult, and rebellious to be able to see any horrifying side of human beings, any dark side, coldly without any hurt. It is easy to think that it is somewhat sweet and conspicuous to see the most brilliant and bright direction of human beings. However, isn't there a mixture of extremely timid, cowardly, and emotional feelings that are easy to think about? It is remarkable that Mr. Hanabukuro is excluded from sentimentalism, but the more he is excluded, the more I feel that there are still some sentimental and timid souls in Mr. Hanabukuro. When Mr. Hanabukuro forgets his rebellious spirit against sentimentalism, I think that is the first time that Mr. Hanabukuro will make a big leap in his life and art.
It is a mistake to think that Dostojewski has something that the elephant does not have, or that he wishes for something that is not in human nature. is there. No matter how tormented and bullied [# "bullied" is "loaded" in the bottom line], the human beings depicted by Dostojewski never lie or twist. Also, any terrifying sinner, idiot, or sick person has a beautiful and pure place in his birth. Even if it is pushed into the mud or sneaked, it will never be stained or polluted by the mud. This is neither a fantasy nor an imagination of Dostojewski. It is the nature that we humans have at the moment. Thus, this is the deepest and most true nature of human beings, and the tendency toward darkness is a figure that presents an abnormality of human nature. Dostojewski sought out this nature in the deepest and sharpest way and painted it in his work. In Dostojewski's work, human beings in this direction will surely appear in any work. If Dostojewski is portraying it when humans do not have its essence, then it is certainly sentimentalism. However, our human nature has something beautiful, albeit subtle, in the facts, even in the extremely unnatural and impure. However, since ordinary people do not have it, we think that the essence of human beings does not have it. When we say that there is such a beautiful thing in human nature, we are ridiculed, ridiculed, and somewhat ironic. However, there are times when we feel very brilliant, happy, and very deep in our lives. Only then is the extremely pure, pure, shining thing that always lurks deep and faint in our own nature, when it naturally overflows. When it naturally overflows into its unconsciousness, there is an activity of human nature in the book. If that pure nature becomes more and more powerful, you will be able to observe any horrific life with a fearless heart, and you will be able to enter into that horrifying life. Even if you go in, it will not be powdered. That is, the true genius must be the richest of this nature. Even if you jump into the fire in your life, you will not be burned by the fire. Even if you jump into the water, you won't get wet and drown. Even if you fall on the mud, the mud will not get dirty. On the contrary, each time his pure nature shines more and more-the Saifu man is a true genius. A genius is masculine on the one hand, and on the other hand, he has no resistance to anything, no rebellion, and a feminine obedience to endure it. I have one. In Dostojewski's genius, especially the suggestion to us, he was very masculine and, on the one hand, femininely pure. I think that is the dawn that appears in the work. Dostojewski is epileptic, sick, sensitive to people, has no freedom to talk to people, is jealous, and is extremely jealous and passionate at the same time. It is written in Ms. Sonja Kovalevski's autobiography that she was a human being who could not leave. So, on the one hand, I was very much swayed by people, especially my children, and even my children loved Dostojewski. In their "idiot", the protagonist travels to Sweetsle, and in a certain village, he is taken care of by a child and talks about various things. .. There is a passage in which the teacher of the village elementary school is jealous of that, but from the point of view that the author himself has traveled to Sweetsle at the time of his death, it is said that his experience I think it was written. Also, on the suspicion of a political prisoner, a detective and others came to see him, and on the contrary, he became friends with him and talked to him for a day. And those stories appear as the story of a detective called Porphyry in their "Sin and Punishment". He wasn't a human being who didn't necessarily like people because of the facts.
On the one hand, he was very jealous, jealous, and afraid of others, but on the other hand, he was kind to children, and also very familiar to people. Then, despite being weak on the one hand and always suffering from epileptic epilepsy, he has left a great deal of work in his sixty years of life. Newspapers and magazines have also been published, and even though it is said that he was ill-mannered for his life, he has left so many works. It must be a person who had a weak but very strong energy. One criticized Dostojewski, saying, "He is sick on the one hand and strong against cats." At first glance, a cat is very weak, but it also has strong animal electricity, and it has a strong power in its flexibility, so it seems that it makes cats strong. Dostojewski had the strength of a cat. At first glance, she is weak and feminine, but she has the power of the book. However, that power did not grow / \ obediently. He had a very sickness and a defect, and he had a terrifying power to accept on one side without being overwhelmed by anything. Certainly it was Brandes, or Dostoyevskiy does not have Tolstoy's sickness, but it is said that he has deep strength, but that deep strength is that of the cat he had. Tolstoy's vitality: This is the result of his strong vitality, which he cannot afford to suffer even if he suffers from illness for the rest of his life. Makoto's vitality is a strong force that can never be overwhelmed by any suffering or tribulation, but on the other hand, it sneaks into any place like water and loses itself. It must be a force that has the flexibility to go wherever it goes. Dostojewski had the power of his life. That is, the characteristic of a genius is that it has a wealth of power. When we think of power, we often think of a masculine, masculine, vandalistic power. However, Makoto's power is not enough. The feminine power that lurks in the Yahari water is not another power, but the essence of the power of the book. An artistic genius needs this feminine power rather than a masculine power. In many cases, it is easy to think that this feminine power is not power. Even if there is a difference between masculine and feminine, it is the same that it is pure without losing its essence in any case. If we believe in the power of life or the nature of human beings, our beliefs in all directions must be struck. (Discourse in June 1918)



Bottom book: "Noburu Katagami Complete Works Volume 2" Japan Library Center
Reprinted on March 25, 1997
Parent of the bottom book: "Noburu Katagami Complete Works No. 2" Sunakoya Shobo
Issued on April 1, 1939 (Showa 14)
Input: Noriko Takayanagi
Proofreading: Hideki Iwasawa
Created July 1, 2012
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
