Numamori
Kenji Miyazawa

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Quartz andesite << Dacite >>

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Numbers are JIS X 0213 area area number, or original page and number of lines)
(Example) 5 [# "5" is a Roman numeral, 1-13-25]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

Ishigamori is hard and has gray bones exposed, and Omori is black and fat with pine trees, but both are actually dacite.
The hills gathered behind and squeezed one flat.
The grass was swaying near the end of the night and the fire protection line was lonely. It's more lonely than a map.
Numamoridaira is also a fairly wide grass field. I'll go to anything early, go to the leg of the Numamori guy, then go around the fire protection line, go home and go to the hot springs at the foot of the mountain and sleep tonight.
This is a difficult thing to do.
I planted deciduous pine "Lalix". It's like going to a garden somewhere. What a magnificent mountain flat. The grass is soft and the Komatsu is sparse, and the sky is close to the heavens, and I planted deciduous pine "Lalix".
Hatena, that guy is Numamori or Numamori. The shaved head, the mountains and mountains form a blue field, and the loneliness of the hills above it. Hmm. Numamori Me.
This is fine. It's swamp charcoal, there's peat, by the way this flat was originally a swamp, it's reasonably gloomy. It is the bottom of a swamp around the time of diluvial upland. Water sneaks down the peat layer. The whole thing was too quiet, and the sky was getting darker. Evening is just around the corner. Kashiwa's dance is no good at this time, and the sparse Komatsu also blows patina.
Numamori stands right in front of you. After all this is also a rock neck. Anyway, dacite andesite, the unpleasant sound of this guy. I don't like it. Anyway, this is a very close pedigree to Ishigamori.
It was Igasa Numamori, why did he become a shaven? It's a creepy guy. This Kusahana, this Kusahana, Konukagusa. Isn't it really merciful to be blown by the wind and sprout out?
Why are you staring at this one, from behind.
Is n’t there anything wrong with it? Do you still glaring at me?
Kashiwa is a wave of rough clouds, a light yellow light, and the light of the hill is weeding, but it's already evening, and this swamp must be on the map. .. If not, it would be great. It's a completely different world,
Calm down (Yellow Hikari) Some, some, but the nephew or grandson of the guy who made the peat, Yellow Hikari, the light squeal.



Bottom book: "[New] Kenji Miyazawa Complete Works Vol. 12 Children's Story 5 [#" 5 "is a Roman numeral, 1-13-25], drama, and other texts" Chikuma Shobo
November 25, 1995 (Heisei 7) First edition first print issued
* The text of the original is based on the draft.
Input: Kiyotaka Sandpit
Calibration: noriko saito
Created August 25, 2008
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
