Obasute
Tatsuo Hori

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Akira

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Old times | Kohaseyama << Hatsuse >>

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Numbers are JIS X 0213 area area number or Unicode, base page and number of lines)
(Example) * [# Asterism, 1-12-94]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

The "Reclassification Diary" was a book of love from my boy's day. I still had a lot of dreams, and I was fascinated only by foreign literature. One day, it was Mineko Matsumura who told me the story of this old pressed flower's humorous diary. It was Mr. Perhaps it was a dizzying thing to lose sight of the old Japanese woman who was often forgotten by me at that time. Immediately after that day, I was a well-understood boy, and from that day on, I stopped and stopped for a while, almost by hand in the diary written in ancient letters that I could not understand at the time. However, as I finally went on to admire, one day, one day, an old Japanese woman suddenly emerged as a vivid image from the faint, withered scent. It was an important moment for me. The vivid image of my heart is more than anything else, the pureness of a dream that almost every Japanese woman has destined for, knowing that dream as a dream, and dreaming from the beginning. He taught me the straightforwardness of the way of life, which tries to accept life by taking the form of a dream.
It was the deepest part of my heart that I read the "Reclassification Diary" on Boy's Day and gave an unknown thought to one of the old Japanese women. I wouldn't tell anyone about that longing. Once, I was told about something in front of Haruo Sato, but when I learned that Mr. Sato also liked this diary very much, I was on the contrary. I still remember that I couldn't say anything about what I was thinking because of my ill-mannered feelings. A sentence of enthusiasm that Yojuro Yasuda talked about his love for this diary when he was a few years old and was confused by other jobs and someday he left my diary. When I came in contact with him, I was impressed by the feeling of regret that I had on that day. After that, this diary was once again in my heart.

* [# Asterism, 1-12-94]

For the past year, I lived in a mountain village in Shinano, where I was buried in the snow in winter as well. In those days, my dream of a far-reaching thing that I was born with, or in the mountains of that ranch, or in a ranch, or from trees such as birch and fir to small grasses. It was none other than the days when I tried to live the life that I had rigorously imposed on myself. One day in late autumn, I wrote "Kagerofu's Diary" there. The reason I wrote the diary of such an annoyed woman in the loneliness was to get to know one unhappy woman better as one of the processes of my life that I imposed on myself. And I thought that I had to be very patient in order to get the job done. And the woman I should choose as my elephant had to have a strong heart, such as being weakened by some daily loneliness and being dragged into the stubbornness of the other side. .. What's more, it's a beautifully broken woman, who can't blame the man who left her, and chases her with all her heart, and one day, in the realm of her heart, she overtakes the other man far. I had to be a woman. Even the secret sigh when I write "A diary of Kagerofu that feels like something" from Mizu, I can't help but feel unhappy with a kind of romantic irony. It couldn't be helped unless it was a naive woman who wrote "Kagerofu's Diary", which became more and more heart-warming.
However, while drawing an unfortunate woman, I can't think of the diary passages of another almost pretty and always-good woman who lived at about the same time. I thought about it, and when I escaped from the former world of breathing and painful hearts to this quiet world, I had been revived for a while since I was a boy. It was. For me on the day of the day, I want to write a "reclassification diary", but I'm a woman among women, but I'm not afraid of the world, and even the lonely author It seemed to be a match, and it was the author of the arrow-shaped "Kagerofu" that was the main character. At that time, the reason why I made myself stand in front of me as if it was a trial was that I couldn't regret it. He was a naive woman.

* [# Asterism, 1-12-94]

After writing "Kagerofu's Diary" and "Hototogisu", which depicts the story of the woman's slightly calm late years, I also left the border of loneliness and did something in the mountains of Shinano alone. I lived in the same way as I thought about it, but when I was about to follow last summer, I was alone in the book for the first time in a while to write a short story requested by a magazine. I went out to Shinano for a while. At that time, the old village at the foot of the mountain and the "reclassification diary" -the two things that I had been holding away from the boy's day suddenly tied together with my generous heart at that time. In the meantime, I was able to interview the dynasty's diary again and write a small short story. Why did this diary come to be titled "Reclassification Diary" after Shinano? Until then, I didn't really care about that, but then suddenly I found it. .. The desolate old Shinano village, which is as good as the moon, was considered by the women of Kyoto at the time as a symbol of the true spirit of life just behind their daily life, which looks like their flowers. The title of the lifelong memoir that one of the women, who was uncomfortable, wrote in his uncomfortable later years, is just right. And at the moment when she is about to finish her memoirs, Shinano's reclassified village, which appears to come to everyone's chest, is an impression after the sauifu. I wanted to give it to my short story as well.
It can be said that there was only one source for me to write this "reclassification diary" as my own.

* [# Asterism, 1-12-94]

"A person who is born in Tsukatani, rather than the end of the road of Azumaji, I'm afraid I'm afraid ...", the reclassification diary is written out. The author of this diary said that he would open up to life obediently, reflecting on the fact that he was a mediocre woman who grew up in that kind of countryside from the time he was a girl. To do. However, she has already learned the joy of telling the story, and even after going up to Kyo, she hardly gives up the kind of 册 子. In particular, when I came to get a complete set of Genji Monogatari, I struck down in the Kichō, and in the daytime, I kept the fire as close as I could to the eyes. He was enthusiastic about living with it. For her dreamy girlfriend, the life that was finally exhibited in front of her seemed to be unpleasant. But the more gray her life is, the more she gets into the story, and gradually she has to tell a little bit of her own change. Whenever I read about that part of this diary, I always put a center of gravity on the edge of it. Looking at it with such a feeling, in that part of the diary, the three deaths she met one after another-the death of the samurai dainagon woman "Musume", the death of the nanny, and the death of her sister. Although the brush is very omitted, such as drawing the front and back, you can feel that it is surprisingly vibrant to the extent that it looks effective. There is nothing particularly intriguing to people, but how can the small truth of life found by the author be felt to us? I look there to the heart of this author. Further, if you go a little further ahead of the diary, there is a place where the author himself confesses to Kaoru. If you live in a mountain village and live "in a meticulous manner", and if that person comes to you once a year, then you can just receive a letter from time to time. Well, if you have that kind of status, you'll have to be able to do what you're doing, but you dream like a young woman. The beauty of the woman's wandering, which I couldn't help but write in my diary, is rather a casual description of what I've seen before. On the other hand, I wonder if it is okay to feel even deeper through the carelessness of the surface.
In those days when such things are ephemeral, when I see the Buddha's appearance in a dream like a woman at the time, I am impulsively informed to the extent that the unbelief of human beings is inconsistent. I decided to abandon my unwillingness to live in faith, but before I knew it, it ended halfway. In the latter half of the diary, the uneasy and uneasy feeling that drifts between the feminine stray and awakening is often * [# two-character dot, 1-2-22. ] It tends to be found.
However, at last, the middle-aged days are approaching, as she gradually forgets about the story, etc. I went to the shrine, but it was just a pain for her innocent, and after she knew that "people who are only shining Genji are crazy in this world", she At that time, for the first time, he met a man of the same age who seemed to be "a person who is not a part of the world." It was about winter, a night of imitation. She is near the doorway of the palace, and she and her wife, who are my friends, talk to the man about the things that are happening in the world, sometimes listening to the sound of the leaves falling on the leaves. ――The story of that night is soothing to the hearts of these two middle-aged men and women. Don't come. It wasn't uncommon for them to admit each other in the same hall twice, but they were both eccentric and parted with a slight verbal song. However, she has never tasted the humorous rice cake that she made and was the woman in the story as it was. She already knows that the story itself is impossible in this world, just because she was made to have a good feeling, and she could feel the momentary heart-to-heart contact. It's really painful, but on the other hand, I feel a kind of unspeakable fullness in the heart.
After that, she went to Miyagi, married a mediocre man, and ended her life quietly without any problems. ......
What I have just talked about here is that of a short story I wrote in the middle, and it seems that it is a little different from the original text of "Reclassification Diary". I can't help but admit that. It is not always my poet's selfish way of praising this "reclassification diary" that I admire, or that the original text is very distorted. If so, that would be my misconception. However, this naive heart has become inseparable from the image of this woman who has taken root in my soul since I was accustomed to it from an early day. That's why it's hard for me to do anything anymore.

* [# Asterism, 1-12-94]

Moreover, unfortunately, as the end of my work, in the original text, the woman stayed alone in Kyo when her husband went to Shinano Province after marriage, but at that time the husband As she went down to Shinano, she wrote it down. This was something I had never thought about until I wrote it, and while I was writing it, I couldn't help but write it. My attachment to Shinano from the boy's day is only by squeezing the body of her husband who lives in such a distant mountain country as the heroine of her work. Somehow it wasn't enough just to connect with, and it seems that I had my brush carried in that way without knowing it. However, one more thing, I also had a tampering, unscrupulous possession that had been tampered with. It's the epigraph of my work

[# 3 indentation] Look at the moon in the mountains, skipping my heart

It is a devotion to the song without being a singer. This old song, to me, is something that a woman who was in a situation similar to the heroine of her work secretly wrote a long time ago, but I can't help it. It is an old song that has cast various shadows on people's hearts since it was made into a song story in "Yamato Monogatari" and "Unnamed Sho". It seemed that I had forgotten even that one day, but I thought about it on a good night of the month, and when I was made to have a terrible feeling, I wrote it from my own soul. With that in mind, it's the song that most reminds me of that nostalgia. ――In the original text, the husband who went down to Shinano got sick and returned to Tokyo within a year or less, but soon after that he was ill. The woman who was later abandoned said, "As expected, life does not live up to life, but I am flirting." I'm using a Japanese poem that is based on a song that I don't know about, but I want to sing this old song to her rather than the song that she wrote. I couldn't do it. ――Therefore, I chose the title "Poet Unknown" for my work, and in that work I cut off the brush when I went to Shinano with my husband as the heroine, and instead, just after that. As if to imply the life of the woman, she put the old song of the unread person as the title.

* [# Asterism, 1-12-94]

On the day of late spring this year, I walked along the banks of Ubasute, the reclassified village, for the first time. In the middle of this mountainous country, there was still a lot of snow in the distant mountains, and all the fields near the village were dead and withered, and it felt like spring. I carried a small book with me, and according to the book, Mt. Kamuriki in the Heian period, which was written in many old songs, is a low mountain where I walk around. Instead, it is the current Kamurikiyama, which shows only the top of the mountain while being half-hidden on the other side of the mountain. I have to do it. This area, where Obasute is currently located, is too small to feel like a sword. On the other side of this mountain, Mt. Kamuriki, which has a very deep feeling, looks like our Ubasute mountain.
Naho, according to the book, the ancient Mt. Kamuriki is not the Mt. Kamuriki, but the mountain that was once called "Hatsuse" in the same Sarashina district (current conspiracy). It is said that it was said to have been in the area of the headquarters). It was Hase, that is, the place where the ancient burial ground was located, and it became a slogan, and it was linked to the legend of the abandoned man who seems to have been performed in ancient Shinano. It is thought that he moved to the present Mt. Kamuriki from the beginning of the Heian period, when the ancient song was written without a dialect. It seems that it was after that that the famous legends such as "Yamato Monogatari" and "Unnamed Sho" came out. After that, shortly before Basho came to this place in the Genroku era and wrote "Sarashina Journey" etc., he moved from Mt. Kamuriki to the present Mt. ――But for now, I don't stick to those theories, and I just want to enjoy the old songs in front of me. -Or, this song without a worshiper is a song of sorrow that the one who lost a close relative in the village of the reclassification buried it in the mountain, and then one night while looking at the moon shining on the mountain. The taste may be the main point, but for now, I abandoned that thought, and I just wrote it while the woman in the unfavorable situation of our heroine lived in the village. I want to taste it only as a song of.
After walking on the banks of Mt. Ubasute for almost half a day, I went to Kisoji again to see it. The villages in the valley were still in the spring. The mountains in Manakahi were still dead, and apples and pear trees were just in full bloom near the villagers. Also, I was informed that the ancient and second-hand Kisoji was completely different from the current route, and that the mountains of those surrounding areas were deeply ridged from ridge to ridge. It was. I think that the old Kisoji, which our heroines used to go through with various emotions, has already become a road and is deeply buried in the vegetation. When I drew the picture in the sky, I became a sad person by myself without any trouble, and lived a day in late spring while hanging under the apple trees with flowers.



Bottom book: "Tatsuo Hori Works No. 5" Chikuma Shobo
September 30, 1982 (Showa 57) First edition first edition issued
Parent of the bottom book: "Shino" Yotokusha
September 20, 1944 (Showa 19)
First appearance: "Bungakukai Vol. 8 No. 8"
August 1941 (Showa 16) issue
* The title at the time of the first appearance was changed to "Obasute" and "Shinno" Yotokusha (September 20, 1944), and the title was changed to "Reclassification Diary".
Input: tatsuki
Proofreading: Kazuhiko Okamura
Created January 17, 2013
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
