The width of the obi is too wide
Uemura Shoen

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Sachin

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Comb | Kōgai

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) [# with ground] (Showa 6)
-------------------------------------------------- -----

It is now called an obi, but in the Keicho era it seems to have been called a scroll. The silk habutae was divided into two parts, and the brocades and brocades that came from China were divided into three parts. After that, what was called a whale belt was created, and this changed to become today's belt. I can't say for sure, but I think the obi width during the Kyoho period was about five or six inches. And the furisode of the Genroku era would have been from 1 shaku 7 or 8 shaku to 2 shaku at most.
Furisode was worn by both men and women before their genpuku, and was gradually used by younger maids. In the olden days, this furisode was also very short, and in the Kanbun era, the length of a woman's furisode was 1 shaku and 5 shaku, and the total length of the left and right was 6 shaku. However, this was gradually treated by the wind and became longer. Today, the obi has become extremely developed, and kimono has entered a truly splendid era of clothing, such as visiting clothes, but the current obi is too wide and we should somehow improve it in the future. It is thought that it is. Of course, this is my preference, but I think that the current obi will be simplified, the width will be narrowed, and the obi obi will be attached.
I think that the fact that the mystery of the Naniwa obi is actually made clearly shows the transition of this obi.
The appearance of the bare feet of a woman may seem bad to the people who see it, but I think that the hem of Japanese kimono is truly free and beautiful. However, I would like to make the kimono look like Genroku sleeves in order to keep the sleeves simple and aesthetically pleasing.
After all, young people are not familiar with old Japanese clothes and are only looking at new areas, so I think that you may not be familiar with the beauty of kimono and the charm of Kyoto style mage. When I was a daughter, I wore a comb | kōgai. And the silver hairpin "Kanzashi" is displayed in the front, but the appearance of the comb of the tortoiseshell "Bekko" prospering in the lantern and the silver hairpin flickering is beautiful. Thank you.
[# With ground] (Showa 6)



Bottom book: "Senjo of Blue Fabric" Dohosha Publishing
April 5, 1996 (Heisei 8) 1st edition 1st printing issued
First appearance: "Kyoto Hide Shimbun"
March 14, 1931 (Showa 6)
Input: Takashi Kawayama
Proofreading: Atsushi Suzuki
Created January 29, 2009
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
