Discover the fish
Motoko Hani

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Noble

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) General | Infant << Eiji >>

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) [# With ground] Education 30th year 1938 (Showa 13)
-------------------------------------------------- -----

Osanago is an even more precious treasure among child treasures. Looking at this living treasure with a new heart, every joy and every hope is discovered one after another, and I feel like I can't stay still.
First of all, there are probably some mothers who are aware that the greens they are born with are given the power to live on their own, more than anything else than the hands of a midwife. From knowledgeable mothers living in new urban homes to mothers living in rural thatched roofs, I suspect that they are completely the same in that they are unaware of the strong self-reliance of babies and toddlers. I will. As a result, intellectual mothers become more sensitive to their children because of their knowledge, and ignorant mothers simply pet and scold their emotions. I will.
What does it mean to discover a new Osanago? In other words, it is true to know that the sanago is given the power to live by itself, and that power is stronger than the help of parents and the power of all surroundings. Not only that, and that strong force is to know what is demanding of us. Since a person was a baby, the power to live has been in itself. If the mother preempts her knowledge and feelings and ignores the power of the baby to live without knowing it, the baby easily depends on him, and thus in himself. It weakens the power to live from the place where it exists strongly.
What will happen when the baby's ability to live weakens? You lose track of the true demands of your life. Then, you will be caught up in the pain, satisfaction, joy, and sadness in front of you, and you will be able to appeal and express that much. Therefore, the mother and other surroundings are moved by the shallow appeal of the place, which is not the true demand for the baby's life, and take various measures. As a result, the true life of the baby is not nurtured, and only the immediate sensory demands are strengthened day by day. In this way, a baby who becomes weak even if he is born strong, a selfish child who has no sense at all even though he has a good knowledge and good ability, and a child who has a bad brain will be born. ..
What does it mean that the baby himself does not understand the true demands of his life, and that the baby's own ability to live is weakened? To give an example, there are many babies who cry when they lie down, and they want to be held at night and day. And it is not a true requirement of baby's life. A baby who is easy to feel and get used to everything is self-indulgent in the habits that have been set from the outside, and sleeping is a real requirement of his mind and body, so he is free to hand. I don't realize that my instinct is firmly giving me the power to move my legs and gradually achieve pleasant growth, and I'm just dominated by the feeling I want to embrace.
There are toddlers living in the upper reaches who are physically and mentally lacking in exercise because other people are doing everything, and toddlers who buy and eat from morning till evening with one or two coins behind. , Both have no appetite like eating. It also made me happy that I couldn't understand the true demands of my life and just bought unsanitary food for a toy and licked it, or someone else did my errand. I don't realize that carrying out my errands as much as possible is the true requirement of my life, and I'm starting to find it painful to do it.
Then what is the true demand for baby's life? It has become increasingly clear as humanity's long-standing experience has been scientifically organized. In detail, the milk of the mother who gave birth to the baby probably came out at the beginning, and the baby felt a strong hunger and accidentally inevitably stuck to the mother's breast. However, those who have breasts on their mother's breasts and have an appetite for their babies know all of them from the beginning. Through long-term experience, humans have been gradually discovered the path of life for all babies.
Then, we can call it the knowledge of childcare that we have now.
But then, by applying it exactly to our current knowledge of childcare, we immediately see it as the true demand for baby's life, or not at all. Then we have to put another big problem there.
Handling babies based on our current knowledge of childcare (not only now but also in the future) is another source of mistakes. In other words, as I said at the beginning, in order to raise a child, the child's own ability to live must be respected first and foremost. Unless the true demands of the power and life are strongly expressed by the child himself, it will be a cramming, nurturing, and cramming education for parents, and the kind will be different, and the child will be brought into various evil ways. Will be. Even with the best cramming and education, you're just creating bonsai and miniature garden health and people.
We always face the child's life itself and want to do everything as it demands from us. Our knowledge of childcare shows us the very important directions and means.
It is our child-rearing knowledge that breast milk is the best food for newborn babies. First and foremost, give it when your baby is hungry. The general standard of how many hours after birth is also our knowledge of childcare. But first, pay attention to the baby's appearance and apply the knowledge he has. And if the sucking is strong, and if you sleep well after receiving the milk, it turns out that the first feeding was able to meet the true demands of the baby's life. It should come.
Feeding milk in a timely manner is what we are teaching us about childcare knowledge. There are two ways to help your baby start crying before it's time. There are two methods, one is to give milk because you cry, and the other is to not give it until time even if you cry. Which one is true to the true demands of the baby's life? In such a case, I don't think you can do both when you do it and when you don't. It's a bad thing to hang around.
There is more parent-child contact than our important childcare knowledge. Then, it is probably not just an individual parent and child, but an important thing that is the basis for creating personal interaction between human beings in a broader sense.
If you are a mother who has a primary interest in the powerful life that the baby is given and is in contact with the baby day and night with that thought, you can see that there are various crying and laughing voices. First of all, the mother's personality needs to be able to calm down and listen to it. It is needed not only by the mother but also by the people around her. The baby's senses are very sensitive. When the whole house laughed and laughed, the baby was caught in it, and even if there was a real need to start crying at first, he was surprised and rushed by the lonely rustling of an adult. It can also make you cry.
Adults can't collect and hug them. The baby is distracted by him and shuts up. Making these kinds of contacts into babies one after another is the most harmful, along with the kind of childcare that the mother can't stop working in the grass when the baby cries and can't come up from the grassy rice fields. It is a childcare method.
Our way of contact, which seems to be most important to both babies and toddlers, is to believe in the strength of the power of life given to the baby himself, and to demand that state with calm wisdom. You can know it clearly.
The baby starts crying even if it receives some kind of impulsivity. If there are no other diapers or other faults, and if the diapers are calm, there are many cases in which the crying will eventually stop. It's not so easy to stop crying, so there are many times when you're not sure why. Or maybe it's because of a request for milk, but waiting until the time for milk doesn't cause any illness, so it's not a crying way of crying. If I knew that, I think that such unknown difficulty should be left as it is. When it's time to milk, you'll be able to tell again if it was because you were hungry. If it's the same one after another, it's finally time to know that it's entirely due to lack of milk. At that time, we should make various judgments and measures in light of our knowledge of childcare.
And this is, of course, the exact opposite of the child-rearing method of crying and feeding, but at the same time it's not the same as simply crying and never feeding until time. You can see it well. First of all, knowing the daily living conditions of your own child who lived well, not only that day, but also the current knowledge of child-rearing shows us the general | You should treat your baby as a reference. When you find a question in the meantime, it becomes a consultation with a specialist doctor and a research subject of the Infant Life Group.
The above is not only the key point of the so-called childcare method, which mainly focuses on the baby's body, but also the same in its spiritual life.
Since the parents and the people around them have a pious trust in the power to live by themselves, they feel calm and deep affection and strong reason. And now, if you treat your babies with the best knowledge, they will easily receive their good power in their soft life. I think that the most important position in children's education is just there.
Without having a position of unwavering education, which can be called this mystery, no matter what method is taken, it will only be packed. No matter how much this cramming education is done not only in school education but also in early childhood education.
How can children grow up seriously, and based on their serious personality, a brain with a free and eye-catching function can be created in it, both vertically and horizontally? Will the ability to work strongly be born?
It's just that the child's way of crying is also a toddler's way of crying, convinced that the child himself has the strong and wise power in his life to protect and nurture his own life. It is the first thing to really know him by them, even when he talks about his unpleasant feelings. All educational ingenuity comes from it. Remember that the education and care of our toddlers is consistent with this intent.
[# With ground] Education thirty years 1938 (Showa 13)



Bottom book: "Hani Motoko Selection: Discover the Osanago" Fujin no Tomosha
First edition issued on November 1, 1965 (Showa 40)
New issue issued on October 1, 1995 (Heisei 7)
5 prints on November 1, 1999 (Heisei 11)
First appearance: "Thirty years of education"
1938 (Showa 13)
* The editorial note of the word in the bottom has been deleted.
Input: Jianglong
Proofreading: Hiroshi Kadota
Created May 4, 2012
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
