Poe and Ruvel
Fuboku Kozakai

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Madman << Mistake >>

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) [# Indent two characters from here]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

My favorite detective novels are Poe and Ruvel in the short story. Of course, among Poe's works, the three stories that detective Dupan appears, but in addition to that,
[# Indent two characters from here]
The Black Cat.
The Cask of Amontillado.
The Fall of the House of Usher.
The Gold-Bug.
Hop-Frog.
Mesmeric Revelation.
The Oblong Box.
The Masque of Red Death.
The Premature Burial.
System of Dr. Tarr and Professor Fether.
The Tell-Tale Heart.
"Thou art the man."
[# End of indentation here]
Every time I read it, I get a new impression. When it comes to portraying the behavior of the madmen in the final part of the System of Dr. Tarr and Prof. Fether. Eventually I will write my Poe theory in "Criminal Literature Studies", but I am always pleased that I was born after Poe.
In Ruvel's work, I avoid the trouble of counting up one by one, but there is nothing that I am not happy with. I have a long-standing desire to write and see novels like Ruvel's, but when I read his work, my own brush becomes so shabby that I want to go into a hole. Is.
Next, in the short story, I like Chesterton. Most Chesterton's English doesn't come close to me like Poe's English. Of course, this may be due to my lack of English ability, so I can't say "insufficient", but anyway, the short stories that my mentor Brown appears in and the works contained in The man who knew too much. No, it has a nice taste.
Next, the works of Davison Post and Beaston are very nice to me. When I read Beaston's work, I'm often curious about what kind of "punch line" the author will put on. And it is always eaten at the end. Even though I think that being deceived and happy is not something that makes me a favorite reader of detective novels, I am still attracted.
When I was in the UK, I was crazy about Doyle and Freeman's work, but I don't read much these days. However, I didn't dislike it, but because everyone knew what it was. (Poo and Ruvel can't be helped even if they know the content.) I'm always impressed with the plot of the story contained in Sherlock Holmes's adventures, memorials, and return homes. Only these three collections will not lose their brilliant light to the detective novel world for the time being.
I prefer works with awesome humor to works with light humor. That's why I like things like Poe's The Tell-Tale Heart. On the other hand, the humor around Leblanc and McCulley, though interesting, is not enough to indulge in it. Nevertheless, Orchi's humor is irresistible. However, it cannot be answered by saying "why".
When I was in the US, I read Detective Story Magazine every night and never left behind, but recently I've been working with this magazine and Detective Magazine in the UK, but only about three or four in a month. I can't browse. Especially recently, when I started to create because I was not good at it, I was in trouble because I didn't have time to read it. Therefore, I have very little knowledge about new writers.
In the feature film, I like Orchi's Scarlet Pimpernel series the most. However, I wonder if Mrs. Orchi's brush is a little too long. I don't think it's possible to get squeezed a little more, but that may be suitable for British people. Even if I think it's too long, I can read Corinth's work without worrying too much. It seems that there is something interesting in the long run, such as "Woman in a white coat".
I also like Douse quite a bit, and I read his six feature films with great interest, and I plan to translate each of them into a public "bonus", but I read them over and over again. Not as hot as it is. In general, it is rare for a detective novel to get tired of reading it many times, and it seems that a detective novel has a life in a short story.
Although I read a lot of detective novels from Germany and Scandinavia, except for Douse, I didn't hit a good one. There may be some excellent works by writers I haven't read, but detective novels still seem to put an end to Britain, the United States and France.
Somehow, I wrote something that didn't fit the title, but in short, my favorite is Poe and Ruvel.
[# With ground] ("Shinseinen" Taisho 14th summer special issue)



Bottom book: "Detective Club Artificial Heart" Kokusho Kankokai
September 20, 1994 (Heisei 6) First edition first print issued
First appearance: "Shinseinen" Hakubunkan
1925 (Taisho 14) summer special issue
Input: Takashi Kawayama
Proofreading: Hiroshi Kadota
Created August 21, 2007
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
