Orchid study beginning
Kan Kikuchi

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Minokoku

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Thin | Kikuishi << Abata >>

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Numbers are JIS X 0213 area area number or Unicode, base page and number of lines)
(Example) * [# "Rooster + Other", Level 4 2-90-34]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

[# 10 indentation] One [# "one" is a middle heading]

Genpaku Sugita left the middle residence of Shinohashi and arrived at Nagasakiya Genemon in 3-chome, Hongokucho, just after going around Minakuchi.
However, when I was guided by the familiar clerk and went to the room of Zensaburo Nishi, it seemed that Yoshizawa had already come, just like yesterday, and I was sitting calmly.
Genpaku greeted Zensaburo and turned to Yoshizawa while turning around.
"Good morning! I'm sorry to say yesterday," he said.
However, Yoshizawa just lightly lowered the head of his shiny full-haired hair, and did not make his big face with a white, high-nosed, thin | pockmark.
Genpaku was every time, but I felt a little unpleasant.
He had known the name of Ryotaku Maeno, a medical officer of Hou Nakatsu, for a long time. He also paid great respect to his reputation for his studies. However, when I met him closely, I couldn't get close to this person.
He has been sitting here with Yoshizawa five or six times. Even when Capitan stayed at the inn here last year, I met him twice. This year, on the 20th of the month, Genpaku sat with Yoshizawa three or four times during the seven days since Capitan arrived in Edo.
Still, he just couldn't get close to this person. That said, he didn't hate or hate Yoshizawa. However, every time he sat down, he felt a strange intimidation from Yoshizawa. When he was sitting with Yoshizawa, the consciousness that Yoshizawa was there stuck to his nerves. I was worried about Yoshizawa's every move. I was worried about his one | The more he cares, the more he cares.
However, when the other person, Yoshizawa, saw an attitude that he barely kept his eyes on himself, Genpaku couldn't help but squeeze his feelings toward Yoshizawa.
The entrance and exit to the Rankan on the Nagasaki table was fairly strict due to the conventional law, but the entrance and exit to this Nagasakiya, which is an inn where Kapitan is staying in Edo, has been for a while. As for that, it was a figure without any natural structure.
Therefore, people who are aspiring to study Dutch-style medicine, Honzo, products, and research, as well as Hatamoto Tomisho's fellow scholars of good luck, "Yes," were rushing on a daily basis.
In particular, Genjo Noro of the medical technique, Jun'an Yasutomi, a medical officer of Hou Yamagata, Jun'an Nakagawa of the same clan, Chobei Aono, who took the name of a good luck in the brewery, Hiraga Gennai, a ronin of Sanuki Hou, Hosoi of the priest It was rare that I couldn't see the faces of the prince Okubo Mizuko.
Such a troupe asked Capitan various questions through an uncertain internal message. It was often a bland idiot about Dutch quirks. Everyone laughed angry when Capitan's answer turned out to be a foolish question.
Also, when they were shown a wale glass (sunny rain meter), a thermometer (thermometer), a dondle glass (seismic lightning tester), etc., they made a noise as if the child had touched a rare toy.
However, at such a time, it was Yoshizawa who was sitting looking down on the troupe. He never uttered the stupidity that everyone would. From start to finish, he kept silent with a sneer and a smile on the edge of his lips.
Even if the troupe laughed without a dash, his tightly closed mouth did not easily unravel.
However, when the troupe got tired of asking a question and became quiet naturally, Yoshizawa asked one or two questions. The troupe often didn't even understand the meaning of the question. However, when Capitan received the question from his essay, he always looked at him as if he was surprised, and suddenly became serious and answered in a long way.
The troupe didn't seem to care at all about Yoshizawa's attitude of being proud of himself, but Genpaku had no choice but to be curious about it.
It happened yesterday as well. It's nothing to say, but Capitan's Karans took out a small bag and showed it to everyone, probably because of the sitting. In response to Capitan's will, he said something like this.
"To be told by Mr. Karans, open the mouth of this bag to try and see it. It is said that the person who opened it can advance this bag."
Karans smiled with a beard on one side.
The troupe was quite successful. First, Hosoi Soan picked it up. However, he was hasty, and when he thought he had been playing with it for a while, he immediately threw it out.
"Which one is I?" Yasutomi Yori took up in detail, but when I thought about this for a while, I threw it out too much. The bag passed from one troupe's hand to another. Every time each person failed, the troupe laughed loudly. Karans happily smiled at everyone's inability to open.
When he came to Genpaku, he picked it up with a smile. There was a metal fitting on the mouth of the bag. It was probably a device of a circle of wisdom. Genpaku tried pushing and pulling in places, but his mouth didn't open for a minute.
He finally left behind. With a bitter smile, he tried to give it to the next person. But at that time, the troupe was usually trying it. Only Yoshizawa, who was sitting on the right hand side of Genpaku, couldn't hand it over because he was so timid.
"Mr. Maeno, how are you?"
Genpaku casually tried to hand it over to Yoshizawa. However, Yoshizawa was cold and refused to accept it. He probably seemed too bitter to see the troupe playing with boring toys. No, I think it was bitter to think that what should have been a scholar-official was a boring toy, and was tossed by Capitan. He didn't even look at the bag that Genpaku offered.
The bag was placed between Genpaku and Yoshizawa, and the troupe was a little white.
However, at that time, Hiraga Gennai occasionally came in late. When he heard about the bag from a troupe, he immediately opened his mouth as if he had taken it carelessly.
The troupe was filled with voices praising Gennai's genius. His genius saved the troupe from bleaching.
However, Genpaku's unwillingness and antipathy towards Yoshizawa began to take on a clearer form in his mind from this time.
Genpaku couldn't say half of the questions that came to his mind when Yoshizawa was in the troupe. When I wondered if Yoshizawa already knew what he was listening to, asking a question seemed to confess his ignorance in front of Yoshizawa, and I was reluctant. It was. Genpaku was quite ashamed of his feelings of hearing and seeing. However, I was ashamed to say that I couldn't help but stick to it. He was thirsty for knowledge of Dutch things, scholarship, and especially medical science, but he couldn't ask his heartfelt questions because of his strange intentions.
On that day as well, he wanted to meet Zensaburo by himself before everyone came, especially before Yoshizawa came. He wanted to state his long-held desire to read Dutch characters and just to Zensaburo the impossibility of that application.
For that reason, it was a considerable blow to Genpaku, who came half an hour earlier than yesterday, that Yoshizawa came earlier than himself.
However, he was ashamed of his feelings that he was too concerned about Yoshizawa. Fortunately, he had only one Yoshizawa, and he stated his intentions.
"Mr. Nishi! Today, I have no choice but to dig into the side and ask, that's not the case. Overall, what we call Dutch characters is for us foreigners as well. Is it something that can be read, or is it something that can't be read no matter how hard it is?
The question of Genpaku was full of sincerity. Nishi nodded a couple of times to read Genpaku's enthusiasm. But the answer he gave was negative. He answered in a cheerful tone peculiar to Saikai people.
"It's a matter of being asked by three or four people. But to answer us, we have to say that it's useless. No matter how hard it may be. After all, I'm sorry to say that, if you say "what it is", even those who are familiar with the Dutch characters are the only ones who know the Dutch characters. He wrote down only the sounds in a pseudonym, uttered them verbally, and spoke for his occasional use. It seems that he understood the language of his country one by one. It's a matter of not telling people. For example, to ask Capitan or Madaros in his country what to drink hot water or liquor, first imitate it. I don't have to ask. I imitated pouring with a bowl, and when I put it in my mouth, I told him that it was Delinki. I knew that Delinki would drink. However, I am embarrassed to ask the distinction between Uedo and Shimodo by going one step further. There is no way to ask by hand imitation. Often, the state of Uedo is imitated by drinking. Even if you show "sama", you will not be able to tell the other person. If you drink a lot, there are people who do not like alcohol, and there are people who like it even if you drink less. I don't say anything about it. As you can see, no matter how much you try to imitate the things above the emotions, there is no way to ask. "
"I see. It's reasonable."
Genpaku couldn't help but nod the reason for the other party's reply.
When Genpaku saw him agree, Nishi continued to speak a little better.
"There is no such thing in the difficult example of the Dutch language. There is no such thing as Arn Telekken. It is said that we like it, but we were born in a house of idioms and were young. From that time, I remembered this word and used it many times, but when I was enlightened, I finally got to know the meaning of that word on the way for fifty years. I'm sorry. Arn is the meaning of the original "heart". Telekken is the meaning of pulling "heart". Arn Telekken is the meaning of wanting to pull the other thing to hand. I like sake. "I don't mean that I want to bring sake to my hand. To bring my hometown to the Netherlands means that I miss my hometown so much that I want to bring it to my hand. In the meantime, even those who have been familiar with the Dutch from a young age, such as us, cannot easily get acquainted with them. Even if you know it, even if you come to our inn every year for your own purposes, such as Noro Genjoden and Aoki Bunzoden, and even if you are devoted to it, it seems that you will not come to the point of consensus. It would be better if the "Sokomoto" and the "Something" were made useless. "
Nishi said that he had already given up.
"I see, it makes sense."
Genpaku had no choice but to answer that. I couldn't force myself to learn what the other person would stop.
"I see, no matter how we think about what the side of the Otsuka says, we can't help it. After all, we have to take the plunge."
Genpaku casually did that. Yoshizawa, who had been silently asking the question and answer between Nishi and Genpaku, suddenly caught his mouth.
"No, it's not the words of both places, but apart from the details that we have. It's almost like a red-haired person, but the reason that a text book made by the same person cannot be understood by the same person is At the beginning of the introduction, the kanji and kanji that we read and write in normal life, and the teachings of Komeng that we practiced by the scholar-official, were completely unreachable, just like the current Dutch characters. There is no difference. Our distant ancestors have been struggling to understand it one and a half words at a time. Only with the hardships of the distant ancestors. For 2,000 years, tens of billions of people will be able to moisten the surplus. Yoshizawa's will is there. I am willing to accept the suffering of the skeleton. Mr. Sugita, please do not give up your will and start. We will do our best until it collapses at 49 this year. I'm going to try it. "
Genpaku listened to Yoshizawa's ambitions and was not ashamed from the bottom of his heart. I couldn't help but be ashamed of my courageous aspirations. He couldn't help but think of this as a thankful advice to him. However, he couldn't help feeling a great deal of discomfort when the other person suddenly touched "Dashi-nuke" at a key point that he didn't want to touch too much. I couldn't help but feel some discomfort with the person who was seriously approaching me, without any mercy, because half of them were greedy.

[# 10 indentation] Two [# "two" is the middle heading]

Genpaku got the Ransho Tahel Anatomia less than five days after that.
Genpaku's ambition was originally in Dutch style medicine. He wanted to learn Dutch because he wanted to read through Dutch books on therapeutic drugs.
Therefore, when he was shown Tahel Anatomia from a certain internal message, he could not help but look at his eyes of wonder. Looking at the elaborate picture of the visceral skeleton, colored in dark red and blue, he seemed to reveal all the secrets of the human body. The pattern-like Dutch letters running between the pictures couldn't read a single or half letter, but his heart was struck by intense curiosity and excitement. He coveted it from the bottom of his heart. The price was a huge sum of three cars, which was too much for him, who had twenty-five people. But he had no thoughts before or after. When Ichishugin, who had been in his pocket, was handed over to the slogan as a hand, he returned to the clan's residence for money.
He rushed to the mansion of Shinzaemon, the chief retainer. Oka has always liked Genpaku. When he asks for Genpaku,
"Is it useful to ask for it? If it is useful, let's arrange for the price to be lower than the top."
When I answered that, Genpaku was also impressed.
I couldn't help but swear, "If you do, I'm sure you don't want to do this, but I'll definitely make it useful and see you."
A man named Ogura Saemon was present at the seat.
"I want to send it in a way that I want to do. Mr. Sugita is the one who makes it empty," he advised.
Anatomische Tabell was his own, and Genpaku jumped and screamed.

[# 10 indentation] Three [# "Three" is the middle heading]

It was March 3rd. Genpaku went to Nagasakiya that day as well. The Dutch viewing of the shogunate ended yesterday without any delay, so Capitan, the two secretaries, Shikiriiba, and the big and small idioms all felt relaxed. The talks were unprecedentedly crowded. At last, Capitan was rare * [# "Rooster + Other", 4th level 2-90-34], and everyone was treated with a rare sake.
On that day, Yoshizawa's face could not be seen, and the members of the troupe were all doctors such as Jun'an Nakagawa, Genji Kosugi, Shuntai Mine, and Matsuzono Toriyama, so the dialogue was not diverse and I was nervous. Was there. In particular, one of the clerk, Shikiriiba, was a surgeon, so everyone was asking a lot of questions around the bubble.
In particular, Mine Shuntai was enthusiastic about the art of piercing.
When the long spring days had passed and the Dutch had retired for a meal, everyone was relieved from a tense dialogue. It was when they were in a hurry to get ready to go home. A small person rushed from Nakagawa Jun'an's private house with a text box with red paper.
Jun'an picked up the sentence box that showed the urgency with a slightly uneasy face, but while reading the letter inside, his uneasy face collapsed with a joy.
"You guys! Please be happy! I've fulfilled my long-cherished desire. Tomorrow, I'll have a stake in the bones" Kotsugahara!
He pointed the letter to the troupe with a joyful voice. It is true that Machi-bugyō | Magaribuchi Kai Mamoru's servant, Tokuno Manbei, has reported tomorrow 4th at Senju Koshigahara that a hand doctor will do something. It was a letter.
"It's a good idea! It's a good idea!"
Everyone uttered a joyful voice.
For those who aspire to Dutch-style medical techniques such as Jun'an, Genji, and Genpaku, the observatory has been a long-cherished desire. However, the opportunity was not easily obtained.
In particular, they were hearing new things about the inside of the body from the bubble around this time, so the desire for the abdomen was burning as if it had been further anointed.
In particular, Genpaku couldn't prevent his heart from flying when he was afraid. Since he got Tahel Anatomia, he has been waiting for the day of his life with the thought of Chiaki every day. He knew that Tahel Anatomia's drawings were completely different from the ancient theories. He wanted to put it into practice and confirm it as soon as possible.
The faces of the troupe were shining with joy.
"Then, I heard that I went home immediately tonight and took a rest, and tomorrow I was going to meet at the teahouse at the exit of Yamayacho tomorrow."
Jun'an looked around the seat. The troupe soon agreed.
At that time, Yoshizawa's face suddenly appeared in Genpaku's head. He knew that Yoshizawa was still desperate for the spectacle. I knew it was as painful as anyone in the troupe. Even if Yoshizawa didn't come to this seat, I felt that he wasn't the one to be given tomorrow.
However, he couldn't easily mention Yoshizawa's name. I couldn't say it easily because of a slight antipathy towards Yoshizawa. What's more, in one corner of his heart, it's a good show that Yoshizawa, who usually has a high-handed, down-to-earth attitude toward the troupe, can be an important attempt [# " The heart that I thought was "showing" was moving, albeit faintly.
Besides, since no one was aware of Yoshizawa, I thought that I wouldn't even pay special attention.
However, when the troupe was about to stand up as it was, Genpaku's heart became more and more painful. A light blame whipped his heart. He couldn't help noticing his low profile towards Yoshizawa.
He wasn't silent at last.
"There is Mr. Maeno! There is Mr. Maeno! I would like to inform Mr. Maeno somehow."
At that time, Genpaku felt cheerful as if he had been saved.
"Oh, there is Mr. Maeno! I had forgotten about Mr. Maeno. I would like to inform Mr. Maeno that it will not come true."
Genji responded immediately. But others didn't seem to be too upset. Jun'an said it was a good reason.
"I'm sorry to inform Mr. Maeno, but it's a long way to get to Mr. Maeno's residence in Kojimachi. The more I've passed the first time, the more I don't know the news. Mr. Maeno. Let's go to this next machine, "Koji". "
Genpaku thought that he should keep silent. This is all I need to know. I thought that Maeno had no in-law or responsibility to give to tomorrow's plan. However, he was aware that there was a heart in his heart that reminded him that Yoshizawa wouldn't come, so it was a shame to keep silent.
"No, I'm not saying that there is no newsletter to be informed. I'm sorry to say that there is a Sadameshi Tsuji basket at Kido | Giwa in Honbashi-cho. If you leave it to someone else, you can't help it. "
Genpaku's idea was a good idea for the time.
"That's the mindset of Tensei."
The troupe all agreed with it. Genji immediately started writing a letter.
Genpaku called Yoshizawa himself, but on the other hand, he was still feeling regretful about it. However, when I suddenly thought about my own Tahel Anatomia, another feeling moved. He thought of his strong feelings when presenting the rare book in front of everyone. Especially in front of Yoshizawa-in front of Yoshizawa, who always seems to be under pressure, I thought about my feelings of opening Tahel Anatomia.
He called Yoshizawa after all and thought he had done a good thing.

[# 10 indentation] 4 [# "4" is the middle heading]

On the morning of March 4, when Genpaku was close to the two tigers, he left the clan's residence in Shinohashi, passed through Kuramae from Asakusabashi, went out to Hirokoji, and arrived at the teahouse at the exit of Yamaya-cho from Sensoji. It was around the time when the six bells of Sensoji Temple were ringing in the light purple sky at the dawn of spring.
When I went up to the tatami room of the teahouse, Genji and Yoshizawa were already facing each other in the morning cold room of Asamu while surrounding the brazier.
When I saw Yoshizawa, who lives in Hirakawacho, Kojimachi, coming ahead of me, Genpaku was not a little surprised.
When Yoshizawa saw Genpaku coming in, he gave a polite nod.
"Mr. Sugita! I'm grateful that you used it for the liver roasting of your place last night. Thanks to you, I'm grateful to Daikei for giving such a meeting. By the way
Yes, when I was thanked head-on, Genpaku couldn't help feeling a little embarrassed about his feelings toward Yoshizawa.
Genji caught his mouth from the side.
"Mr. Sugita! Mr. Maeno hasn't been able to sleep since last night. The messenger came when he was close to his child, Ne, and he left his house around two. In the meantime, when I think of today's plan, it seems to be exciting and I can't sleep. "
Genpaku couldn't help feeling lonely when he learned that Yoshizawa's obsession was more intense than he was, and that he was no match for Yoshizawa in any way.
However, such loneliness was immediately comforted when I thought about Tahel Anatomia, which I had in my pocket. When I thought that I was the only one who had this rare book for today's attendance, that loneliness for Yoshizawa soon disappeared.
In the meantime, I saw Jun'an. Around half an hour, Haruyasu and Ryoen came along with me. When the faces of the six people came together, they went to Koshigahara with them.
The six people were excited and talked well while blowing their faces in the breeze in the early spring morning. All six were older than middle-aged, but their feelings were jumping for expectations. The pace of the six people was getting faster before I knew it. The little boy, Jun'an, tended to be late.
Genpaku was wondering when to take out Anatomische Tabell and show it to everyone. He was thinking of showing off at a teahouse in Yamaya-cho, but he didn't get the chance.
When approaching the execution chamber in Koshigahara, the neck of an old woman who had just died was hung on the owl tree facing the highway. When they realized that their torso could be dismissed today, the six couldn't help but feel a little uncomfortable.
Non-human | Head 《Gashira》 guided the six people to the Yoriki station at the entrance of the prison. The six had to wait there until they were ready.
Genpaku tried to work on Tahel Anatomia in his bosom, thinking that it was time for him.
However, at the same time, as Yoshizawa remembered, he untied the furoshiki wrap that he had in his right hand.
"Goodbye! Goodbye! There are a lot of things to show to each person. When I visited Nagasaki last year, I'm sorry to say that it's a Dutch anatomy book that I'll go home and keep home ..."
While saying so, he pointed out the one taken out of the furoshiki wrapping in front of everyone.
Genji received it with his curiosity shining. The eyes of the five were poured into it all at once. However, at first glance, Genpaku couldn't help but doubt his own eyes. It was the same edition of the same book that I had in my pocket, Anatomische Tabell.
He was stunned and had no words. His last reliance, which he thought he could argue against Yoshizawa, was fragile but trampled. However, Genpaku couldn't help but publish his book in his pocket.
"Did Mr. Maeno have been in possession for a long time? In fact, I have to ask for one this time."
Genpaku showed off casually. However, I couldn't feel the fineness of the show, which he had been looking forward to since last night. I felt like biting a garlic.
However, Yoshizawa was really surprised when he saw it. He picked up the book presented by Genpaku and turned over the cover and door.
"This is definitely the same book. It's a strange strange situation. It's a strange situation."
While saying so, Yoshizawa made many moves. Yoshizawa's attitude was like the sky.
"You and a certain" it's "unexpectedly possessed Tahel Anatomia, and this should be said to be Yoshimizu, which should be opened by Dutch medicine."
Yoshizawa continued to laugh at that word. He pointed to Genpaku with a figure in the book.
"Look! This is Long and the lungs. This is Hart and the heart. This is Marg and the stomach. This is Milt and the spleen. I would like to say that the theory of the five viscera, the six leaves of the lungs, the six leaves of the lungs, and both | the left three leaves and the right four leaves of the ear liver is not similar. It's time to try if the picture is correct. "
Yoshizawa's face was shining with excitement for the investigation. When Genpaku was in contact with Yoshizawa's enthusiastic and enthusiastic feelings, he forgot about the strange feelings in his heart [# "emphasis mark"].

[# 10 indentation] 5 [# "5" is the middle heading]

Eventually, the six went to the place of the observatory with them.
A poor temporary hut with a 蓆 was set up in a part of the prison. A certain doctor, "What", was waiting with three little boys and two Yoriki.
As expected, the corpse was that of an old woman whose neck was hung on an owl tree. The old woman was called Aochaba, a deadly sins woman who killed several children. When he was young, he was said to have been praised for his luster, and despite being over fifty, he still couldn't see any wrinkles on his white fat body.
The person who holds the sword was Toramatsu, a small man who was close to ninety. He was a healthy old man with red-black skin, as if the fat of the corpse of the prisoner was oozing out.
Since he was young, he boasted that he had worked on humans many times and had solved several people.
Although the six were brave for their investigation, when they saw the headless, white, awkward corpse, everyone couldn't help but turn their faces away. The ugly feelings they received from their eyes and nose closed their breasts. However, Yoshizawa, Jun'an, and Genpaku all had a desperate color and endured such a feeling.
The old man's small man held the polished deba in his other hand, and cut open the corpse's chest as if he were breaking the beast's flesh. From the corpse, which was less than half an hour after the neck was separated, the blood that was clumping oozes out as the cutting edge of the blade advances.
The chest was cut in the first place. Both Yoshizawa and Genpaku opened the picture of Anatomische Tabell's chest and compared it with the chest of the corpse, which was opening bright red.
What a mystery it was for Yoshizawa and Genpaku. One of the bones and one of the muscles that are cut at the tip of the blade, the strange white streaks running like a net between the flesh, the fat that rises white, fills the chest. There was no difference between the spooky expanding lungs, the bright red peach-like heart organs peeking from under the left lung, and the picture of Tahel Anatomia.
Yoshizawa, Genpaku, and the other four did not speak because of deep admiration.
Subsequently, I was hungry. There was no difference from the Dutch map, such as the stomach that appeared there, the intestine that was crouched in a strange shape, and the unknown viscera hidden behind the stomach.
When the old slaughter stopped his hand holding the blade, Yoshizawa shouted as if he had returned to me for the first time.
"It's the ultimate. It's the ultimate. There is no difference between the picture of the Dutch book and the size of the picture. The various theories of the Japanese and Chinese books are all insignificant delusions. did"
"It's the best. It's the best!"
Everyone was impressed by Yoshizawa.

On the way back from the prison, Haruyasu and Ryoen were a little late, so Yoshizawa, Genji, Jun'an, and Genpaku were four people. The four were immersed in the same excitement. It was a tribute to the mysterious Dutch medical technique.
From the prison to the 6th and 7th towns, everyone was silently immersed in their own excitement, but when they approached Asakusa | Tambo, Jun'an seemed to be impressed.
"Today's experiment is nothing more than a surprise. If you think that you have overtaken such a thing without knowing it, it is a shame. If the person who serves does not know the true shape of the human body, which should be said to be the basis of the technique, and has been doing the work day by day until today, it must be a shame. Based on this, if you have a doctor who understands the truth of the body roughly, it will be an excuse to stand between the heavens and the earth with the doctor. "
Ryosawa, Genpaku, and Genji couldn't help but agree with Jun'an's recollection. Genpaku went after that.
"That's right. I don't think I'd like to translate this volume of Tahel Anatomia anyway. If I translate it, I'll tell you what's inside and outside the body. With the acquisition of Ming, I believe that there will be great benefits in terms of medical treatment from today onwards. "
Yoshizawa was also able to understand from the bottom of his heart.
"No, Mr. Sugita said, it's just right. Actually, I've been busy with my homework for reading Dutch books for years, but I didn't have a good friend with the same ambitions, and I spent the day just thinking about it. I would be most happy if each of you could agree on your ambitions. Fortunately, last year's study abroad program in Nagasaki, "Migiri," and a little Dutch, I remember using it as a seed. Let's read this Tahel Anatomia together. "
Genpaku, Jun'an, and Genji were all the same. They were united with extraordinary excitement.
"From now on, I say goodness is good. Please come to my house from tomorrow!"
Yoshizawa shined his big eyes.

[# 10 indentation] 6 [# "6" is the middle heading]

As about, the four people met at Yoshizawa's house in Hirakawacho five or six times a month, starting the next day.
The three, except Yoshizawa, didn't even remember the 25 Dutch characters at first.
Yoshizawa taught three people the Dutch language. He had studied abroad in Nagasaki, so he knew a little about Dutch and verses, but that was almost not enough. After about a month, there was nothing left for Yoshizawa to teach the three.
After the introduction of the three people, the four people went to the book of Tahel Anatomia for the first time.
However, from the first page of the opening volume, as if it were just a stern, he embarked on the ocean of a ship without a rudder. There wasn't.
However, when I turned over a few sheets, there was a figure of the whole human body lying down on my back. They thought. It is difficult to know the human body scene, but since the external elephant on the surface knows the famous place one by one, it is easiest to think about the code in the figure and the code in the theory together. I thought so.
They searched for the codes on the eyebrows, mouth, lips, ears, belly, crotch, heels, etc. in the text. And I remembered words such as eyebrows, mouth, and lips one by one.
However, even if I understood only those words, the words before and after could not be solved at all by their poor power. Even if I thought about each chapter for a long day in spring, I often couldn't reveal it as a reminder. After thinking about it for two days, the four of them finally solved the phrase, "Eyebrows, eyes, eyes, and hair." The four were laughing at the bland words, but they couldn't help but feel the joy and tears oozing in their eyes.
When they came down from the eyebrows to the nose, the four people had hit the phrase that the nose was a full-hechend thing.
Of course, there was no complete dictionary. However, in the book that Yoshizawa brought back from Nagasaki, there was a translation of Full Hechend. It was a phrase, "After cutting off the branches of a tree, make a full-hechend, and if you clean the garden, the dust will be gathered and you will make a full-hechend."
The four people couldn't easily understand the translation, even if they inquired about it.
"Full Hechend! Full Hechend!"
The four people hummed the words from time to time and thought through everything from the time of the snake to the time of the monkey. The four looked at each other and thought through without even a single word. Around the time of the monkey, Genpaku jumped up and hit the kneecap.
"I told you to solve it. I told you to solve it. People, I'm sorry. After cutting off the branches of the tree, if you heal it, it will become a bank. If you gather it, it will become a bank, and if you do it, your nose will be in the surface, and if you use something that you want to bank, Fulhechend will be a bank. "such as.
The four people struck hands and enjoyed each other. Tears shone in Genpaku's eyes. His joy was better than catching the ball of the castle.
However, I couldn't understand the word "shinnen" even after thinking about it for a month.
They first came into contact with esoteric words, and each time they came in contact with them, they made a mark by drawing a cross in a circle. It was called 轡 《Kutsuwa》 Jumonji. During the first year, countless 轡 10 characters were scattered on every page and on each page.
However, their brave spirit as a pioneer had to conquer everything. It was worth keeping the regular days six or seven times a month. By the time more than a year had passed, the number of translated words had increased, and the pulse of the verses was clear.
The struggle as a pioneer was eventually rewarded with the joy that only the pioneer knew. As the end of the phrase became clear, the sweetness of the unprecedented truth contained in it gradually permeated their hearts, as if they were eating sugar cane.
They were so happy that they could only set foot in the unprecedented academic soil of Japanese people, and at each meeting date, they couldn't wait for the dawn in the comfort of going to the children's and girls' festivals. Was there.

[# 10 indentation] Seven [# "Seven" is the middle heading]

Genpaku had no trace of the slight antipathy that he had for Yoshizawa at first. He had great respect for his personality and his scholarship.
However, as the translation business progressed, Genpaku noticed that his ambition and that of Yoshizawa gradually separated.
Genpaku's ambition was to translate Tahel Anatomia as soon as possible, put it to practical use in treatment, and use it as a seed for the invention of doctors in the world. He thought in his heart. It takes several generations and decades of effort before Chinese studies are introduced to Japan and succeed. In the same way, I thought that Taisei of Dutch studies must take several generations. Rather than aiming for such an unprecedented great work for a generation, he thought that he should gather his aspirations in each book and aim for fulfillment in a generation. Although the disorder of the five-colored threads is beautiful, I decided to use only one color such as red or yellow for practical use, and I thought that everyone else should be cut off.
Therefore, he was eager to translate Tahel Anatomia. He met for a day and translated what he could understand as soon as he got home.
However, Yoshizawa's ambition was far-reaching. His ambition was the culmination of Dutch studies. It was hardly in my eyes like Tahel Anatomia. He was informed about the Netherlands and had the ambition to read through any books in his country.
For the first year or two, there was no opinion between Yoshizawa and Genpaku. But as their power progressed, the two were always in a similar quarrel.
"I understand the meaning of the sentence these days. Let's move on."
Genpaku was always in a hurry. However, Yoshizawa was calm and relaxed.
"No, please wait. Even if the meaning of the sentence is understood, the meaning of the word is not understood. Generally, if the meaning of the word is not understood and only the meaning of the sentence is understood, it is said to be a guess."
Yoshizawa did not move stubbornly.

[# 10 indentation] Eight [# "eight" is the middle heading]

The four years have passed.
Genpaku has updated the manuscript of Tahel Anatomia twelve times. However, there were five unsolved places and seventeen esoteric places in the volume. Genpaku hurried to Azusa. However, Yoshizawa didn't agree with Kami Azusa until he understood the unsolved place.
Yoshizawa and Genpaku discussed it many times. However, no matter how much they argued, they did not find a match. It was a fundamental difference in their attitudes towards Dutch studies.
Genpaku finally decided to publish the Kaitai Shinsho, a translation of Anatomische Tabell, under his own name. However, he could not ignore Yoshizawa's name. Although the writing of the translation was done by Genpaku, the success of the translation should have been attributed to Yoshizawa in the middle.
Genpaku visited Yoshizawa and begged for the preface. However, Yoshizawa declined the preface by saying as follows.
"No, when I once traveled to Kyushu, I haven't sworn in by saying that I visited Tenmangu in Dazaifu. Yoshizawa prayed for Dutch studies, so let's find out the true reason. Because of this, I prayed that I should pray for the fulfillment of this scholarship because it is not for the benefit of my name. Let me be forgiven flatly! "
Genpaku who heard it was lonely. But he didn't feel like demeaning his attitude. He respected Yoshizawa's attitude. But at the same time, he couldn't help but affirm his attitude.
He insisted on his attitude as follows in his memoir when he met the world of Rangaku Gakutaka in his later years.
"Okina is originally sparse and illiterate, so even if he translates the orchid theory considerably, he has no power to understand and understand it quickly, but he entrusts it to others. It's hard to understand what I mean, and I have to write it myself without paying attention to my soul. I think that there should be a subtlety of precision in it, but it's hard to understand. I can't force you to understand it, I can only mention what I have reached. For example, if you want to go to Kyo, you know that there are two roads, Tokai and Higashiyama, and if you go west to west, you will finally reach Kyo. That should be the first thing. If you think about teaching the path, you have to sing the outline. When you sing it for the first time, you are afraid of the later sword. With such a brilliant understanding, the project "Kuwadategoto" cannot be done. Based on the general rule, it is possible to translate the point where the point goes. This is what the old man had hoped for since that time. Unless there is a person named Yoshizawa in the world, this road should not be opened. Don't open it quickly, it should also be a helper. "



Bottom book: "Kan Kikuchi Shorts and Dramas" Bungei Shunju
Issued the first print on March 25, 1988 (Showa 63)
Input: Yoshiaki Masaki
Proofreading: Tomoko Niwa
Published January 14, 2000
Revised April 3, 2011
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
