After Rashomon
Ryunosuke Akutagawa

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) 貉 《Mujina》

/ \: Double dance character (repeated symbol in the shape of a vertically lengthened "ku")
(Example) / \ Make your own way

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) [# Raise one character from the ground] Ryunosuke Akutagawa
-------------------------------------------------- -----

The short stories in this collection, except for "Rashomon," "Mujina," and "Loyalty," were usually written for the past year-counting years, when I was five years old. Then, the half "Nakaba" was once published in the magazine "Shinshicho" that they run.
During this period, I was a lazy student at Tsuru University of Tokyo. I only go to listen to lectures for 67 hours a week. The exam is always "Hanaha", and I write an ambiguous answer and pass it. I made a graduation thesis in a busy week. .. It is not a small part of the professors of the same university that I was able to graduate anyway, such as indulging in these extravagances. It is regrettable that I, who is narrow and narrow, cannot thank the amount of grace from the bottom of my heart.
I had written some short stories before "Rashomon". Perhaps, with the addition of unfinished works, it would have been twice as high as the ones in this collection. At that time, I had no intention of making a presentation and no institution to make a presentation, so I was a writer, a reader, and a critic, and I didn't feel particularly dissatisfied with it. Yuki "Motto" also became a coterie of the third generation "Shinshicho" on the way and published one short story. However, soon after "Shinshicho" was discontinued, I became a person who had nothing to do with the literary world as before.
While it continued for about a year, I remember bringing the manuscript to the New Year issue of "Teikoku Bungaku" and returning it, but soon the second time it was finally printed in the same magazine, three. About half a year later, I managed to see the light of day. The third time is the "Rashomon" that I put in this. Shortly after the announcement, I heard that Takeo Kato had read his novel in the human biography. I refuse, but I heard that I read it, so I didn't hear that I praised it. But I was satisfied with that alone. This is the beginning when I learned that my novel also has readers other than friends, and that it can happen at the same time.
Next, the 4th generation "Shinshicho" was published by Kume, Matsuoka, Kikuchi, Naruse, and myself. Then, Mr. Natsume praised the "nose" that appeared in the first issue by letter. This is the beginning of my novel being criticized by someone other than my friends, and at the same time being praised.
Shortly afterwards, at the recommendation of Miekichi Suzuki, "Imogayu" was published in "New Novel", but it was Ning who contributed to magazines other than "Shinshicho". It starts with "Magazine" listed in "Hope".
I wrote the above things after this collection because I wanted to commemorate myself when I wrote these works. You will have the opportunity to announce your findings and attitudes toward your creations to others. Only "just", I'm coming closer / \ I feel that I can grow to some extent only by walking my own way. Therefore, the name "Shinrichiha", which is often "often" received by oneself, and the name "new skill group", are all good for me. It's just an annoying sticker. It is because I have no courage to be confident that the characteristics of my work are so clear and simple that they are summarized by those names.
Finally, I would like to express my gratitude once again to the "Shinshicho" coterie who always stimulates and inspires me. Something like this collection, or "or", in your name-may be something that keeps an uncertain existence in the future as the work of one of the same person. Then, of course, I'm satisfied. However, even if that is not the case, it is not always unsatisfactory. This is the reason why I dare to speak to the same person.
May 1918
[# Raise one character from the ground] Ryunosuke Akutagawa



Bottom book: "Japanese Literature 33 Rashomon" Holp Shuppan
August 1, 1984 (Showa 59) First edition first edition issued
December 1, 1986 (Showa 61) First edition 3rd edition issued
Parent of the bottom book: "Rashomon" Aranda Shobo
Issued in May 1917 (Taisho 6)
Input: j.utiyama
Calibration: earthian
Published December 28, 1998
Revised March 17, 2004
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
