Spiritual instinct
Tetsuro Watsuji

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Shine

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Numbers are JIS X 0213 area area number or Unicode, base page and number of lines)
(Example) * [# "Stone + (Kusakanmuri / 溥)", Level 3 1-89-18]

[]: Enclose the accent-decomposed European language
(Example) [Im scho: nen, Im guten, Im ganzen,]
Please refer to the following URL for details on accent decomposition.
http://www.aozora.gr.jp/accent_separation.html
-------------------------------------------------- -----

[# 5 indentation] 1 [# "1" is the middle heading]

Stand in the deserted autumn field. The stars surround the throne of the moon, and the moon shines purely on the earth's flowers. The flowers shine with crimson, blooming yellow, scented purple, and decorate the autumn field. Under the upper moon of the flower, the mysterious voice that the autumn musician has done his best to master the skill in harmony with the flow of "Senkan" is heard. Yuko There is an infinite amount of sorrow in her chest when she is stunned and stands on this border. This unbearable sorrow makes me sad and sad. What does the sound of insects, the color of flowers, the beauty of all the universes mean, that sorrow is wrapped in the bottom of non-empty, non-empty "beauty"? Go down the streets of Ginza. Hundreds of trains are different from each other in the moment of stone fire. Hundreds of thousands of men and women behave like a flock of locusts covering the Egyptian fields. When you ask why you are walking, you say that you have a business, and when you ask why you have a business, I answer that you are in business, not playing. Business is for money and money is for greed. No one is satisfied just by living. All greed must be satisfied, greed is endless. The limited "human life" is useless before the endless desire of instinct. Are people in Ginza walking to no avail?
Life is a complicated and difficult problem. This has been a problem since the human being was a wingless bipedal beast since the appearance of the Sphinx with its eyes peeled. It is still difficult today when Mr. Takahashi's "view of life" unravels his life and Mr. Kuroiwa's theory of celestial people opens up the mystery between heaven and people. If it is difficult, Mr. Fujimura will stand on the head, and tens of thousands of people will have memory weakness. Even Dr. Shin Watato has memory weakness. It is not a problem that can be solved by tasting the tuna's body. Uogashi's older brother transcends this problem with a headband over there, and the studyer with a dictionary. Some people hide in a "smart" shield and call this agony Nogure, while others immerse themselves in an "ideal" trench and call this annoyance morbid.
Life problems underlie all history. The person who fell into the well while counting the stars, and the person who thought silently until it became bones and skins are not historical figures. However, the human pathways of the last few thousand years have not allowed us to leave this problem for a day. Saigyo became a healthy leg, and Nobunaga danced ruggedly. Shinno, Socrates, Kant, Lancelot, Elaine, and Osomekumatsu also touched on this issue. Buddha and Jesus solve this and save many spirits. Did this saved sentient being reveal a true life? Did humans, such as Alexandre the Great and Napoleon I, show the land of life research instead, who should have been screaming in the nine spheres of hell without being saved? This is an undecided issue. If you say that it is ideal for me to be saved by the belief of religion and to be conscious of the existence of the Almighty while being spiritual and to push forward with decisive steps to live in [Im scho: nen, Im guten, Im ganzen,] Some people ridiculed me. It is the most obvious and rational belief for me. The person says it's a laughable idea. To be fair, it's just a watering theory. When socialism flutters the red flag, imperialism is coldly launching. The person who invented the free ride on the train and the physiocracy eat the same rice. When a person who fills all the flesh's desires is envious of the melting and lustrous state, the Taoist professor glares at the person with an unpleasant eye.
Which is good, which is evil, the human world is incomprehensible. Those who are born in this person's world and who intend to act as "people" in the first place must reach the barrier of life problems at least once.

[# 5 indentation] Two [# "two" is the middle heading]

Release your eyes to the whole life. The bright surface envelops the dark sin. In the darkness, there are rich people who want to give explosive bombs and scholars who want to eat horse manure. Everything is just a phenomenon of attachment to matter. On the other hand, there is transcendence. Those who are obsessed with sake transcend the bun, and those who are obsessed with the body transcend the spirit. These two become long and short, and draw a thousand kinds of ripples, and personnel affairs are nothing more than embroidery that weaves these ripples.
Society has a beautiful side. However, the evil forces that make this dirty are extremely strong. The aesthetic life of one Yujiro becomes a ruin of the family, tears of the mother, and despair of the wife. A child who grows up in a cold family has no hope for the future. See also the desire to be obsessed with comfort. I don't like studying. Teachers who can force their studies deprive students of their pride and pleasure. It may be admitted that the "self" was insulted when the dictionary was given at the time when it should be in the vaudeville. Thus, he indulges in the morning sleep and sees the school as a prison. Leaving school to save the "self". My friend makes a noise and my mother cries. The guarantor goes straight and yells.
The attachment of life also brought about a big change in life. A terrible curse left to the world by those who die of the grudge of love and die of painful rebellion. An elaborate living spirit. Misao Fujimura's soul and poem invites more than a hundred spirits to Kegon Falls, and the obsession with life gives a kind of strange reaction to the mundane heart and soul that forgets "life" and loses the existence of "self." From the small chest to the chest, count three, count seventy, count nine hundred, and travel to ten million. This ripple becomes a legend, a myth, an oral tradition, and remains forever. The attachment of life is further transformed and transformed into a figure that appears every moment in daily life. Courage and courage are all phenomena that leave this attachment. body! What is the existence of the body? The attachment of matter ignores the authority of the spirit and makes a humble obedience before the greed of the flesh. The body, which is nourished by rice, meat, and vegetables, is nothing more than a pig when it lacks this precious spirit, and is a brother of a cow who goes to the field. A finite person who comes back from the dust and returns to the dust has a spirit that fills the body with light, and when he sees the harmonious harmony between the flesh and the spirit, the two-legged beast without wings evolves into a dignified "person." Meat is a bag and spirit is a gem. When the bag is thrown into the water, the beads must also sink. However, even if the bag is soiled and broken by rocks, the gem still shines, and this light is precious. Even if the beads are thrown into the depths of the nine, the hearts of the people who just wish to be in the safe land of the sack of the skin are ignorant. Those who do not know the preciousness of the jewels that I keep are miserable after passing through pity, but because I have saved my life, I have lost my inner life because I have filled my lust and withered my inner desires. The fruit is unfortunate. Look at the workers who go further in this pitiful man. The line of life that abandons the precious inner life and just struggles is cut off, and it is on the verge of despair. The cry of socialism echoes instantly. "Pity my thin rope of life and give it a thick rope to keep it safe," he shouts. The frosty world people look down on the unscrupulous and pitiful workers who unravel the cause and fate of the previous life. It's cruel. I didn't know that this was the weak person of this rope in the dark night when I couldn't solve the scale. It is natural to shout for salvation the moment you realize that you are in danger. Blowing the Egyptian cigars and cigars in a relaxed manner, looking at them as dangerous, is a rebellious, rebellious, and outrageous extremity.
A heroic worker facing "despair" gets angry when he sees a ruthless world. It doesn't matter if the rope breaks. I want to throw a ferocious explosive bullet at the head of a person who has a chilly laugh on his lips. I dare to bet the blood of thousands of brothers to reward that ridicule, and my wrath screams in the blood. "Life is empty, only with this anger, come brothers, what obsession with the empty life." When the spirit is entrusted to the earth for a nobleman full of vanity and beast, and the danger of life is awakened. , The French revolution happened with one voice. Anger sees blood and shouts Kaya. Life has created a splendid ripple here, and the reaction of attachment is terrifying.
Anger and pleading are phenomena that occur after recognizing the existence of the "self". Those who enjoy the heavens, enjoy the earth, and live calmly without knowing the misfortune are even more merciful. Searching for human traces in the deep mountains, ancient people are rushing to eat nuts. Robin Hood wears bear skin and burns fallen leaves, their chests are not obsessive, good or bad, just dull. The body moves as the emotions move, and when the flowers fall, the sleeping bird jumps up when it sings. The poet John Keats longs for this life and sings,

[# Indent two characters from here]
No, the bugle sounds no more,
And twanging bow no more;
Silent is the irony shrill
Past the heath and up the hill;
There is no mid-forest laugh,
Where lone echo gives the half
To some wight amazed to hear
Jesting deep in forest drear.
[# End of indentation here]

When wandering through the forest with seven stars in the sunlight on a spring night, Keets' chest is filled with evil and a fierce hatred of this world occurs. Eventually, the people of the old, sad forest will fall in love with each other. I want to be a nostalgic person. But now, the horn does not sound in this evening's moon. Keets turned his longing eyes toward the moon.
No matter what Keets says, this "mountain person" without "ego" is a person who should be merciful. When a spiritual poet wears a mountain man's robe in the depths of the mountain, the mountain man acts primarily as a "person." The mountain people who transcend everything have finally transcended the spirit. It became the closest to the deer and the wild boar and fell into the tenth righteousness. Wilhelm Tell appears with a bow and arrow when Keets wears the clothes of a mountain man. Teru is the first person born to the poet's ideals.
There are people who know the authority of the spirit and have some inner life, but still lie in vain and put themselves in a pitiful state. Vanity is the character of endless sand. I regret that "self" is misunderstood, and it is the most ugly and most cowardly personality to advertise "self" more than its true value and to take pride in being able to surpass all others. is there. The incarnation of vanity sometimes intimidates and arouses reverence. A personality that is close to God is sometimes empty. A true great man is great without decoration. Those who have white eyes on the sword-burning blade must take off the mask of vanity, and when they are in the high ground and gain insight into everything, vanity is a mischief that can't be laughed at. A woman who pretends to be beautiful and competes for luster, a man who is miserable due to the height of the color, and I want to spit on my face, and there are people who buy feather shawls with rough food. Some people destroy their homes and chase after their trousers. Education that should make a child who is obsessed with the shape of a hat by blowing a cigarette on the snow cover is a difficult task, ah, and thus vanity is Lorelei who invites people to the reef of corruption.
Life is chaotic. The attachment of flesh and the attachment of good life vanity are all life-disturbing magics. Hundreds of millions of human beings stare at each other with hundreds of millions of eyes whitened. Start meshing at the end of glaring. The light of a road that runs through the waves of the chaotic sea that resembles this hell is "morality." I turn my attention to modern morals here.

[# 5 indentation] Three [# "three" is the middle heading]

Modern traditional morals and mechanical education impose a pattern on my personality. As a "person", he moves to the right and to the left as he is commanded, without any spiritual awareness. Thus, both Tadashi and Takashi become meaningless physical activities. Filial piety and Saegusa's gratitude are said to be the first principle of life because they call good and evil without the source that should lie at the root of virtue. Compared to crows and pigeons, it is my shame. I want to be filial as a conscious "person". Filial piety without love is nothing more than a cold rudeness. Shin without resonance of personality is the character of the surface of water. Loyalty without sacrifice is hypocrisy.
Modern morality transcends spiritual roots and encourages hypocrisy. Those who call themselves "the incarnation of reason" on their frosty faces are strong in society with this hypocrisy, and try to purify their lives with this rudeness. Life is strict. Human improvement requires serious efforts. It is the extreme of ugliness to cover the flesh with the essence removed from the mask and make it a cheat. The bloodless marble statue also has sublime and luster. The cold but bloody "reasoning" teacher competes with Ebisu for a recession. Educationalism on this morality locks the innocent heavenly man in a prison of hypocrisy. The color of the eastern heavens that colors the dawn of life, not in the light of personality or inspiration of spirits, is the pollution of poison.
The belief that the Japanese people sought high was "Tada-kun," who killed his life in front of your horse compared to the lightness of the hair. The first condition of Bushido, the 2,500-year-old blue history, leaves a mark of this splendid ripple on every page. You have absolute authority and before that there is no equality of human beings and no freedom of thought. Those who are obsessed with gold in their bodies have transcended this for "for you." There will be a righteous person there. However, there is no choice but to roast the 豕 and go up to the table for those who are cast in the traditional morals to bury the pits and dust the hoofs due to their habit. I don't want to pay homage to this meaningless "Tadakun". Similarly, if it actually exists in this world as a person, my spiritual starting point is one, a spirit with the same authority before God. The prince, the high-ranking slave, and the humble are bound by the bond of custom, one is placed in front of the rose, and the other is abandoned in the thorns. It is decided to. The great thing of the psyche is the hero. The excitement of sincerity sacrifices my flesh to save tens of millions of spirits cleanly and to derive the flesh of the spirits from dirt. "Patriotism" stands in this respect. "Patriotism" transformed into a loyal prince.
A flock of crows flying around a mountain of skeletons, in the order of their journey, which spilled the blood of Tadashi and shed the blood of patriotism. Both Tagosaku and Hachiko left their physical attachment and became patriots. The crow sings "Isao" and screams, but hopefully Tagosaku and Hachiko mourn their misfortune and swallow their regrets and leave the world for a long time. I don't want to know.
Filial piety is the basis of oriental ethics, and both gods and people praise it. It is said that when he got naked on a cold night and slept on the ice, he was impressed by the carp and jumped up. A young man who can enthusiastically struggle to comfort his old mother who can be left in his hometown transcends Echikatsu and a cafe just in case. Shintaro Kikuchi saw the inspiration of a dagger from his nostalgic mother's chest in front of his late father's grave in the evening when the cherry blossoms of spring were falling. The light, like ice, never leaves Kikuchi's head. Eventually, this light became the light of the gift clock. This beautiful feeling is the spiritual excitement of the person who stands on "love". I emphasize "love", the young duke's family took a walk in Ueno with the mother church in a car, and the charcoal burner in the mountains stole to bury his father's corpse. Today's society does not know which is Takako. If the woman who abandons her moderation and leaves the spirit for her parents' sake bill is Takako, I would rather curse "Takashi".
Hakkenden is said to be a crop that fits Tolstoy's view of art, except for the places where "Hamaji sneaks to Shino". The ideal of modern Tokuiku is also the state of eight dogs. This ideal is good. It must be good, but it is scolded that those who shout "Overturn vanity from the ground up" by this ideal are radical. If you say, "Get rid of unscrupulous humans from society," you will be greeted by the fact that you are in a bad mood. Those who shout, "Break down all injustices and return society to its original pureness," are seen with a madman. A sighing idea! An educator who indulges in peace! Behold, the world of those who can make you is nothing more than a mass of hypocrisy that wraps attachment in the skin of vanity. In short, modern morality demands that "determine yourself with material transcendence and spiritual attachment." In other words, get rid of "selfishness" and stand on your spiritual awareness to fulfill your obligations. However, the morality that appears on the outside is conveyed to the form and the invasion and forgets its spirit.
Even in modern times, there are relatively clean things such as "home". Surrounding that big stove, my grandfather is surrounded by his grandchildren and enjoys old tales. The couple forget about the story of the day and smile at each other. I worked all the time from morning till evening if I had a happy family. A warm family is full of love. There are all virtues in the place of love. Being conscious of the first person in the universe, he wields the courage to rush to true goodness. This area is the utopia of this world. Dickins' Christmas Carol is an interesting novel. A ferocious sukuruji who is obsessed only with gold without love, mercy, blood, and flesh is pulled by the ghosts of the past, present, and future, and in one night, the fun of the dreamlike home of the past and the ruthless present are approaching. The territory of dark death was shown painfully. The next morning is Christmas. Sukuruji is somehow fun and irresistible. It's funny if the dog falls, and I'm happy if the child goes through. Sukurugi has broken away from his golden obsession and stepped into the perfect life of love and peacefulness (Dante). In modern times, cleanliness is just a home. Those who have a warm and peaceful family are those who have some sympathy for life, enjoy the hobbies of sorrow, and become aware of themselves. Many millionaires and Chinese have no one who can truly be called a "home." From an economic point of view, they are the jewels of society. From a mental observation, it is a poison of society. Superficial formal morality is the most fragile for the "rich." The rich finally step out of humanity. I think of a conscious and peaceful farmer's family rather precious.
With a few exceptions, all modern morals are chaotic, all dark, and have the most pessimistic side. With the development of civilization, the desire for flesh grows stronger, and the thirst for vanity grows stronger. I want to discover the true spirit under the superficial appearance. We must revolutionize the zeitgeist and recognize the light of the new era on the equinoctial week. "I must absolutely transcend matter and be absolutely obsessed with the psyche." This is called spiritual instinct.

[# 5 indentation] 4 [# "4" is the middle heading]

Ukiyo is hard to live in. A villain appears in a group of Ursai humans and stupid humans, and when they try to live seriously, they become nervously weakened. Chogyu said, "I have to transcend the present age." His unreasonable hand was defeated by lung disease, and Chogyu had to live seriously. This is the reason for the anguish of later years. This is the reason for the demands of religion. This is the reason why he left the fifth volume of Chogyu's complete works to the world from a young age, saying, "It's a sign that people should live forever by making a fool of the world." At least his spiritual efforts have considerable power in the "children" he was ridiculing, even if they do not have a competent influence on my spirit. On the one hand of this spiritual attachment, there was intense anguish due to transcendence of matter.
The "Kusamakura" painter calls the world a "difficult country to live in." Mr. Ekaki intends to live in this world with art and save the elephant and elephant of the Ukiyo from his memory weakness. On a warm and pleasant day in spring, I look at the sea in spring, overlook the mountains in spring, and write a poem of selflessness in a stunned and selfless state among the blurred flowers. The painter first saved himself. It transcends all material personnel. If this painter walks with great determination and spirit, for spiritual authority, for humanity, and for the beauty of the universe, I will be a warrior of spiritual instinct. I would be happy to welcome him. If I put a little effort into making a masterpiece and put a little effort into making a fool of the Ursai people, I would like to hold him in both hands. Mr. Kaki must keep his mind to sleep in the bokeh flowers in the midst of more troublesome personnel affairs. In order to heal another person's memory weakness, the patient with a gloomy face must first be freely steered.
Saigyou Hoshi is a man who gave a kind of solution to this point. As soon as he realizes the fragility of the ephemeral world, he immediately breaks the bond of this world, transcends the material world, goes through mountains and crosses rivers. Float in the east like a white cloud that flirts with Mine, and stays in the west. If you get drunk with the beauty of nature, you will be in the universe. * [# "Stone + (Kusakanmuri / Pound)", Level 3 1-89-18] Thinks of the emptiness of the human world and longs for the splendor of the next world. The only thing that remains in my heart is the wish of spring death under the flowers. Saigyo was extremely transcendent. However, spiritual attachment is weak. His humanitarianism truly ignores responsibility. Regardless of his faith, Kukai's talent and Nichiren's ardent devotion bring his spiritual value close to nothing. What is the value of him, who has a slight hiding in waka poetry and pretending to be a poet, but has only the purpose of "self [#" self "as an emphasis mark]" [# "only purpose" as an emphasis mark].
I once met a strange traveling monk. Carrying a hammock and a blanket, he calmly divides into the uninhabited mountains. In Aso, he tried to freeze to death while hanging in a hammock, but in Myogi, he spent the night in a rock cave near the top. This thing that transcends the body and society is walking around Japan. The journey brings people closer to nature, and when you see the mountainous mountains of the Japanese Alps lying down, the majesty of the universe appears in your heart. This beauty trembles the spirit most intensely * [# "Amekanmuri / Yu", 24-11] "Shinto" and seriously thinks about life. However, unfortunately, he has fallen into the same mistake as Saigyo. The hermit hermit has no value as a member of society at the same time as it becomes a life and death negotiation. Satisfaction of one's psyche is not the purpose. Without the belief in bathing the mundane in the sacred water and washing the mundane world, the hermit is nothing more than a creature that can be like a crane.
Absolute attachment to truth, righteousness, love, and villas Immediately God's longing [# aside from "God's longing"] and evil hatred [# aside from "evil hatred"] are the maximum requirements to be "people" .. If all people struggle with this awareness, life will be idealized and humanity will improve. When longing for a "perfect personality" that transcends beast, vanity, and bad habits, it is a moment to form a "personality" with a clear heart and a clean head. It is the starting point for me to move toward the ideal of genuine socialism and reach Dante's paradise. The boundaries of To thee be all man Hero will become more and more apparent when all the world is prone to this. The true meaning of the society is probably here as well. The cherry blossoms that bloom in a turbulent manner away from the profane dust in the deep mountains are scattered in one piece and two pieces, floating in the flow of a clear valley, going around the mountains, crossing the fields and spreading to the rugged plains. Thank you for the Miyama Sakura for the first time. The spirit that transcends the human world and realizes the mystery of the universe is perfect only when it transforms the people and realizes the group. My heart should not devour peace. It takes every desperate struggle for truth, righteousness, love, and villa. If the spirit makes a ferocious attachment to "righteousness", the sacrifice will suddenly spread its wings. Newton, Washington, and Lutheran, when they were in great construction, were full of sacrifice. The spirit is violently moved by the truth of God's providence, the righteousness of humanity, the love of beauty, and the majesty of the universe, and transcends the material world altogether. What is life! What is the pain! My psyche does not feel the pain of the flesh. Just follow the spiritual instinct and move as you wish. See that ardent martyr. Byron painted seven majestic brothers in "Prisoners of Siyon". In a dark prison, an iron chain * [# "Gold + 肅", 3rd level 1-93-39] "Rust", and endures for more than a dozen years calmly for "morality". It is the manifestation of a majestic spirit. One brother dies and two dies. Even in the moment when the light of "life" is about to disappear from the pretty eyes of their beloved compatriots, they only see each other beyond the distance between them. I just want to hold my warm hand once, ah, before the ball goes out, once again on his knees ... and rage like a madman. * [# "Gold + 肅", 3rd level 1-93-39] The fluttering iron chain only makes a heavy sound. Thus, tears of grudge and tears of anger flow on the knees of the brothers, but they do not mourn for "morality". I find the footsteps of these seven ferocious spiritual instincts in the castle of Siyon on the shores of Lake Leman.
Look at Lutheran, look at Christo, it is easy to endure the suffering of matter when the spirit rises. The Lord Es, who spends his life on salvation and atonement and bleeds on the cross, is a proof of myism. In short, when the spirit that transcends the body and is ecstatic about the sorrow of the universe touches the majestic, admires the truth, heats up in righteousness, gets drunk with love, and enters the border of selflessness, it reaches a high tide. [Im Scho: nen, Im Guten, Im Ganzen resolbt zu leben] It is ideal to approach. It is a kind of ghost that immerses the precious spirit in the satisfaction of the body. I am ashamed to be with the 豕. At the same time, I have to sneak up on the shame and wash and cleanse the 豕. Before my self-improvement, "love" becomes alive and pitiful, and "masculine" moves and sacrifices and makes me obsessed with this business. In this way, I want to act in this world as the spirit commands, and this is my principle.

[# 5 indentation] 5 [# "5" is the middle heading]

The principle of "absolutely transcend matter and absolutely attach to the spirit" is too vague. Absolute material transcendence leads to death. I can't quit death, I'm not afraid of death. Just because of spiritual attachment, he lives in this world and moves to this world. Therefore, my life must take on the brilliance of the psyche. It is not possible for a person who fears death to succumb to gold without mourning the difficulties of life. However, I need food to live, and I have a duty to work for food. It would be a nuisance if all the worldly people became hermits and became hermits. Count Tolstoy advocated Physiocracy because of his measure. Since there is already Physiocracy, semi-commercialism is possible, and semi-teacherism is also good. No, if you can afford it, Zen-Noh and Zen-Noh are good. The point is not to lose the "human essence". Based on this determination, he swims through the swirling abyss of vanity, beast nature, and guilt on the equinoctial week. The young Dante was crushed by Beatrice's mourning bell and jumped into this abyss. Ride a rougher wave of buoyancy than the Gate of Florence, which is permanently closed towards him. His soul goes to Tendo and Hell away from the dirty flock of the world. The skeleton that harbors this unscrupulous soul fell into the hands of the demons of the world.

[# Indent two characters from here]
Yea, thou shalt learn how salt his food who bdres
Upon another's bread, ― how steep his path
Who treads up and down another's stairs.
[# End of indentation here]

Is a cry of sorrow that the spirit unintentionally raises in the face of intense persecution. But Dante endured any persecution. The essence of Dante is the two-way life with this "will to be connected with the unscrupulous feelings". In Verona, wandering deep in the forest, thinking of a prosperous Tendo, walking around the city, he is pointed out that "that is the person who returned from hell." In this predicament, the poet buried the gold and vanity under anger, who criticized the world deeply and rejected evil in a decisive manner. I thirst for this confidence and belief.
The person who can give such a belief to my life is art. Art saves me from the trivial world and brings me to a state of selflessness. A person returns to the main body for the first time when he leaves the troubles of the manifestation world, which moves from the branches and leaves to the branches and leaves, and from the end nodes to the end nodes. The person who returns to the main body sees his own spirit, sees God, and thinks of the struggle for improvement. This is the reason why the art expresses "life" for the high ideals of Shingi Aisyo. I want to see the "perfect person" through this Shingi Aisyo. I want to meet someone who is "omnipotent." When I stand on the precipice of the majestic Kegon Falls, when the majestic Great Lotus pierces the sky and wants to see the white clouds at the climax, my chest is just overwhelmed by my great hands. Awaken to the sky. The shadow of the "perfect personality" hidden in my heart and heart resonates with the body. However, those who have no artistic spirit and aesthetics hidden in their hearts do not get this revelation from the magnificent view of nature. Waterfalls are rare for them, and mountains remain strange. You must cultivate the spirit in order to invite you to that state. The key to pioneering is art. Art should thus satisfy my thirst.
Understand the sorrow that lies at the root of all things in the universe, get the food from art, and put yourself in the whirlpool of this world. If you work with conviction, your business is precious. Thus, in order to live a definite two-way life today in the twentieth century, spiritual instinct is a dignified walk with the beliefs perceived by God and their practices. Execution is a physical activity that naturally manifests itself through spiritual excitement. My thirsty genius-Lyle transcended with the stars, looking far from the attic on the third floor, looking at the snakes in the barrels. Moreover, he has the belief that the lower world will shine with the stars. "Fulfill what you believe to be an obligation close to you. The second obligation is not immediately apparent. The spiritual liberation is here. Thus, the ideal that everyone vaguely desires and suffers stunned and unreasonable. The border will soon be opened before you. Your America is only here, and there must be others. In fact, the land you are now standing on is the place that should be your ideal hometown. " This America was the time when Washington ate pork roasted pork and Lip Van Winkle fled to the mountains after being dominated by his wife. Power-Lyle explains like madness that it is easy to get this beautiful utopia if you stand under "awareness". I preach with a hard fight. Spiritual instinct got its starting point here.
I think of my personality, and I can't stand the grief of my actions. I have no choice but to struggle under any principle. In my heart, I hold the shadow of the "perfect person" who is the authority of the dear coffin, and I think that he has fulfilled the "duty" that Lyle calls under the shadow of the sacrifice. Thus, I would like to walk in the real world as a solemn.
I would like to go further and add a word. Bushido in Japan takes various forms of virtue, but the root of it is to get revelation from Shingi Aisyo and to transcend matter and attach to spiritual life. Courage, Jie, courtesy, sincerity, loyalty, Katsumi, all this is a phenomenon of attachment. However, in the last years of life, he forgot his true spirit and made a demeaning Bushido by sticking to the form. I love the hero Shingen and like Kenshin. Hakuba's Renmine nourishes Yuso in Kenshin's chest, and Yatsugatake, and Fuji's spirituality realizes deepness in Shingen's chest. The beautiful flowers of this Bushido shine beyond matter. However, I curse this when it comes to creating justice between narrowness and strength, which is based on drinking and dancing.
I think this example should be applied in a high school style. My four platforms are the essence of Bushido and a metamorphosis of society. However, is there really a person who is "not beautiful" hidden under this beautiful name? The history of Mukoryo will be prosperous. But look at the bad habits hidden in this shadow! I dare to take twelve examples. What is the storm in the first place? On the night when I became the first person to go to Mukoryo and heard the commandment of drinking from Dr. Imamura, I couldn't stand the disgust when I saw a group of people who were surprised to sleep with confusing alcohol and rumbling noise. Oh drinking and jumping! People say that it is a manifestation of energy that enriches this. I can't help but call it the most inferior expression of physical attachment. Furthermore, when I see a group of people playing with obscene languages and rampaging, I have no choice but to jeopardize the future of a high school style. The evil tide that fills the dark side of the school spirit is not a disregard for the gate-kan system and the upper sandals system, but a physical insult to the precious spirit. I have no choice but to be merciful to see that the person who speaks magnificently in his mouth can surrender to the meat femininely. I am suspicious of the flaws in the ideas of alumni as long as society is constantly guilty. Hopefully, this bad tide will not pollute the honorable Platforms.



Bottom book: "Idol Revival, Face and Persona Tetsuro Watsuji Impressions" Kodansha Bungei Bunko, Kodansha
First print issued on April 10, 2007 (Heisei 19)
First appearance: "Friendship Magazine"
November and December 1907 (Meiji 40)
Input: Hiroshi Kadota
Calibration: noriko saito
Created May 7, 2011
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
