Love and Ifumono
Kanoko Okamoto

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) [# Indent from here]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

Love is a poem, a romantic poem, and not an unrealistic poem. There are various kinds of romance, the first romance in childhood, the romance in middle-aged adolescents, and most of them are poetic and romantic, but they are not unconscious. At the bottom is a strict physical consciousness, which is really closely energized by the natural will to let it flow. By the way, in love, the consciousness of the parties is mostly romantic and poetic spiritual part, but in fact, it is deeply rooted in the fundamental meaning of human beings and has the most certain reality in some places of the most realistic life course. It is a psalm that is placed.
By the way, I have already said that the root of romance is strict and sexually enthusiastic. Then, whether the spiritual spirit and romantic poetic inspiration, which is a field of romance, should always be dominated only by the physical desire, no, that view is also not correct, after all, spiritual unity, To repeat it, it is the most romantic and most realistic psalm in the middle of a life course.
Also, from the first glance, romance is the right to choose sexuality that is blessed only by that party. It is one of the businesses within the right to choose sexuality at that time that romance pursues a certain partner. From the standpoint of praising the choice and praising the pursuit, romance is also a manifestation of human supremeness.
However, if you finish writing such a cloud, you will end up with a very simple interpretation of love, but the above is just a concrete example of speech that narrows down the basic outline into a single particle. From this root, many complex, heretical, diverse and diverse examples arise.
I believe that many living examples or historical examples are well known to readers without having to worry about the author anymore. Since the author also published a love theory in a magazine in the early summer of this year, which he intended to do his best, I don't have much room for him to see as a writing brush. For some of them, I would like to cover this article with the psychology of a love lover that I recently met, as well as an example of Ichii.

[# Indent from here]
It was about half a year since the love between a man and a woman was established. The man had to go to Korea because of the distress of men and women. However, there was a difference between men and women in their sadness.
The man is in love with himself while the woman is lonely after the man has left, and the man spends a long time in a remote place (the man had to go for three years). Compared to the pure mourning of imagining a case where a man is faint and shifts his mind, a man has a place to enjoy the pure loyalty of a woman, let alone a man and a woman. Although it was an unstoppable result due to the pressure of the surroundings, the Korean line was touched at one end of the manifestation of the man's business, so even in the sadness, there was a hope. Men's sorrows may be much different than women's.
However, anyway, the two of them broke up with a hard reunion, as long as they had a miserable farewell to their eyes.
Three years have passed.
The man safely went to Tokyo, Japan to meet the woman with a considerable amount of savings and the beginning of the business.
They can imagine how dramatic the joy of reunion was between the two, as soon as the man returned to the woman.
However, it was a serious misunderstanding. This is a fact that even the men and women involved could not have imagined in their dreams until almost that moment. The unsuccessful parties could have been waiting for the opportunity to meet for the first time in a while, feeling that the agitation of the two, who were somewhat superior to the readers, was gradually approaching their climax.
The first meeting night in three years-that time has come.
A room in a ryokan.
The woman was waiting to go ahead.
A man crawls in.
The woman looked at the man's face and shouted in a whisper and stood up toward the man.
The man also saw the woman's face and said the same thing at the same time as he was hot. And I just tried to get closer to the woman and stopped.
Enemy! The woman who saw the man's face immediately felt it. For three years, longing, longing for love, screaming with all the loneliness and grudges, and the pressure of suffocating joy, I'm sorry to bother myself. Enemy! Reject. This was the real thing the woman felt.
The man immediately realized the reflection of the feelings of the woman who was sick, and at the same time, at a glance at the old woman's sword, which was not similar to the woman who was left in her memory three years ago. , All the joys and expectations have been broken. As a result of being in love with myself for my own sake, the consciousness of pity that I was exhausted soon after that came to my head, but at the time of a glance. I couldn't do anything because of my bad feelings.
The other men and women who hadn't been close to each other for a minute had an eternal bankruptcy shortly after the reunion in the third year.
[# End of indentation here]

This example is a very mysterious thing, and it can be considered as a mediocre one.
I don't even know if love is something that should be respected or viewed normally. At the beginning, I wrote a poem that was so romantic and realistic that it was placed in various places in my life course.



Bottom book: "Japanese famous writing 29 love" work company
First print issued on March 25, 1985 (Showa 60)
Issued the 16th edition on October 20, 1991 (Heisei 3)
* The bottom book is a large scale of "ga" (ward number 5-86) used for counting things and place names.
Input: Tsuyoshi Watanabe
Proofreading: Tomoko Kanno
Published July 11, 2000
Revised June 24, 2005
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
