The basis of science education
Asajiro Oka

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) 《Niwaka》

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) [# 7 indentation]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

[# 7 indentation] 1 [# "1" is the middle heading]

Recently, the voice of encouraging science is very high. A splendid RIKEN was newly established, science and medical researchers were subsidized, and hundreds of thousands of yen were spent to complete the physical chemistry equipment in local junior high schools and normal schools. Money was spent. In addition, a new society called the Science Education Study Group was established, and even a special magazine entitled "Science Education" was published. For the fifty years since the Meiji Restoration, the reason why the little-respected science education suddenly became so popular today is, of course, the effects of the Great European War on chemicals, dyes, tinplates, etc. This is because the import of glass plates and other daily necessities has stopped, and people have come to feel a great deal of inconvenience in their daily lives. It is not the beginning today that the progress of science is extremely necessary for the future development of the nation, but until now, the entire nation has never been treated at the opportunity to feel this painfully. For this reason, politicians and businessmen, who are always distracted only by the problem at hand, regarded it as a hobby work of a gap person by studying science, and did not pay any attention to it. .. However, unexpectedly, the defect appeared so much that he suddenly made a noise and suddenly offered to encourage science research as if a bird stood from his feet.
The current state of physics and chemistry in Japan is, of course, a kind of metamorphosis phenomenon because it occurred as described above, and it does not mean that it has progressed step by step. For that reason, as if you were in a hurry to see a science class at an elementary school or junior high school today, you should teach as many facts as possible within the scope of science and let the students remember it. The training of the research mind, which is the basis of the essential science progress, has been neglected. If you forget the roots of the encouragement and focus only on the branches and leaves, the effect is extremely uncertain, and today's science fever, after a while, other fever that was popular in the conventional education world. It seems that it is not possible to cool it away in the same way as. If you really want to make progress in science, you must first try to build the foundation for it.

[# 7 indentation] Two [# "two" is the middle heading]

The progress of Japanese civilization in the last 50 years is truly amazing, and in fact, there is no other example of such great progress made in such a short time. It is truly admirable that there are trains, steamships, telegraphs, telephones, planes, submersibles, and other things that are only found in other civilized countries. What I have gained is the result of my constant efforts to advance to civilization. At the same time, the only thing that has progressed to this day is the transfer of civilizations from other countries, and there is almost no part that has been devised on its own. It is natural that we could make rapid progress because we just imitated what others had suffered and invented. To put it in a nutshell, the civilizations of Western countries have come to the fore, just as the rooted trees have naturally bloomed, and the sudden progress of our civilization has bloomed to other trees. It seems that the flowers were taken and tied to this dead branch. Both look the same on the outside, and if you take a picture, there may be no difference, but the future is very different. New buds and new flowers bloom on the branches with roots, but new buds and new flowers never bloom on the branches without roots. If you want to have flowers as much as other trees, you have to constantly bring in new flowers and connect them. In an era when our civilization was childish and was regarded as a weak country by other countries, it was relatively common to transfer Western civilization to our country because we were taught without hiding anything. It was easy, but I will not be able to do that in the future. Therefore, there is no other way but to advance the civilization on its own. However, in Germany, before the war, it seemed that Japanese people could not easily see the back of the factory, but after the war, each country began to pay close attention to foreigners, and it has been open until now. There will be a tendency to keep the place where it is placed strictly secret. As a result, it becomes increasingly difficult to learn new inventions from foreign countries and return home. As for the previous cloud, I have to be prepared that it will not be easy to grab the flowers that have bloomed on the branches of other places and attach them to my own branches with glue.
In encouraging science in Japan today, we must fully consider this point and strive to build it from the ground up so that science will progress on our own in the future. No matter how much money is spent on the equipment, it is not possible to lay the foundation for science simply by having the teacher teach the science matters and let the students remember them. What is the basis of such remarkable progress in science knowledge and its application in Western countries to date is that he has a strong research mind. Inventions and discoveries can be made in various fields only if there is a strong research spirit that does not put anything without studying the cave. Where there is no research mind, there is no way that original new ideas can be made. Japan's educational urgent need is to foster a research mind. If you can fully develop your research mind, you should make progress even if you leave it to nature, and it is the same cave where flowers naturally bloom in trees with well-developed roots. It is not unnecessary to teach each fact when giving science, and we must be careful enough, but the training of the research mind that is the basis of self-reliant progress is Remember that we need many more times.
To see the actual situation of science professors who are attending elementary schools today, we gathered a large number of more than fifty students in the classroom, seated them in several rows of desks in a well-mannered manner, and experimented with each teacher's command. I'm screaming and observing. Compared to a long time ago, when I was a professor of science just by reading a book or giving a lecture without the real thing, of course I am no different from being superior, but I touched the real thing and myself It is a big mistake to think that the professor of science has achieved his purpose. It is enough to memorize the facts, but it is impossible to train the research mind by such a method. In particular, when selecting only the things that are directly useful as teaching materials, saying that the emphasis is on practical use, the main thing is to make them remember even more, and there is no one who trains the research mind. I have been forgotten.

[# 7 indentation] Three [# "three" is the middle heading]

In the first place, how can the research mind be trained? Let each student freely see, think, doubt, and thus by himself. It can only be done by trying to resolve the suspicion. Even if you look at the same thing, the points that each student wonders about are not the same. While A is paying attention to one point and thinking about it, you may be paying attention to another point and asking something about it. By the way, the first condition for a science professor to develop a research mind is to have each student work independently. The teacher acts as a counselor for each student, and the teacher immediately responds in words to the student's verbal questions with the same attitude that the teacher has the same suspicions about the student's suspicions. So, avoiding the habit of thinking that the problem has been solved and finished, seek the answer from the real thing by observing, experimenting, and reasoning with the students. If you don't do it, you won't be able to do it. A true science professor should be a student who works independently and freely, and a teacher should be a personal counselor for the student. Treating each student separately would not be possible if fifty or sixty people were gathered in one room as they are today and one teacher teaches them. According to our thoughts, even if other departments endure for a while, only in science time, the number of students in a group will be about 10 or 15, and one teacher will be attached. Without it, it will not be effective enough. In a department where teachers only learn students, even if the number of students is large, it is possible to take lessons, but in departments such as science where each student needs to work their brains independently. Whether the number of students in a group is large or small is the first issue, and like the other issues, it is after the decision is made. Many people who are studying science teaching methods in elementary schools today set the number of students in a set as the current one and set it from the beginning, and gathered that many people in one room. We have been working on various ideas on the question of what method is best for teaching, but from our point of view, the number of students in a group can be reduced to ten or fifteen. If it is decided that this is a first-come-first-served issue, no matter how much you devise other points, the effect will be 50 steps and 100 steps, which is extremely inadequate. If the number of students is large, the lessons will have to be grouped, and the group will be treated like the training of the soldiers, and all of them will start observing according to the teacher's command. Or, we have to stop observing all together according to the command. No matter how much the real thing is given to the students' inscriptions, if they are bundled in this way, none of the points can be considered until they are confident. On the contrary, if the number of students is small, even students who are sitting side by side at the same desk do not necessarily have to do the same thing. There is no difference even if you go to the selfish side. That is, I do not hesitate to suspect that the work of the brain is completely spontaneous and suspicious, and in order to resolve the suspicion, I also voluntarily work the brain and devise the method. When I can solve the problem by my own efforts, I feel a lot of fun. In short, a science professor is fine as it is today if the teacher is satisfied with the teaching and the students remember it, but if he wants to make progress in science on his own in the future, he thinks. It will be necessary to reduce the number of students in a group and re-engage with a mechanism that allows students to voluntarily work their brains.

[# 7 indentation] 4 [# "4" is the middle heading]

In order to make progress and improve anything, it is important to first remove the obstacles to progress. If you want to make progress in science, you must first remove the obstacles to the progress in science. There is nothing to prevent you from giving science matters to students and simply remembering them, but if you try to develop your research mind in order to advance science in the future. , There are many obstacles to that. Since the source of research is suspicion, in order to cultivate a research mind, it is first necessary to develop a habit of suspicion, but the attitude of the spirit of suspicion of things and anything else. It is incompatible with the spiritual attitude of believing in what was heard. A research mind is a mind that you must pursue to the extent that you do not think it is true and confirm the truth. I never obey him. The exact opposite of Yuki is a state of mind in which one is overwhelmed by a certain belief, but is willing to believe in him, and is not aware that he is being strengthened. If the world were only such people, research could not be done at all, and inventions and discoveries could never be made. Research requires freedom of thought, and if one is free to think, even if one is more faithful than others, one cannot submit to him. Then, with the same brain, it is impossible to combine both at the same time, and if one advances, the other must retreat. If you truly think about the future of the nation and wish to advance science, it is the most urgent task to cultivate a research mind, and in order to promote a research mind, you must allow yourself to think freely. On the one hand, if you try to boost your research mind, and on the other hand, if you strictly forbid thinking freely, it is like burning coal in a locomotive and putting a strong stop on it. It is dangerous to occur or to swear. However, if the research mind does not develop, there is no such concern.
In the daily routine of elementary school and junior high school, or by the attitude of the teacher, by the nature of the department, or by some special circumstances, what the teacher says. Isn't there anything that tries to make the students believe in it? Isn't there a case where he does not raise any doubts that should occur, and attaches them from his head to the pusher and orders him to believe in this way? If there is, in order to encourage science, it is necessary to take it out of the way. It is impossible to use the same brain in two ways, such as believing in what the teacher said in the previous time and thinking freely in the next time. , It shouldn't be possible at all. Then, if you really think about the future of the country and want to be able to advance civilization as many times as you want on your own, it is necessary to remove the obstacles by your own judgment. wash.

[# 7 indentation] 5 [# "5" is the middle heading]

Just as good seeds, good rice fields, and good care must be aligned to produce good rice, good race, good society, and good education must be aligned in order to generate a vigorous research spirit. No. As mentioned above, I have only discussed a part of education, and nothing has been said about society and race. No matter how much the education method is changed and efforts are made to foster a research mind, if the social conditions are not suitable, it will never be possible to achieve perfect results. Then, in order to make progress in science, it is necessary to renew the state of society so that science can develop, but this should not be done overnight. Before the war, the British people were too enthusiastic about the development of science, and there were constant resentment-like editorials in science magazines in the country, but since the beginning of the war, It seems that the situation has changed a lot. Perhaps it will be more convenient for the progress of science than before. There are many places like Japan that are far from the United Kingdom, so it takes several times more effort. Even those who are enthusiastic about research cannot live without food, so it is necessary to establish many positions where they can conduct research with peace of mind. At the science research institute built in Germany before the war and at some universities in the United States, the officers have a mechanism that allows them to engage in research exclusively, but in a state of envy, research must be done in this way. Is not easy. Even if I have aspirations for research, if I have to serve as a faculty member to eat and spend a lot of time every day, I can't do a good job.
Even if we improve education, change the state of society, make it easier for people to research everything, and make it easier for them to carry out research, even so, the people's research spirit does not flourish, and until what time. If you can't make a good invention or discover it, you're a bad race, and just like a bad rice seed, you have no hope of producing good fruit no matter how hard you try. I have to give up.
[# Raise one character from the ground] (September 1918)



Bottom book: "Modern Japanese Thought System 9 Asajiro Oka" Chikuma Shobo
September 20, 1974 (Showa 49) First edition first edition issued
First appearance: "Toa no Hikari Vol. 13 No. 11"
November 1918 (Taisho 7)
Input: Shigefuji Yano
Calibration: hitsuji
Created November 27, 2020
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (https://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
