Guest in the next room
Takashi Nagatsuka
-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]
"":ruby
(Example) Aji
[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Numbers are JIS X 0213 area area number or Unicode, base page and number of lines)
(Example) * [# "Eye + 爭", 3rd level 1-88-85]
/ \: Double dance character (repeated symbol in the shape of a vertically lengthened "ku")
(Example) Even if it is cut down / \
* Double the dance character with dakuten is "/" \ "
-------------------------------------------------- -----
[# 5 indentation] 1 [# "1" is the middle heading]
I am treated by the people around me as a well-behaved person. It seems that some of the people who know me will not easily believe me even if I reveal a nasty secret here. Guilt accompanies the secret. When I wonder why I haven't kept it secret forever, people sometimes find it exciting to reveal the secrets of others and at the same time want to expose their secrets. .. There is also a faint interest in it.
I grew up in a small village located in the north of the Tone River in a part of the plain far from the mountains. The village is sunk in the calm air and surrounded by turrets. Since my village was a land, a natural forest was created. Even if a strong turret tree is cut down, the trunk stands up from the old stock and forms a forest fauna, and all the peasants are terribly poor. However, as soon as the turret grows in the land, strong children grow in the village. At other times, the roaring voice echoes in the clear sky of the sunset and can be heard in the distance. I like my village. Now, I think of Hibayashi as a nostalgic thing. Since the purpose of the forest is to cut it into firewood, there is nothing to throw away until it becomes an acorn. Therefore, even if the trees are blown away in winter, the treetops are still covered with dead leaves. Even if all the vegetation is squeezed as the spring day draws a warm little ball on the ground through the intricate bamboo leaves, the dead leaves of the turret never fall and cling to it. If the pine grosbeak screams there with a thin voice, it will have some bluish tint on the ground. However, there is still a forest. In April, when spring had passed and I screamed and screamed, I reached out from the cramped skin and even if the palm flowers invited me, I died in a hurry. When I gave up, the palm flowers were full, and in the spring, when I kept the rape blossoms that were left in the spilled sea urchin, I shook the dead leaves and revived them. In just 45 days, it will become a new forest. When you look at it, there is no negotiation with Hibayashi during the spring season. I wonder if I was assimilated into this plant, but there is a place where my body is very similar to the ecology of the forest. When I realized it, I missed Hibayashi. Always pay attention to the forest. It is even fascinating to see the vermicelli-soaked leaves of the treetops, which are reflected in the blue of the wheat that has squeezed out its head. However, there is probably no other person who likes such inferior trees.
I had no negotiations with Harubayashi. However, during the long spring, the turret does not neglect the physiological action of absorbing water from between the skin and the trunk like other trees. I was also in a tremendous amount of time during the spring period. Still, as the turret absorbs water by stealing, I also have something hidden and fearless. The voice that I cried for the first time inhaling the air of this world was the voice that was heard in my house in the 48th year. At that time, my mother's milk was scarce, so I would normally be entrusted to another house as "Satoko", but for me, the nanny was especially held. For some reason, the nanny who came to my house stopped milking and became sick, so eleven nannies before and after were replaced. At that time, my house had enough room to do that. The eleventh nanny raised me frail. The nanny was said to be a delicate woman who was said to be rare in the countryside. When I was young, I was a very beautiful child, so I'm afraid that some people will be able to see what it's like to be liked by women later. I heard this one by one later, but it was not unpleasant to hear it. I had another chance. I suddenly became fond of seeing a woman. The woman was five or six years older than me, and I was twelve. At that time, I was attending school from my relative's house in a nearby town. On a hot day, the woman held her umbrella and went back and forth in front of the school at the same time. The woman seemed to attend some lessons. I stood at the school gate when I had free time. I've always liked to see her. No one should know that I would stand with the feeling of being a boy at that time. That habit I was suspicious at that time when I heard that others were criticizing women and said that they were bad or bad, but I didn't know what was wrong or bad. It was. So I forgot about her for a long time. After suddenly thinking about it, I often call it back from my memory. She wears a slender arrow fletching motif and holds a green 蝙蝠 umbrella. The face, which was made up by the sunlight through the 蝙蝠 umbrella, smelled pale blue. The figure of the woman was not so clear when I first thought of it. While it was repeating / \ memory, the figure of the woman became extremely enthusiastic. Since I was such a horny rabbit, if my sexuality developed without any restraint, I wouldn't be wandering around in the sword. I had to go out of school because of my illness. At that time, I wasn't even a prince yet. I had to immerse myself in the restored turret and breathe in the air of this quiet village. I moved to a completely lonely life. The peasant who appears in the field when the sun goes up was not my partner. There is nothing outside the tree that will always face me, who is tired both physically and mentally. After that, I also fell in love with the 櫟 tree, which I thought was a bad thing. I spent several years in vain until my health was restored. During that time, I've been thinking about being a woman, but I can't even tell myself how to do it. Some people recommended me a wife's belt, but my heart was too depressed to carry the story. It's no wonder that I was treated as a well-behaved person by the people around me. I must have been in this state because of illness, physical deficiencies, and never been given the opportunity to provoke me. The reason why there is no one in my village to deal with is that there are many points that are difficult to pass between me and the peasant due to the natural significant separation from the living conditions. Even a peasant child is attracted to the eyes when he is working in a field full of the smell of wheat, or when he glances at the place where he goes to deciduous leaves between the rakes with a rake. It's not without, but it's just a glance, so it's not enough to move my heart for a while. The spring of my life was like this, but the time came and it changed suddenly as soon as I shook off the dead leaves. By the way, he dared to act as inferior as a person. It was because a woman came to my house.
[# 5 indentation] Two [# "two" is the middle heading]
There was an old man named Mizoguchi as a teacher at a school in my village. He had his miserable debris smashed into his head and smashed into my remote village. He used to be a samurai himself, but he also had a sword. He sometimes showed the back of his hand full of wrinkles, saying that it was a sign of a shooting sword. Somehow my eyes were shining, but the pressure on my life seemed to give me a lonely heart, and when I drank alcohol, I went down my head. Until late, I heard that the couple seemed to have a child and that they were a family of seven. With the salary of an old teacher, it is not easy for the seven people to glue, so it is far from a good sake. However, he seemed to be annoyed by his child, and he said that he would take good care of the students, so he was friendly with his parents. I visited him all the time and found him with sake. On the way back, I will get the eggplants and potatoes of the season and bring them with me. Sometimes I tied my little furoshiki around my neck and carried a big pumpkin on both sides. When I see the place where I go as Yoro / \, a child in the village who is indulging in the game makes a noise and screams after the teacher and goes to the border of the village. When the furoshiki is unraveled and the eggplant or potatoes roll over, the teacher hurriedly picks them up and puts them in the skirt. Students compete for the destination and pick it up. The teacher is in a hurry. Students return it to the teacher as soon as they do each credit. It seems suspicious that such teachers still existed in the world at that time, but it is a fact that they have to show miserable eyes to the clan because of the fact that they are in trouble. Fortunately, the tofu was connected to the rest of his life. As soon as the leaves scattered in the garden are swept away, I have to move to many schools and walk by the end of my destiny. However, there is no sense among parents that the teacher is useless. The reason for this is that there is no other teacher's tsundere because the reception is broken and the care of the students is fragile due to child trouble. In the eyes of a peasant, the position of a teacher wearing a hakama is excellent. Therefore, they are satisfied that they can get familiar words from human beings. I thought this teacher should be pitied. Since my house was a family of only my parents, me and only three people, I had few chances to visit my house of this teacher. Still, it came from time to time. When I saw Yoko, who was on the sidelines, my mother couldn't help but drink alcohol. By the time he returned, another packet of vegetables was in his hand. At one point he also came to my house with a very scared Yoko. When the liquor regained its energy, he said he had a plea to my mother. It was awesome. His eldest daughter, an acquaintance of his wife's hometown, went to the nearby village with a matchmaker. It's been about a year, but I'm afraid that the owner isn't happy, so I rushed away. That is the latest time. I never hear that it is unwilling to return to the owner's side even if he is indentured servitude or sold to a drunken woman. It is irreparable if you make a mistake by forcibly returning something that is not good. I can't stand to let a drunkard fall. If I put it in my house, I would be in trouble on that day / \. Please leave it at your house for a while and use it for your younger daughter. It was said that needlework was not a problem for a full-fledged person. I feel sorry for my mother, and since my father is usually out of the family of three, there are only two people at home, my mother and me, and the night when the mercenary is lonely. Since he lived a life full of inconveniences, he was fortunate enough to be able to do needlework. At that time, I never had a bad feeling that a woman could grow up in my house. So the next evening I was eager to see what kind of woman it was, so I went to the teacher's residence, which I had never been to, and saw it. It was a terrible house, but he returned without feeling uncomfortable. The school was so far away from my house that the teacher's residence was far away. A few days later, my mother and Ifu brought her. A younger brother of a woman and a small child came with me. My mother and Ifu seemed to be very different in age from the teacher. Unlike the teacher's carelessness, he had a habit of getting along with each other. The woman became a man of my house from that night. The first page of my history is dyed from here. The woman was the one without the single fence that had already been built between the man and the man. The woman was with him. Twenty-one was a little big, so I was wondering if two or three were hidden. The first merit of Oiyo-san was the stickiness and white color. At night, I hung my hair by the side of the hanging lamp. I had a fever before, and after that my hair didn't recover. Even the hair I had tied up at night had a little short hair around my ears in the morning. There was no place for him to be exceptional, but it was his cool eyes that attracted people's hearts. However, when I looked sideways, I thought that I was a stubborn woman. It was a sneaky place that grew up in a poor family, but it was because I was sympathetic to my mother and I because I looked very calmly, so let's find such a defect. I didn't have any of them at that time. It was in my mother's heart that writing a letter only to the teacher's child was a master as a woman. He was helping with needlework and cooking every day. Sometimes I could lie down when it wasn't right for the big one. The teacher was able to take a distant place after he came. I was very reluctant to drink my favorite liquor, and sometimes I went home without drinking it. When did you ask your mother to complain that you were weak from Hirao? There was a tsundere in the teacher's low back ratio. He was a self-raised woman. However, this is what my mother and I thought after I parted from my father. My mother, who was worried because of my illness, had deep sympathy for her. While doing needlework thanks to shoji
"Hey, I'm in trouble because I'm weak. And I don't think about it. I'm sorry that my dad doesn't have much trouble. You can't stand it either."
When was my mother?
"Because I'm afraid of myself"
After a while, I heard the voice of Mr. Oiyo.
"Still, do you want to bring it back over there?"
"How is it?"
"It was the phase where people came from over there during this time."
"My father said that."
"I haven't sent my registration yet."
"I'm still here, so if I don't come back, it's up to that point."
"What's the point of hearing that, but there's a reason for that?"
"I really don't like it."
I have heard that the sliding doors are separated. I listened. He is a woman who has a husband, although she hasn't sent her family register. A woman with a husband does not give a good feeling. But having a dad close to me doesn't make me feel any discomfort. When he settled down in my house, I saw his cool eyes and wondered if he had seen it somewhere. The pursuit constantly made me look at him. What did he think of this, every time I saw him, he also looked back at me.
[# 5 indentation] Three [# "three" is the middle heading]
It was a long time ago. There was a funeral at a distant relative. It wasn't always hot in summer, but lily flowers were served in the bamboo tube. Since the golden-rayed lily had not yet swelled in the bush grass, I was wondering what the white flower was like. Unlike my village, the land was rarely established by Tadada, and the sun was shining everywhere. In the corners of the gardens, I saw the white lilies growing tightly with flowers. There were very few vacant lots anywhere in my village, not just in the land where the rice fields were lined up. When the casket was wholesaled to the garden, the villagers and guests who gathered for the sights were crowded in the garden. I was avoiding congestion on the side of the fence. There were 34 spectators on my side. When I was sick, one of them was surprised. The suckling baby on the back of the fifteen-six girl who was closest to me shook her shoulders and spit white milk. By the way, it came to my crested haori. The girl has a red face. I was about to wipe my haori with a towel after removing one hand that was turned backwards. I took out my hand and wiped it gently. The girl was free to say hello. As soon as the sun dried, the haori was dried and the traces of milk were lightly marked on the skirt. I suddenly noticed a brown powder on my shoulder. Even when I played it with my fingertips, there was still a slight amount of powder left. At that time, I saw the girl who was already far away from my side. A baby has a white lily flower. The lily pollen touched my shoulder. The girl was nothing more than that in my memory. That's why I didn't even think about it after that, but after a while I was thinking that it was a woman who had seen Oiyo somewhere, and this was aroused from my memory. It was. When you think about it, Oiyo is the girl at that time. At one point I asked if I had ever been there without it. Now I regret that the child is a grandmother. Even so, I was surprised that the girl at that time and her current father, Yoko, had changed from anything to anything. My summer haori was lonely. Those who live in my remote land rarely use Harui's summer haori, so it has been preserved for many years in a tailored fashion. The traces of milk were faintly visible. I showed him an eye and saw * [# "eye for an eye", 3rd level 1-88-85]. A trivial fact hastened the closeness between him and me. Since then, the things have been somewhat reluctant to each other. When he just arrived, he was still wearing a single garment. When I went to a customer with a furoshiki wrap and went to a nearby aunt, he came out and came away. I didn't have it outside. When he wore a yukata and became a sash, he caught the eye. Since the pattern of azure is not suitable, it becomes a different person. It was cool in autumn, so he was able to wear only the azure blue. I was dissatisfied with it. But I've always had a strange habit. If you look at a woman from beginning to end, you will see it again while thinking that there is no place that looks bad. No matter how bad things were, I was so happy that the degree to which they looked bad to my eyes diminished. I'm afraid I've worked hard to get used to it. The appearance of Oiyo-san's azure is gradually becoming / \ not hard to see. He had a broken bone in preparation for my winter clothes. One day I was pouring water on the autumn grass planting. There is no one outside of me who wants to grow autumn grass in the remote land of my village. I was proud of it.
"Please come out and let me know."
Heyyo came to call. When I go to the tatami room
"Look through this"
Attacking two sewn cotton bowls, Mr. Oiyo went behind me.
"What are you going to do?"
I don't know what to do, but I felt that it was extremely bad to stand silently, so I was afraid. I was always new.
"Oh, I don't care."
He should have pulled the clothes to me, and later he would kneel down and hem them together to see them, or stand forward and pull the sleeves sideways to see them. Put it in your mouth and chew it with your teeth
"I'm sorry wherever I go."
He was stunned when he saw me while taking off his clothes. He was reluctant and came to me. He has become a useful person in my home. In particular, I felt that I would do something useful as a woman in everything I do in my daily life / "\.
Autumn was also cold. The teacher often came, but he didn't prepare a skirt for him. My mother didn't expect to deliver it anyway, so she bought a skirt of Karaji. I was delighted to steal when he said to his mother in law while he was walking down the hill under the lamp at night. The next day, when he was trying to judge the measure of the cloth by measuring it and returning to it, a student from the neighborhood brought a letter from the teacher. He spread the cloth and immediately opened the seal. I had been thinking about it for a while, but soon I got rid of it and told my mother my free time and went out. He didn't go home that day. I won't go home the next day. Heyyo's needlework is still placed on the side of the pillars and the swordsmanship that he has bundled. I felt somehow indescribable loneliness in my heart. Only at this time I didn't break up with my dad. Nonetheless, I have never thought about him as bravely as this time before and after. I couldn't make a noise. On the evening of the third day, he came back to the place where I was watering Akikusa with my feet and holding a furoshiki wrap.
"I haven't been able to reach the extreme yet, so I was struck by the fact that people came. I'm always the same, so it's no good."
Katsute
"Still, I left only two pieces of clothing. I don't even know who came here. I often heard where I was going. It's a phase. "
Heyyo laughed lonely. I don't have it as Haki / \. He tried to do something again, but he left me because the mercenary came back from the field. I was terribly anxious when I saw him. Even so, I was a little relaxed to see him shaving his spatula under the lamp that night and wearing a spatula. I never came from my father's house. He was still a useful person to me. Every time I went out I asked myself if there was anything I wanted. Red cotton flannel, muslin half-collar, I bought it for my dad. Oiyo-san's slogan / \ attitude shook my innocent eyes.
One night I stood in the toilet. When I tried to open the toilet door, I noticed that the shoji in my room was full of light. The six tatami mats near the toilet were assigned to Oiyo's room. I didn't know what time it was at night, but the autumn rain didn't stop and it was pouring down. The paulownia tree that is occulting the eaves has already fallen leaves, so I hit the fallen leaves with rain. Hit the eaves with / \. Suddenly, I heard a distant sound of footsteps walking in the straw shoes / \. * [# "Insect + car", 3rd level 1-91-55] is crying as soon as it disappears. I felt that the night was shining in the confusing sound. Even when I left the toilet, my room was full of shoji screens [# "Natsuta" was "Natsuta" in the bottom line]. I stood up for a while, but the inside of the shoji was quiet. I wonder why he is there, or maybe he fell asleep and fell asleep, and if he fell asleep, the lamp that was attracted to the bedside was dangerous. So I approached the shoji and moved the shoji lightly with a rattling / \ from the outside. If I was awake, I should be surprised and make a voice, but there is no reply. I opened the shoji and looked at it, blaming my heart. Heyyo is sleeping soundly. The magazine was showing off from the right hand that extended out of the futon, facing me. His shoulders had escaped from the futon in an innocent figure wearing a large striped yukata. The bicameral lamp at the bedside is full of heart and a faint oily smoke stands on the sea squirt. The room was faintly smelly. He opened the shoji at midnight and didn't know that I had come. Now, while lightly waving the body, it breathes and does not make slight movements. The light of the lamp is watching over his innocent white face. I stood up and looked down at the stiff sea urchin. I wondered what happened to the muscles in my mouth. I shook my head and pulled the lamp in my heart. The hem touched Oiyo's hand. He opened his eyes. At the moment when I was surprised, I took a breath and raised my hand to cancel it with a single voice. He pulled his hand and knocked down the squirt of the lamp. He hurriedly started to wake up. At that time, I had already blown out the fire, so I couldn't see him in front of me. At the same time, a warm breeze felt softly on my skin.
[# 5 indentation] 4 [# "4" is the middle heading]
When I woke up the next morning, the autumn day was shining light on the shoji's waist. I was staring at the grain of the ceiling for a while. For some reason, I was often terribly sick and spending time as a lonely person. This was because I was ill. My house is quiet because of the small number of people, but this morning I felt it was particularly quiet. Outside the shoji, it seems that a mercenary has begun to handle upland rice in the garden, and you can hear a humming sound. Also, when I closed my eyes, the sliding doors opened softly. Suddenly, Oiyo came out of my room to dust and broom. When he came to pick up the broom, I was still sleeping soundly. When I tightened the sliding doors, he looked at me from under the white towel on the crown and was stunned. When he was stunned, his mouth was small and he had a slight wrinkle on his nose. Since my relatives are sluggish, I was reluctant to see him at that time-although not as bad as I was. It was about 10 o'clock when I woke up again while listening to the sound of the rice treatment that I heard from the garden. As a habit every morning, I stood in the bathroom. When you open the shoji screen of the window, you can see the treetops of Sugimori towering to the west, about two shakus apart, trying to squeeze into the eaves. The sky can be seen from between. The nightfall was so strong that the autumn sky looked clear as it had been sharpened. The sky seen through the cedar trees is also shining blue. The autumn sky is looking through the window from both the side and the vertical. A bird flew to the paulownia tree standing on the eaves. While holding on to the trunk with a strong toe, I sometimes squeak when I hit with a beak. Now, while going around the trunk, it goes up to the top. I was staring at it. I used to have a habit of mourning when I was sick and mourning when I was sick. The movement to move from seeing it as a depression was irresistible. That morning, I was able to find a bird with a sword. The dashing tree bird has a red belly and a black spine, and is tied to me / \. Its appearance is that it wears a red half-momohiki, raises its hips, and pulls a large flying white haori. When I looked at it, I thought that the beak would hurt when I pulled my head backwards, and the action of tapping hard with me / \ was terribly humorous and I was intrigued. When I became interested in something as a depression, I often indulged in wonders from beginning to end. My leg was numb, so I finally left the toilet. When I opened the shoji screens in my room, the sky was empty and everything was shining in the sunlight. There are four mercenaries facing each other [# "Natsute" is "Natsu" in the bottom line], and they are dealing with upland rice. The bundle of upland rice piled up on each left hand is loosened and treated as yellowtail / \. A woman is treating the straw alone in a small bundle. A small dragonfly is fluttering around with its thin wings shimmering in the sun. When I went to the garden, I saw dragonfly wings shining on the treetops of the cedar. I went to the well end using a toothpick to bathe. There is a leaf chicken head covering the edge of the well. The red leaves are dazzling and burning. A man wearing a white towel is doing the laundry behind the leaf chicken head. My garment was attached to the inside of the basin. It was warm from the morning, so he wore the usual yukata. When I stand at the edge of the well
"Let's get it"
Heyyo hurriedly drew a glass of water. I left it to him. The water in the fishing bottle was vaguely standing on my clogs.
"Well, I'll wash it and dry it later."
Mr. Saitoiyo glanced at me from under the towel. It's nothing to do with the length of the water. However, at that time, I was afraid of what I was doing with him. Heyyo also had a slightly different language. I suddenly saw a mercenary. The two are showing behind here. Two people are facing us. At that time, one person who picked up Rikuho looked at me with a smile. I felt it was ridiculed. However, although the swarming leaf chicken heads can be seen from my side, they cannot be seen as occult from the center of the garden, which is far away from each other. They were just laughing at each other. Still, I was reluctant at that time. After taking a bath, I felt a little refreshed. I put a cane on Akikusa, who had fallen down in the rain on his legs. I heard that a merchant who always came out of the Kaname fence by the gate was taking down the balance and talking with a peasant in the neighborhood. Looking at it, the peasant says to pull out a bunch of ginger from the merchant's load. There are always merchants who are not cheap because they are poor crops. The peasant bought ginger when he shouted that the muscles were stiff and unpleasant because the season was late.
"You can just throw the ginger position."
Peasant family
"Can the merchant stand up with that?"
A merchant came while holding a balance with a cane.
"You still have something to do when you have the present."
"I don't like that again, it's boring."
"That's why when you come through, I know what you're doing, and you're also banished / \."
The peasant laughed for a while
"Since then, you've been old."
"Yearly"
The two were laughing at this kind of thing in half the chat. Even in a sneaky dialogue, I would have been somewhat interested in Hirao, but I couldn't listen to it forever that day. That day was a day that often made me feel uncomfortable. He dried the laundry along the leaf chicken head. I liked to hang white clothes on the side of the Amaranthus tricolor. He washed my clogs, dried them under the eaves, and then went to needlework as usual. Heyyo's attitude didn't seem to me to be strange. I also came in a couple of days because of my physical condition or feelings / \. Now then the two of us have come to sneak up on the eyes. Several months have passed. In the meantime, Oiyo didn't give up so much that I thought he could stay calm. Looking back on it later, I think I was not inferior to Oiyo-san in terms of concealment. This is because the thought of hiding it from the world was strong in my heart. During that time, I didn't have a passionate passion for Mr. Oiyo. It was sad to me to keep Yuiyo away. Each shortcoming comes to light over a long period of time. Since I became a reluctant relationship, I have had some selfishness to him. There were some places that were so sneaky that I thought it was because I grew up in a poor family. I knew everything in my heart and continued the relationship without hesitation. It must be said that it was a kind of inertia.
[# 5 indentation] 5 [# "5" is the middle heading]
The inevitable fate came to the body of Oiyo's father teacher. I was blamed for that job. The merciful teacher has decided to settle down in his wife's hometown. I asked my mother to give me / ″ \, too. He was the one who would handle anything at my house. I stayed at my house without any change. The season was getting colder. The leaf chicken head and other autumn grasses were frosted and stubborn. Deciduous leaves flew from the treetops of Takagi and scattered in every garden. . Small straw mats and paddy straw mats also have small frost leaves rolling lightly by the time the sun sets. The fallen leaves are usually swept away and the autumn grass is cut off, and the winter-like garden is under the blue sky. I came as a sword. The world has changed. He was pulling an old cotton-filled straw mat that he brought from his house. It was awkward and merciful to wear the old-fashioned haori on top. My mother also found the material for the haori. The straw mats were hung from the vineyard. This is a sign that the fallen leaves should not be picked up obscenely. Tsuta. There was an unknowing distress between him and me. It is said that his physical work had changed strangely. I waited for a month with half-belief, and he seemed to be pregnant. Iyo-san also spoke to me with a worried look. I also thought that it was my own collapse and considered the disposition for theft. He sometimes lay down from the morning. I thought I was worried, so I went to the bedside and saw him, and he appealed to me for the chunk of meat. I sometimes blamed him, but I thought that I wouldn't be suspicious because people think that being lying down is a sloppy example. Instead, I heard about how to dispose of the deciduous body of a woman who was pregnant all over the place. One month has passed again. But my body hasn't returned to normal. The new year in the country is approaching. He wants to go to his mother's hometown when the new year comes. One day, he asked me to give me some money in the absence of people. It was a little too much for pocket money, but he said he wanted to go to a piece of clothes. When I heard it, I thought it was too few. I wasn't happy when I was blamed. But when I stood in the shadow and looked at my mother's eyes, it was strange. I was so impressed that I immediately accepted this request. He went to a town where he had to cross the river whenever he was close [# "I went" is "I went" in the bottom line]. I struggled with my dad going. I gave him an excuse. I also had a sly thought. Heyyo's younger sister is a nurse, and it goes far away. I received a seal from my sister a few days ago. So I told my mother when to go to get the exchange that was sealed in it. The handle of Oiyo-san's cloth was Kasuri, but it was a cheap item with a transparent tip. He asked a woman in the neighborhood who could do needlework for tailoring. This provided a source of suspicion between the two. He didn't have a single piece of winter clothes. I was afraid to go to my hometown in a dirty kimono. He went out by rickshaw in the early hours of the new year before dawn before the frost had melted. Even after my father went, I was terribly anxious. Before he left, I managed to get rid of my belly, because I knew it too. When I asked what to do, I found that a woman I knew had stolen. I heard that it was time to go to the woman's house and look at it with some thought. I thought it was a bad thing, but I couldn't help but think that it would be buried unknowingly [# "Ivy Ivy" didn't go in the bottom line. "]. The thought that I really didn't want to let the world know came first, and I couldn't get the words to suppress it out of my throat. My heart was a little restless after he went, but I couldn't feel lonely when he went to his house the other day.
A few days after he went, my mother quietly came to me when I was looking at the newspaper by the brazier in the living room. There were no people around. My mother was sick. It's hard to tell if you don't listen to it, but according to what you hear about the theft of a woman who did needlework, there is suspicion between the two. I don't know what to do outside, but when the old man suddenly conceives the woman these days, I often hear what to do. It's weird because it's not once or twice. If I had a gestation, I couldn't say that it was because my face was too glossy, but if I took care of it, I thought it might be better not to put it back again. When my mother asked her if it was something that was noticeable between the two, she said nothing else. Then I would never tell people, I was surprised that there would be a sickness, so I told her that she would stop listening to it. At that time, I was silently watching the frost columns of the house collapse. The silent confession softened my mother's heart. My mother said that I had some thoughts. My hidden genius brought a plight. He tried to deceive people as much as he could deceive. For one thing, I'm not the woman I want so much, but I'm sorry to say goodbye to him, and I want to hear about his body, and there are various things there. That's why I told my mother. I would like you to go to the house of the thief and see how your body is. If nothing has changed, I still want to do needlework, so I'd like to see it when I come back to my house. If you bring it in and leave it for a couple of months, the suspicions of your neighbors must be diminished. If you put it in the woman who struck your ears, or if you think that you want to bring it back and see the two Yokos as well, you can be suspicious of it. I approached my mother because of my ears. My mother was a lonely woman, but I heard such a shallow monkey. I swore to my mother that I would never have a relationship with him anymore. My mother decided to go to her house to steal and summon her. My mother said that he was lying down when he had a cold, but nothing changed. I hurt my chest when I heard it. Now I feel more relieved. The relationship between him and me has returned to the previous one. My mother has no doubt about it. My mother was a precious blindness only to me. Although I was through emotion, my strong restraint of reason kept the relationship calmer than before. I wasn't obsessed with Oiyo from the beginning. My heart was strange when I saw him in the eyes, but I had a strong desire to hide it forever. The two of them are so close to having to part with each other, so when they parted, I told him that I should never leave my thoughts. From under the mouth, I continued the relationship. This is the shallow monkeyness of ordinary people.
The spring light was shining through the forest. I was motivated to return him. Since my feelings were cold, there were a lot of things that came out to me. Then, in my heart, I can see something unpleasant for him. I became able to clearly understand where I thought I had grown up. My mother gave me the money of the hand cut that I had saved for theft. My mother decided that the money came out of my hard work because I didn't know anything about it. I also brought out the farewell story. Within a month, Mr. Oiyo also got accumulating. Since I came to my house, my dad has grown clothes. Iyo / \ When I go home, there is no furoshiki to wrap my clothes. When I put out another one, I bought a piece of Moe Huang cotton. He sewed it with all his heart. A large packet was placed in Oiyo's room. The story was so full that I was fascinated by it. It was a pity that I was forced to do it. I couldn't stop sneaking into my dad's room. Kayuki I deceived my mother because I still had a storyteller about the hand cut, and went to my father's room without hesitation. At that time, he was always in the room because he was ill-mannered. My mother was sick of being connected. The last day has come. It was a rainy day. He said hello to his mother. My mother also made a ritual. I was looking at it by my side. The people in the village couldn't see the old man leaving my village because he left the hood of the car. I've never met him. However, there are still a few stories left about Mr. Oiyo. After that, a letter came from Mr. Oiyo. The envelope has the name of my friend on it. I broke the seal and looked at it. It seems that she was pregnant again. Fortunately, the previous one was sledging. This time, I'm still sick, so I can't take any dangerous things. Even so, I would like to consult with you again, so I wrote down to the place of the towing, asking me to come here and meet. I was also in trouble. I wondered if I had to meet him, but somehow I felt like I was sick of the deep dark holes, and my fear made me hesitate. The letter came again. I was cut off once, but at that time I didn't think I would be in a cute body. It is a letter that has been terribly grudged that it is ruthless to handle it gracefully. I couldn't even think about it, so I confided to my mother. My mother was also very worried. I sighed deeply. It was hard for me to see my mother Yoko. My mother read the letter many times. However, I still have some thoughts. This letter says that he once cut his hand. This too must be preserved in later evidence. Also, it seems that his mother is unusual, and no one lends his wisdom. You have to find Yoko effectively before you do it. Even so, those who are not at home may have rejected it. I went to some beach and had a rest / ″ \ I stayed there for a while and my mother was there. I then avoided myself at the port of Hirakata in Hitachi. I was another woman there. I saw.
[# 5 indentation] 6 [# "6" is the middle heading]
At that time, the weather belonged to the end of the rainy season, so the world was annoyed. The paper of the shoji was loose and it was raining / \. It was terrible for me to settle down for a few days after I changed land. Still, the strange land situation gradually confused me. Everything caught my eye when I was looking only at the flat land. The coast is all hills. A small cove is pierced in the hill with a round chisel. A harbor house is built along the cove. A straight line of man-made roads connects this port to the villages behind the hills. Most of the harbor towns stretch out from their cramped shores across the road. The inn was a three-story building with a glimpse of this small cove. I was guided to the middle of the second floor. If you open the shoji screen in the tatami room, you can see the rainy cove from the theater. But the small cove looked cramped. One end of the hill that holds the cove is higher than a fist. In the evening, crows swell from all sides on the treetops of the old pine trees standing there, and they make noise while being hit by the annoying rain. I fly around until I live in the treetops / \ I'm making noise. For a couple of days, this crow's turmoil was the one that appealed to me. The pattern of the sky improved all day long, so I immediately went for a walk. Along the shore of the cove, I crossed the stinky fisherman's town and went to the small diameter leading between the hills. The small diameter is the depression between the white and scattered fields of shells. As soon as the hole was opened, a blue place appeared in the sky. From between the hills / ″ \ You can see blue smoke standing on the line. The smoke rises straight up as soon as it is sucked into the hole in the sky. It spreads like \. When I saw smoke in the immediate vicinity and thought that the small diameter had turned, I went out to the top of the hill. The field was overlooked as Hiro / "\. In front of me, I saw a woman in a dirty garment burning the fire. It was a bunch of wheat. While holding a lit wheat bundle in one hand and burning it, take another bundle in one hand and transfer the fire from the burning ear. The ears of burnt wheat fall rags / \ as if it had begun to burn. The short, embered wheat bundle is thrown to the side. Smoke also stands there. The woman burns and throws away / \ she is very busy moving her hands. I suddenly saw a white flower stalk hanging on the ground around the scattered embers of wheat. It was a wild thorn flower. The long, soft branches are sprouting out with shiny green leaves. The ember fire was burning the white flowers. On the high and low hills, the smoke of burning wheat floats in the calm air. It seems that the woman in the field looks at the fine weather of Tama / \ and purchases wheat. This was the first time I saw how to do kauifu farming. I was standing and watching for a while because of the rarity. The sky was clear. The sun was shining hot. I walked on an exhilarating hill. The sea appeared at the end of the hill. The sea spreads forward with each pair. A crouched pine is facing the cliff. I looked at the pine branches out of curiosity. When you look down, the waves are white bubbles. Whether the waves are big or small, they always stand up on the shore. The waves that you look down on are just white bubbles that move in a rustling / \ and spread in all directions. I was watching the beautiful white foam change for a while. Looking far away, there are a series of brown cliffs facing offshore. The white line drawn by the slamming waves depict the land. As I left there, I suddenly saw a ship pulling nearby between the branches. When I asked the woman who was baking wheat, she said it was a pine fish boat. When I wondered if I could catch pine fish in such a place, I wondered if there was a net of sardines used as bait for fishing pine fish. I was brave that the pine fish would be carried from here. The beach has been unfished so far. I was happy with everything this day. When I thought about going home, I found a lonely woman standing in a lower field. This woman was looking far off the coast. The woman also came from the field when I went to the small path. I noticed that this woman was a guest in my next room. I wondered why the woman came to such a place. But when I thought it was fun to walk out of the cramped inn, the suspicion cleared up. I thought that the woman was also bored. When the woman approached me, she suddenly put the sleeves of her hands on top of each other and shook her chest. I turned to the other side. From that day on, I started to look at the next room with my heart. My tatami room was in the middle of the second floor before, and the woman's tatami room was at the end. One fusuma is separated by two tatami mats. From the time I arrived at the inn, I knew that there was a female guest in the next room. I thought she was a free-spirited woman. Suddenly my attention was drawn to me after I met him in the field of the hill.
From the next day, the sky became sick again. I stayed in a damp room. Sometimes my body was sluggish and I was lying down with / \ for about half a day. The woman in the next room rarely goes out of the shoji. That's why there is no sound. Most of the time, I think I'm lying down, but I don't have a chance to look into the woman's tatami room. One pillar borders both tatami mats, and both shoji are built on that pillar. I can't go beyond that pillar for no reason. Even if I went over it, the next room was quietly closed with shoji screens. Still, the woman has to go upstairs and pass in front of my tatami room to get to work. At that time, the woman is occulting her breasts with her sleeves. Whenever the shoji next door opens, I'm grateful. Somehow the woman may not pass in front of my tatami room when she opens the shoji. When I went out of the shoji and looked at it, I was looking at the cove with both hands in the theater, and I tightened the shoji and pulled it in. Even at that time, I was occulting my chest with a garment. When I come back from the walk, the woman may be looking at the newspaper by the side of the counter. The woman is the only one in the next room. It was a place where I couldn't help but think that I was alone. By the way, the woman was a child who seemed to have lost the point that she was unwilling to do. One day, in the tatami room next door, I could hear a faint sound of rolling paper. Eventually, there was a clicking sound of the brush, and then a sound of dropping the lid of the box. From the quiet next room, the sound of drawing hot water into a bowl echoed in my ears. My skepticism was that I was sensitive to the next room. Eventually, the woman, carrying something that looked like a letter, went upstairs, passing in front of my tatami room, covering her breasts with clothing. After a few days, I went for a walk after seeing a little rain. I went to the field during this time and saw it. If there is no blue smoke, the woman of the peasant cannot be seen. The barley bundles that have been burned and discarded are damp than the ones in the meantime. In a short time, the white wild thorns disappeared. The sky hangs lower than it is in contact with the rugged sea. I couldn't stand loneliness. It was a little after noon when I returned to the inn. In the next room, I heard that two pairs of sandals were taken off and he was talking with a secret / \. When I opened the shoji screen in my tatami room, the storyteller was a little interrupted. At the end of the day, I started talking more secretly than before. When the maid brought me a lunch, the shoji next door opened and the woman went down the floor with an old woman. The grandmother glanced at my tatami room and gave a nod. As a person in the countryside, he was an elegant person. The hair was oily, but about half was white. I asked the maid if she was the first guest to come today. The maid has come a couple of times, so the woman next door was brought by her grandmother. The woman has been in the next room for about three weeks. By the way, whenever my grandmother came, I heard that my husband and grandmother were often consulting with me. It's not the time to swim in the sea yet, so it's strange that the woman is recuperating at this port inn where there are few customers. I took the chopsticks and asked the maid. It was hard for me to listen to the set rather than just listening to it.
"I don't know well, but I feel sorry for him."
The maid stood a round tray on her lap.
"Do you know that?"
I couldn't help but ask.
"Actually, I don't know, but I'm talking about it."
"Who is when?"
"Katsuna-san here isn't someone else, and my husband is having trouble with that grandmother, that's all."
I drank a cup of tea poured from a clay bottle.
"That person is the 4th, so let's go to another place."
The maid had a tray. The story was clever, but when I heard that this inn was a relationship between a woman and a relative, I knew why she could entrust herself alone. The grandmother stayed at the next room that night. The next day, the grandmother didn't go home either. In the next room, I often talked with a secret / \. I also saw an old woman talking to her husband at the counter. At that time, both the grandmother and her husband were like smoking cigarettes. I couldn't bear the boredom of the annoying inn, so I pondered and ran into the rain to see the coal mine, not far from there. The rain cleared up in just two days. I saw the glowing sea from the middle of the mountain. I left the mountain and arrived at the inn when the sun was sloping down the hill later. There are 56 pine fish boats in the small cove. All the ships have their nets hung on a mast built with sails. A crow is already making a noise in the pine tree of Oka, who holds the cove, in search of a calyx. A ship suddenly appeared from Oka's nose. A naked fisherman is pushing the 艪 while screaming. The ship hits the cove like an arrow between the ships. When the 艪's hand stops, the ship coasts to the shore. People from the port are gathering on the shore. There are dozens of children on the beach meeting people. It was hot, so I threw my luggage into the storefront of the inn and rushed to the beach. Eventually, the boat throws pine fish into shallow water. A fisherman from the boat kidnaps the tail of a naked Mamatsu fish and carries it onto the sand. Dozens of beach children carry pine fish while immersing themselves in the water. The pine fish are lined up on the sand with their heads aligned. People noisily surround the pine fish and block it. Dozens of children began to scream naked all at once. Shout "Kunashiyo / \". After that, he shouts "What's up / \" as much as possible. He shouts pine fish for the money he helped. The people who stood up dispose of the pine fish without paying attention to the screaming and carry it outside. Eventually, a pine fish was handed over to one of the children. The child ran immediately. When I returned to the inn, they seemed to have exchanged pine fish for money, and they were distributing each sentence to two sentences. Unlike a few days ago, the harbor was somehow lively. When I came back to the inn, I saw a big yellowish cotton-like thing floating in front of the inn, which seemed to be some kind of meat. It was lifted to the shore in the middle and swayed by the waves. It gave off a terrible odor.
"Which one did you go to the coal mine?"
The husband greets me. I sit in front of the counter. The grandmother during this time seemed to have not returned yet and was sitting by the counter. The grandmother moved the cigarette basin in front of her to me and gave a light time.
"You've come to be like Oita Hama."
I also greeted my husband.
"Eh, I'm thinking of starting from this Shioumeji and from here, but I'm in trouble if this doesn't continue for a while."
"It smells stupid."
And when I was, my husband showed it on the desk and closed the hot books.
"I'm still talking about it, but this is whale meat, but it's been a long time, so it's completely rotten. But it ’s fertilizer. ”
The master is even more
"Well, make your own on the second floor"
When was it? There was another dashing voice, and the pine fish boat came. I stood at the storefront and saw a crowd of pine fish.
"Because this smell is so bad."
I heard that my grandmother was heading towards her husband.
The next room is a sled. The maid brought tea, so I silently pointed to the next room and put my elbows on my head and asked if she was sleeping.
"It's Shiyotsuchifu, and today, I didn't like this smell, I spit it out. I really don't like this smell."
The maid was sledding. I suddenly wondered if a woman was pregnant. It is thought that people are terribly avoiding themselves.
"Isn't this right?"
I drew my belly with my hand and asked the maid. The maid smiles coldly
"I'm scolded by my husband for that, but I'm really crazy, but I still don't know where I saw it."
I rubbed against me and whispered.
The grandmother came up the floor, so the maid went in a hurry.
"Thank you for now"
The grandmother greeted me. In the next room, I heard the low voice of my grandmother.
"Why don't you still go? I'll go because of that and that."
The other person couldn't hear it well. The voice of a woman was even lower, but I couldn't understand it. Eventually the grandmother came out with a small packet.
"I'll see you again."
The grandmother greeted me and went. As I opened the shoji and looked at the cove, my grandmother's car rushed to me.
That night I was confused with my eyes being clear / \. When I realized that the woman in the next room was pregnant, I was worried about her. If the letter is true, it's time for a change in your body. Heyyo also has to be gloomy like the woman in the next room. You have to be better off with a weak body from normal life. He was pregnant when he went to New Year. Now, I have committed a terrible sin and became light. Shortly after breathing, he became pregnant again. We were often / \ unlucky. He is suffering by himself, saying that he can't do that because his body is scary this time. What kind of circumstances do the women in the next room have? I can't wonder if he's in a bad situation. It seems that he is sinking without any thought of committing the sin that Mr. Oiyo did, and without knowing how to do it. With that in mind, I have to go into theft. However, when I look at Mr. Oiyo's feelings, I can't help but feel uncomfortable with him. He hated her husband and came away. Due to the circumstances of the family, I now have to live near my husband's village. I can't stay at my house anymore after gestation. This is because, in any case, I can't put my father in my house. When will I be able to stay near my husband who hated him by exposing him to shame? After thinking about it, I felt like visiting a woman who I knew. He wouldn't be worried anymore if he didn't come to my house. However, I also screamed and saw it, and I was reluctant to come, so the seeds of hardship were sown again. He was tossed by my cold feelings. I am inferior. My mother couldn't make an easy decision unless she pierced her well, but I must believe in him and I must suffer enough. I wish I could meet him at the place where he wanted to meet, and I felt sympathy for him this night. Even after I came to the port, I never wondered what happened to the negotiations with Mr. Oiyo. My depressed heart was reluctant to rain. When I thought about how to get rid of my father, I began to have a slight fear of the woman in the next room.
[# 5 indentation] Seven [# "Seven" is the middle heading]
The next morning I was tired and couldn't get up. When the eyes were finally awakened, the woman passed outside the shoji, but after that she did not know whether she was in a sled or not. When I woke up, the maid seemed to come to the next room and listen to her child. When the maid called out the clerk from the floor, the maid came up with a beautiful futon. In the next room, the clerk and the maid seemed to be re-laying the futon. When I went out of the shoji and saw the woman, she left the tatami room and stood near the theater looking at the cove. A flesh-colored sash hangs down on a sleeping yukata. My hair was light and fluffy around my ears, and my face looked bluish than usual. Looking at me, I hurriedly returned to the tatami room and stood there because of the shoji. I could see the innocent figure outside the shoji. The clerk is flattering.
"Yesterday, I'm sorry for the trouble with that smell. I'm sorry for the terrible thing. Still, I cleaned it up at night, so there's no smell anymore. Today, the sea is calm. I am sincerely sorry / \. I will come back to the pine fish boat later. "
The woman has something to say about it, but that is an extremely low voice. I listen to it, but I have never been able to understand a woman's life. Just as I was sucked by the magnet, the woman was so quiet that I couldn't hear it even if I listened to the sliding doors. I always had a strong feeling. The clerk is dashing. Even if I listened to it because of it, I felt like I was trying to attract the woman's attention.
"A whale has recently risen here. It was attacked by a shark, but this time it was a big fuss."
The maid sat down in front of my tatami room while holding onto a pillar.
"All the ships in the harbor are out of town. I found them off the coast, so I went on board and saw them, but at that time the whales weren't dead yet. The whales are miserable. And since there are no preventive tools or anything, I can't do anything on the day when the whale is attacked. It's just a long way to go. I don't know how many hundreds of whales there are. There is a horny fin on the back, but I put it out on the water and surround the whale to the fullest. It's a big one, and it's a big one. What is a killer whale? There is a guy who wears a submarine and looks at it, but all the sharks are squeezed toward the head of the whale and eat the meat of the whale. That's the phase. That's why I never go to the tail. If I play one with the tail, I can't stand anything again, so Shachi knows that. Because he's a fisherman, he's a whale. I took it to the ship and towed it. The killer whale is not good for humans. When it comes close to the mouth of this harbor, the killer whale is still off the coast. When I was thinking about it, the biggest one was to stand up a few horns and came back. I'm sorry to say that I ate a whale. I went there. Everyone was surprised at this. After all, the whale is a big one, so I left it because it wouldn't hit the harbor, but when you see it tomorrow morning, it looks like a killer whale has arrived. The whale meat has been bitten. It eats 156 pieces per bite. The meat is floating there, so I eat it. It's not a translation. The killer whale is a terrible guy. The water turned red everywhere. I wanted to see the turmoil at that time. "
Kneeling out of the shoji, the clerk said. I also slipped to the threshold and heard the story.
"What happened to the strange thing that Mr. Banto saw?"
The maid was immediately sick.
"Why don't you go back to me?"
"That's why the clerk was vulnerable to the ship, so when I got home, it was blue. It was my husband who finally saw it.
The maid went away while laughing.
"I can't help it because I'm really sick."
While laughing at the head
"Well, please make your own"
I stood up.
"It's been hot in Oita."
I also flattered and left. After that, there was no change in the next tatami room, and the woman rarely went out of the tatami room. However, after the sky was completely over and the summer day suddenly became hot and shining, the woman's tatami room was opened with shoji screens. I wanted to see the woman's tatami room at a glance, but I have never crossed the pillar of the border. Moreover, after the shoji was left open, I was afraid to look back at the tatami room when I was looking at the sea from the column in front of my tatami room. The woman passes in front of my tatami room many times a day. There is no place to hide my tatami room in front of the woman. The next room is a secret for me. I hated the lonely woman. I didn't even have a chat with the maid at the inn. Because I was terribly reluctant to go to the next room. If I didn't have that modest attitude, the woman might have moved to the next room. At that time, I was a quiet guest who couldn't follow a woman who wanted to avoid the public eye. The woman next door was so quiet that I was rather irritated. When I closed my eyes at night, I couldn't help but think about Mr. Oiyo. I was in trouble with my dad, but when I came to this inn, I became even more scared when the quiet next room was sledding me. My heart was terribly weak.
It was one afternoon. I went for a walk with a straw hat. If you go to the left from the storefront of the inn, the continuation of the hill behind will build a cliff and block it. There is a cave gate and a highway leads to it. If you go through the cave, you will find a smaller cove similar to the one in Hirakata. Fishermen form a small village on the banks of a small cove. At the end of the highway, there is a dried shrimp called "Komase". The odor of "Komase" struck my nose. This fishing village is in a different country from Kokuzura. As soon as I walked through the short cave, I was interested in the fact that it was the country of Iwaki. Also, the cave gate is facing a dark mouth. When you leave there, you can see the sea. From here I have been to the ruins of Nakoso no Seki on the slope. On this day, I followed the highway along the coast. The beach of Sekida unfolded in front of me like a bow. I walked on the shore with clogs in my hand from the place where the small ditch of the pea flow soaked into the sand where the flowers of the beach pea were blooming and the end was gone. The white bubbles of the smashing waves run lightly on the sandy beach with a slight slope. Local people call this place "Utare". My feet sometimes immerse myself in cold bubbles. When I'm walking around / \, there is something that comes after me through "Utare". This runs back and forth according to the white bubbles. I was standing and waiting. Bamboo is bent like a bow and strings are stretched, and a net is stretched. I scoop up the bubbling shallow water with a strange net and run with it. Squeeze it with your right hand and tap it on the bamboo basket of your left hand. When I looked into the bamboo basket from a close distance, I saw a small shrimp bouncing around. This is also Komase and this is something that humans can eat. It was said that the ship would catch Oki Komase and Komase, which would be used as fertilizer for the rice bran. Near the shore, 56 small boats are riding flat waves and stretching white sails. Looking at it, there is one fishing alone on a reef near "Utare". The waves cross the shore and hang a rough white thread. Before it falls, the next wave will cross. When the fisherman lifts one leg each time the wave crosses, the wave crosses under that leg. I was standing for a while, thinking that I wouldn't be struck by the waves passing by, and I was constantly avoiding the waves. The waves swell loosely in front of my eyes and then lower, smashing white bubbles into the shore. A number of smaller waves move on the surface of the bulging waves and always reflect the hot sunlight once. A person with a bow-shaped net is already running far "Utare" and becoming smaller. Beyond that, the land around Onahama, which can be seen far from the mouth of the inlet in Hirakata, stands out as soon as you reach out. I went further along the rocky shore. When I went to Dan / \, there was a big shelf near "Utare". It stands alone on this empty beach. There is a sword on the shelf, which seems to have been salted before. It seems that people who come and go on this beach will not steal, and it seems that the human being is a sword. A sparrow is singing loudly on the shelf. I wonder why the sparrow is singing in such a place, and the sparrow knows that the snake will not cross the dry sand and will raise its child on this shelf. The sparrow was chased by a terrifying snake at the eaves of a convenient person. Anyway, why was this shelf abandoned? Probably a reminder of failure. I kidnapped the sand and threw it. The sparrows flew all at once and went over Matsubara. After waiting for this empty beach, Matsubara in the area is dyed dark green. Someday the sun was dimly lit and it was raining / \ as I could see through the thin clouds. I ran into Matsubara on the sand without a stop. I was surprised to see a woman lying down on the root of the pine tree. I was looking at it intently, but when I thought that I had seen it in my clothes, I was a guest of my next room. The woman wondered why she came to such a place and was pinched by a fox. The woman is a great priest. I couldn't abandon it and leave.
"What's happen"
I heard. After a while, the woman heard my voice and raised her face. The paler woman was surprised, but she still seemed to be calm.
"Yes, I'm sorry, but a little ..."
It is stagnant.
"Still, please do not hesitate."
I had a bad hearing.
"I feel a little sick."
The woman has a low voice as usual.
"Isn't it caused by brain anemia?"
I muttered alone.
"I was a little sick, but I'm already calm."
"How about letting me hit you on your back a little?"
"No more"
The woman shook her head gently. For some reason, the woman's eyes are moistened with tears. I was standing and watching as the woman resigned. I may have been in a hurry because I couldn't actually touch the woman's body even if the woman was in agony. Because I was terribly scared of this woman. The woman got up. I hit the sand in a single garment to match the front. I scraped my frayed hair with both hands. The rain was sunny someday. The raindrops were just spilled over the dry sand. There are flowers of Lotus japonicus in the sand and yellow. Spilled pine needles are scattered in the Lotus japonicus. The woman stood up and started walking with a cane on her umbrella. I also walked in front of the silent maiden. I finally went out from Matsubara to the highway in search of a small diameter. Small-diameter weeds hang on the hem of clothing. Evening primrose was looking at us two, and I was snarling from the weeds. I thought that if the car owner was pulling an empty car, I would take a woman home. There was no car on the way. After a while, there was a small teahouse in the evening primrose shop, so I took a rest there. I got a Seishintan from the old lady of the teahouse and went to the woman for a while. The woman's complexion came back to her inside. I left the teahouse with a little care for my grandmother. I got back to the stop of Nakoso because of the guy. I was away from the woman while I was waiting for the up train. Seen from the window, the sun is hiding behind you on a hill full of green grass and throwing its light all the way off the coast. The water of the sea is deep blue. The small white sails off the coast reflect the light of the setting sun. When I thought I was on the train, it was already the stop of Sekimoto. I called a rickshaw and put a woman on it. At this time, the woman was recovering so much. I walked after the woman. I hurried. I couldn't stop fast until the woman's car went far beyond the evening primrose and hid in the hills.
[# 5 indentation] Eight [# "eight" is the middle heading]
The next day the woman did not leave the tatami room for a day. However, in the morning, I came out of my tatami room and stated yesterday's step-in-law. The obi was tightly fastened on the white Kasuri. Most women make smiles and greet them when they are cute, but they are sinking as usual. Of course, he has no panicked attitude and is calm. On the contrary, I was sick of this woman. Well I didn't have anything else. I later thought that I managed to get the woman to open her heavy mouth, but at that time she was just stiff. When I went out for a walk that day, the smoke that was burning Ecklonia cava on the beach was in the air. The wife of a dirty fisherman cuts the cloth from the sea and burns it with a fire. The ash is the raw material for fertility. It seemed that the pattern of the sky was a little strange. At night, the cove was full of ships. Yoi no Kuchi A small torch was lit by every ship. A fisherman standing on the side of the sword held it in his hand and turned it around / \, and eventually threw the fire into the water. It was dark that night. Some clouds seemed to fly in the sky. When Oki is a "shike", it makes a louder sound than usual. The waves hitting the mouth of the cove looked white. I was listening to the sound of a swaying sound from the bottom of the rugged earth under the lamp. Suddenly, I heard a human voice on the front, and then I heard a distant voice. When I went to the counter, my husband wasn't there. It is said that there was a shipwreck. People are busy running in front of the store. I had no idea where or why. When I stood out of the store for a while, the rocky shore burned up on the shore of the harbor. However, the 篝 is a length that clearly shows people moving within the range of the light, and it is not at all. When I went near the sword and saw it, a ship was taken down. I went to the fisherman's town and saw it. The dead end is just dark and there is no child there. When you turn back and come, the lanterns can run toward the cave. Lanterns also run from the cave. When I sweared at the lanterns and the lanterns, I ran wrong. I also headed for the cave. I heard the sound of clogs echoing inside the cave and squeaking. I went to a fishing village on nine sides. I saw white waves pushing through the cramped mouth of the cove. Gaya / \ and the human voice are noisy. The light of the fire and the fray is shining through the sky. I turned the bumpy road and went past the fisherman's house. Trying to hit a person in the darkness. When I went to see it, a bonfire was burning in the garden, and people were clamoring for the fire. Looking through the crowd, forty-five people who are naked are sitting on the straw mats and holding their hands on the bonfire. I heard that the fisherman of the wreck was saved here. There are thirty-four boys in it. While holding his hand over the bonfire, he looks at the crowd with a pitiful face. No other fisherman was so surprised. Everyone has a loincloth of Akane. I felt unexpected. There is a woman who seems to be a fisherman's wife standing beside me. He speaks in a rough language peculiar to the land. I also spoke out and listened to it. This was a fisherman who left the boat from Onahama this morning. I tried to open the port of Hirakata, but the waves were rough and dark from the evening, so the bottom of the ship was deadlocked. If the ship breaks into a reef, it will soon become a rose / \. All the fishermen still had a board and were struck by the waves and swam. Since I landed with one person, a rescue ship came out from this village as well. I shook my voice and rescued him. Everyone was saved, but I can't see just one person. The fisherman never landed here even though he was a child of thirteen and took his life. It is said that it will not land in Hirakata. It may have been deeply caught up by failing to avoid the waves. The fisherman was the father of this child. When he was saved, the boy couldn't speak. He said he was often listening to his father when he bonfired the garden and warmed it up. Firewood was thrown into the bonfire. The flame burns up. It makes a noise and burns. The light of the flame clearly illuminates the inside of the round ring drawn by people around it. People's faces are red and scary. I was behind and felt a hot face. When I came back, the sword of Hirakata had already disappeared, and I could only hear the sound of the free / \. My husband seemed to haven't returned yet, and the inn's counter was lonely.
When I returned to the tatami room, the woman was looking at the dark cove through the gap between the shutters that had been opened in detail. The woman turned around and heard what happened tonight. The woman had only spoken to me once. I approached the woman then. Now everyone talked about what I saw. The light of the lamp near the threshold made the woman in a yukata look beautiful. The woman was still wearing her obi tonight.
"Some people are poor."
When was the woman? Woman's * [# "eyes + 爭", 3rd level 1-88-85] I saw tears in my eyes. Now the woman turned sideways for a while. I was suspicious that the story of a wreck couldn't make me so sad. I stood up and looked out through the gap in the shutter. There is nothing to see outside the pine fish boat, which is full of pine fish, sleeping vaguely in the bottom of the darkness. When I noticed and tried to return to my tatami room, I suddenly saw a woman's tatami room. I glanced at the pillow lying on the futon. I have never looked into a woman's tatami room since I came to this inn. I somehow felt uneasy in my heart. When I was in the middle of the night as / \, I thought that the human voice was noisy, but I fell asleep.
When I woke up tomorrow morning, the sky was clear and clear. There is no other pine fish boat in the harbor. It looks like everyone started rowing in the middle of the night. It was the turmoil at that time that caught my ears as far as / \. I went through the cave and went to the ninth side again to see it. This morning, the smell of Komase, which had just dried up as a sled, was just piercing my nose. The waves are also gentle / \. When I came back from the walk, there was a guest in the next room. When I hear the voice of a naive woman, she sometimes laughs. The voice of the woman was the grandmother during this time. When the woman went down the floor, the grandmother came to my tatami room
"The other day, it was a troublesome phase that flew, and I was really surprised to such a place by myself. Somehow, I'm going to do that."
Grandmother is cute
"There is a phase for that replacement."
Trying to put out a purse from between the obi and the obi.
"No, you should never sledge such a thing."
I forcibly held it down.
"I'm sorry for that."
Grandma immediately
"But, that one is finally getting rid of."
I'm happy to say that I don't understand. It's different from what it used to be. The woman went up the floor. When I noticed it, I was changing into Harui today. The hair is also combed.
"Have you come to the car yet?"
The grandmother asked.
"I haven't done it yet."
Although it was a low voice, the woman was sick. There was a sound of an empty car on the front, and the maid soon came to inform me.
"That's a big deal, but ..."
Grandma greets me. The woman also greets her later. The woman changed her clothes and somehow wore / \ and looked more beautiful than usual. When I send it to the store, the grandmother stops. I was reluctant to stand near the theater. Two 蝙蝠 umbrellas that were held up appeared from under the eaves and suddenly hid in the other eaves. I looked into the next room. Both the brazier and the tea set are shining in the corners, and they are just as hot as they are. The clerk immediately brought a duster and a broom to clean the next room.
"My husband, I'm loose, so why don't you go to this tatami room? I'm going to have a sea bathing customer from now on / \, so now I'm the one who's tatami room. Yogozansuze "
The clerk was careful. But I didn't feel like moving there. I was very reluctant to the woman. I couldn't go to the tatami room without hesitation. It's a sledge, so I shouldn't feel like there's still a woman in the next room. I wondered if I would wait for the next room, which was terribly lonely that night, / ″ \. Maybe that's why it looked like a ghost / \. Even so, the old man doesn't know at all how his mother is carrying it. After meeting the woman in the next room. I've also become more worried about my terribly weakened grandmother. The woman was waiting to agonize me while I was far away from this port. Atsushi. I didn't know any other reason, but when I was happy to show that I had a piece, I went to see it. I felt like I was abandoned somewhere. . I was in awe. I received a letter from my mother one day later. I broke the seal with all my heart. But I don't need to tell anyone in-law. I just need to have a strange face. If I want to go home, I want to go home, if I want to stay, I want to stay forever. Timely / "\ I felt the kindness of my mother. I immediately decided to leave the inn. I got on the up train that day. The rest of the guests couldn't crawl into the next room.
After that, I don't know what happened to him. When I returned, my mother told me to stay without knowing anything. I didn't have the courage to ask my mother. Even so, during the one-year forgiveness, I wasn't worried that he would come to me even if something was wrong. I heard that there were rumors about the old man at that time inside and outside the village. People generally know that the rumor will disappear someday if it isn't actually hot, and that it will be known later. My poor means have buried my rumors. Now there is nothing inside or outside the village that doubts me. I know that the act with my father is guilty. But I can't help but be delighted that I was able to keep myself by hiding it better than I could hide it. I was slightly spared from the dangerous tip of the blade. Even if you look back on the world, there are many people who can truly repent of their delinquency. I have no regrets about him anymore. To this day, it is not the old man but the woman in the next room that makes me sick. I can't understand a woman no matter how long it goes. A woman is a mystery that cannot be solved at all. I was disciplined once again to reach out to the woman. It is the guest in the next room that keeps my heart forever.
Bottom book: "Furusato Literature Museum Vol. 9 [Ibaraki]" Gyosei
First edition issued on March 15, 1995 (Heisei 7)
Parent of the bottom book: "Takashi Nagatsuka Complete Works Supplement 2" Shunyodou Bookstore
Published in 1977 (Showa 52)
First appearance: "Lesser cuckoo"
September 1910 (Meiji 43) issue
* The bottom book is a large scale of "ga" (ward number 5-86) used for counting things and place names.
Input: Yukio Hayashi
Proofreading: Shigeo Kobayashi
Created December 22, 2002
Revised April 19, 2011
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
