Romanesque
Osamu Dazai

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Kanagi Village

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) It was about 100 | rice "meters".

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) [# Indent two characters from here]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

Senju Taro

Once upon a time, there was a shoya called Kuwagata Sosuke in the village of Kanagi, the country of Tsugaru. At the age of 49, I had a child for the first time. It was a boy. I named it Taro. As soon as I was born, I yawned big. Sosuke was worried that the yawn was too big, and he felt sick of his relatives who came to congratulate him. Sosuke's concern "Kenen" is about to hit the mark. Taro does not feel like sucking on the breast of his mother, Hahajahito, and keeps his mouth open while he is in the mother's mouth. But I was waiting. Even if a papier-mâché tiger was assigned, he didn't mess around with it, just looking at the swaying tiger's head in a boring manner. Even after waking up in the morning, he did not rush out of the bed and pretended to be asleep with his eyes closed for about two hours. He had a spirit of disliked the gestures of his body. At the age of three, he caused a "little" incident in Toriwatari, and thanks to that incident, Taro Kumagata's name spread a little among the villagers. It wasn't a newspaper case, so it was a real case. Taro walked forever.
It was the beginning of spring. At night, Taro rolled out of his mother's feet without making any noise. It fell down to the dirt floor, and then went out to the open air. After I went outdoors, I stood up. Sosuke and his mother were sleeping without knowing it.
The full moon was floating just above Taro's forehead. The full moon ring was bleeding. Taro, who wears a juban with a medaka pattern and a cotton-filled bodice with a kuwai pattern, goes east on a gravel road full of horse manure in the village. walked. I closed my eyes halfway and walked with a small breath without rushing.
The next morning, the village was in a turmoil. This was because the three-year-old Taro was sleeping in the middle of the apple field of Yunagareyama, which is a full distance away from the village. Yuryuyama was shaped like a piece of ice melting, and Mine had three gentle undulations, and the western end had a gentle slope as if it had flowed. It was about a hundred | rice "meters". It was unclear why Taro got into such a mountain. No, Taro must have climbed alone. But I didn't understand why I climbed.
Taro returned to the village while being shaken by being put in the basket of the daughter of the discoverer, Warabi. All the villagers who looked into the basket and nodded with the tengu, with black oily wrinkles between their eyebrows. Sosuke saw his child safe and said, "This is it." I couldn't say I was in trouble, I couldn't say I was happy. The mother wasn't so upset. I picked up Taro, put a towel in the hand basket of my daughter who took the bracken, instead of Taro, and then took a big basin to the dirt floor and put hot water in it. I gently washed Taro's body. Taro's body wasn't dirty at all. It was plump and white. Sosuke wandered around the basin violently, and finally stumbled upon the basin and was scolded by his mother for the hot water of the basin. Sosuke nevertheless kept looking at Taro's face over his mother's shoulder and continued to say, Taro, what he saw, Taro, what he saw. Taro yawned several times and then shouted that he was Taana Kamda Achinae.
Sosuke finally took the meaning of this thing after sleeping at night. Tami no Kamado is very busy. Discover! Sosuke tried to hit his kneecap while lying down, but he was disturbed by the heavy quilt "Kakebuton" and hit the navel area, which made him feel painful. Sosuke thinks. Shoya's sword is Shoya's parent. At the age of three, he is already enthusiastic about the people's kamado. Thank you very much. This child must have looked down on the morning scenery of Kaminagi Village from the top of Mt. Yuryu. At that time, the smoke rising from the kamado of the houses was crowded. Oh, the super-worldly application of Shusho. What a gift this child is! I have to take good care of it. Sosuke got up softly, stretched out his arms, and carefully repaired Taro's quilt, which was sleeping alone on the next floor. After that, I stretched out my arms and fixed the mattress of my mother, who was sleeping on the floor next to me, a little roughly. The mother did not sleep well. Sosuke muttered, deliberately turning his face away, avoiding looking at his mother's sleeping phase. This is Taro's creator. I have to take good care of it.
Taro's prophecy was correct. In the spring of that time, wonderfully large pink flowers bloomed in the apple fields of every village, and the scent was sent to the castle town, which was far away from Juri. Better things happened in the fall. The fruit of the apple was as big as a Temari and as red as a coral, and became a bell like a paulownia fruit. When I tear off one of them and put it on my teeth, the flesh of the fruit is so moist that it breaks off, and as soon as I put it on my teeth, it cracks loudly and cold water bursts out from my nose to my cheeks. It was so wet that it got wet. More happy things happened on New Year's Day. While a thousand origami cranes flew from the eastern sky and the villagers were making noises, they swam slowly in the blue sky on New Year's Day and eventually west. I flew away. In the autumn of that year, the ears of rice and the ears of apples were as lumpy as the branches of the previous year. The village has begun to moisturize. Sosuke believed only in Taro's ability as a prophet. However, he refrained from telling it to the villagers. Is it from the heart that I do not want to get the ridicule of being a parent idiot? Perhaps something lighter was from the bottom of my heart to make a profit.
The child prodigy when he was young finally fell into the wrong way after a few years. Someday Taro was named a sloth by the villagers. Sosuke also began to think that it was unavoidable to be told that. At the age of six or seven, Taro did not go out and play in the fields, rice fields, or riverbanks like other children did. In the summer, I used to stick my cheeks on the window of my room and look out at the scenery. In winter, I sat by the fireside and watched the burning bonfire. I liked riddles. One winter night, Taro lay down on the fireside, looking up at Sosuke's face and riddled in a slow tone. What's in the water that doesn't get wet? Sosuke shook his head about three times and replied that he didn't understand. Taro taught after closing his eyes lightly. Shadow potatoes. Sosuke finally began to think of Taro damnly. Isn't this a fool? It must be a fool. As the villagers say, it was just a lazy thing.
In the fall when Taro was ten years old, the village was hit by a great flood. The three-storied Kamibaki River, which was slowly flowing through the northern end of the village, began to get angry because of the continuous rain. The turbid water of the water source swirls in a large vortex and a small vortex, and it is about to swell up, and the six tributaries are combined to quickly gain weight. The large trees of the riverbanks, such as the oak, the fir, and the white yang, are pulled out and washed away. I smashed it and broke it, broke the bank and spread it like the ocean, licked the foundation stones of the houses, swam the pigs, and floated the 10,000-sized Inabozu that had just been cut. I smashed it. Then, on the 5th day, the rain stopped, and on the 10th day, the water finally began to drain, and by the 20th day, the Kaminagi River was flowing slowly along the northern end of the village with a width of about three rooms.
The villagers consulted with each other in groups at homes here and there every night. The conclusion of the consultation was always the same. I don't want to starve to death. That conclusion has always been the starting point for consultation. The villagers had to start the same consultation the next night. Then I got the conclusion that I didn't want to starve again and broke up. The next night, we talked further. Then the conclusion was the same. The consultation was endless. The village was disturbed and the righteous people appeared. One day, ten-year-old Taro gave his opinion to his father, who was holding his head with both arms and sighing. I think this can be easily solved. All you have to do is go to the castle and ask the lord for relief. I'm going. Sosuke gave a crazy cheer. Immediately after that, he seemed to realize that he had done something that was supposed to be done, and once he untied his hands, he put his hands behind his head again and showed him frowning. You think so easily because you are a child, but adults don't. If you make a mistake, the direct appeal will be fatal. Not really. Stop. Stop. That night, Taro rushed out to the castle town as it was. No one knew.
The direct complaint was successful. Because Taro was lucky. Not only did he not die, he even received a reward. It may be because the lord of the time had forgotten the law cleanly. Thanks to this, the village escaped annihilation and began to moisturize again in the coming year.
The villagers still praised Taro for a couple of years. I forgot after a few years. Shoya's idiot was Taro's name. Taro went into the warehouse almost every day and randomly read Sosuke's collection. Occasionally I found a picture book that wasn't mysterious. Still, I read with a calm face.
In the meantime, I found a book on hermitage. I read this most enthusiastically. I read it in ten characters vertically and horizontally. After training in the brewery for about a year, I finally learned how to become a mouse, an eagle, and a snake. I became a mouse and went around the warehouse, and sometimes I stopped and screamed. As an eagle, he spread his wings out of the window of the warehouse and jumped up, wandering through the sky to his heart's content. As a snake, I walked under the floor of the warehouse, avoiding the spider's nest, and stepping on the grass of the sun-drenched sun with my belly scales. Soon, I learned how to be a mantis, but it was just that, and it wasn't really interesting.
Sosuke was already desperate for his child. Even so, he regretted losing and told his mother. Well, it was too much. Taro fell in love at the age of sixteen. The other party was the daughter of an oil shop next door, who was good at blowing a whistle. Taro preferred to hear the whistle in the brewery while still in the shape of a rat or snake. I'm sorry, I want to fall in love with that girl. Tsu I want to be the best man in the light. Taro began to think about becoming a good man with his own hermitage. On the tenth day, I was able to fulfill that desire.
Taro was surprised when he looked into the mirror. It was white as if the color had disappeared, and the cheeks were blistering and chewy. His eyes were thin, and his mustache was growing. It was the face of a Buddhist statue from the Tenpyo era, and even the gem of the crotch, Ichimotsu, was sloppy in the old-fashioned way. Taro was disappointed. The book of hermitage was too old. It was a book from the time of Tenpyo. Don't be afraid in such a situation. Let's start over. I tried to get back to the law again, but it didn't work. If you do whatever you want from your own desires, it will stick to your body for better or worse, and you can't help it. Taro made an empty effort for three or four days and gave up on the fifth day. With such an old-fashioned face, women don't like it anyway, but there is no such thing as a lover in the world. Taro, who lost the legal power of psychic, came out of the brewery with a beard on his face.
I gave a translation to my parents who had an open mouth, and finally convinced them to close their mouth. After all, I can't even stay in the village with such a terrible appearance. I'm going on a trip. After making such a note, I left the house with "Hyozen" that night. The full moon was floating. The full moon was a little blurred. It wasn't because of the sky. It was because of Taro's eyes. While walking around, Taro pondered the wonder of a beautiful man. Why is a good old man now stupid? There is no such thing as "should". Isn't this all right? However, this riddle was difficult, and it was difficult to solve it even after passing through the forest of the neighboring village, reaching the castle town, and passing through the country of Tsugaru.
By the way, Taro's mystery of hermitage, Ougi, is a spell that is uninteresting, uninteresting, uninteresting, uninteresting, and uninteresting. It was said that he was finally in a state of selflessness, saying that he was repeatedly bassed over and over again.

Fighting Jirobei

Once upon a time, there was a man named Ippei Kamaya at an inn in Mishima, Tokaido. Since his great-grandfather's generation, he has been engaged in brewing sake. Sake is said to reflect the people of the brewer. Kamanaya's sake was clear and quite dry. The name of the sake was called the water wheel "Mizuguruma". I had fourteen children. There are six boys. There are eight girls. The eldest son was dull in the world, and therefore lived with business first, as directed by Ippei. I'm not confident in my thoughts, and sometimes I sometimes give some opinions to my father, but in the middle of the words I'm a little less confident, but I think that's the case. I think this is full of mistakes, and I'm sure it's wrong, but what my dad thinks, it seems like it's wrong, and it's hard to say. It was. Ippei answers easily. I'll take it wrong.
However, when it came to the second son, Jirobei, the situation was a little different. Some of his temperament tended to show an unrelenting attitude of the original meaning, not the meaning of the politician's whining. Because of that, he was filthy by the people of Mishima's inn, calling him a rogue. Jirobei disliked the merchant guts. The world is not abacus. I drank alcohol almost every day, convinced that what was worthless was precious. Even if he drank alcohol, he was not allowed to drink the alcohol of his house that he had seen with his own eyes that he was devouring unjust profits. If I accidentally swallowed it, I immediately put my hand in my throat and forcibly spit it out. Jirobei was swallowing the town of Mishima alone day after day, but his father, Ippei, refused to blame it. Because he was a clear-headed man. I thought it would be better if there was only one idiot among the other children. In addition, Ippei was the head of Mishima's fire extinguisher, so eventually there was a plan to give Jirobei this honorary position, and Jirobei continued to rampage like a horse. Then, from a distant perspective that he would have the qualification as a future fire extinguisher, he pretended not to see Jirobei's horror.
Jirobei decided to be good at fighting in the summer of 22 years old, but that was the reason.
Every year at Mishima Taisha, there is a festival on the 15th of August, and tens of thousands of people from the fishing villages of Numazu and the mountains of Izu, as well as the people at the post station, hold a fan on their waists. By the way, they were gathering together. On the day of the festival at Mishima Taisha, it was once known that it would rain. The people of Mishima love flashy things, so in the rain, they use a fan to watch the fireworks go up as the dance stalls pass and the floats pass by, while enduring the wet and cold weather. ..
The festival day when Jirobei was 22 years old was unusually sunny. In the blue sky, a black kite was screaming and dancing, and the people of Sankei worshiped the shrine and then the blue sky and the black kite. A little too late, black clouds appeared from the corner of the sky in Tohoku, and Mishima became dim after a few striking, and a heavy wind containing water crawls on the ground. 》 When I turned around, it seemed to be a signal, and large drops of water spilled from the heavens, and eventually it rained heavily. Jirobei was watching a woman running through the rain legs outside while drinking alcohol at the izakaya in front of the Otorii of the Taisha Shrine. In the meantime, I suddenly started to lift my hips. It was because I found an acquaintance. He was the daughter of a penmanship master, Shisho, who lives in the Omukai of his house. Wearing a heavy kimono with a red flower pattern, I had to take 56 steps again and again. Jirobei slammed the goodwill of the tavern, went outside, and told him to bring an umbrella. It's hard when the kimono gets wet. The girl stopped and slowly twisted her thin neck, and when she saw Jirobei, she had a soft white cheek. Waiting. With that said, Jirobei returned to the izakaya and borrowed a bun umbrella while scolding the host in a loud voice. The daughter of a master. Whether it's your relatives, your mother-in-law, or you, you must think of me as a bad villain who swallows something. But how about it? I'm such a man that if I feel sorry for him, I'll do anything with an umbrella like this. Look at Zama. When I repelled the goodwill and went outside, I found that there was no daughter, and there was only a rain leg and a flow of people running while pushing each other. I heard the voice of ridicule from inside the izakaya. It is the voice of 67 rogues. Jirobei thinks while holding the umbrella in his right hand. Ah. I want to be good at fighting. Humans, when they have such a ridiculous eye, there is no shit in the cave. If you touch a person, you kill the person. If you touch the horse, kill it. That's good. For three years from that day, Jirobei secretly practiced fighting.
The quarrel is courageous. Jirobei made his courage with sake. The amount of Jirobei's sake finally increased, the eyes gradually became cold and hazy like the eyes of a dead fish, and three oily horizontal wrinkles appeared on the forehead, and it seemed to have a strange look. It was. To bring the smoke tube to your mouth, you have to turn your arm from behind to a large turn and take a quick break. It looked like a courageous man.
Next, let's say something. I thought I'd say it in a sloppy voice. Before the quarrel, he was supposed to say some kind of nifty line, but Jirobei had a hard time choosing that line. It doesn't really feel like it's a mold. I chose this kind of unconventional line. Are you wrong? I wonder if it's a joke. If the tip of your nose becomes purple and swollen, it will look strange. It takes a hundred days to fix it. I think it's kind of wrong. Every night, after sleeping, I gave up thirty pens so that I could say this at any time. He also practiced that he wanted to keep smiling while saying this, without bending his mouth or glancing his eyes more than necessary.
Now you are ready. It was finally a fight training. Jirobei refused to carry a weapon. Winning with the power of a weapon is not a man. If you can't win with your bare hands, your heart will not be refreshed. First, I researched how to make a fist. Placing your thumb out of your fist may damage your thumb. After a lot of research, Jirobei hid his thumb in his fist and tried to line up the backs of the first joints of the other four fingers. I have a fist that looks terribly sturdy. When I followed my kneecap with the back of this tightly lined first joint, my fist didn't hurt at all, and instead the kneecap hurt so much that it jumped up. This was a discovery. Jirobei then planned to thicken and harden the skin on the back of the first joint. As soon as I woke up in the morning, I hit a cigarette tray at the bedside with his new fist. While walking around the town, I hit the earthen wall and the wooden wall of Michimichi. I hit the table in the tavern. I hit the fire rim of my house. I spent a year on this training. When the cigarette basin broke into pieces, there were countless large and small holes in the earthen wall and the wooden wall, cracks were formed on the table of the tavern, and the fire rim of the house became uneven, Jirobei finally got rid of it. I gained confidence in the firmness of my fist. During this training, Jirobei discovered that there was a trick in how to hit him. In other words, it was about three times more effective to hit the arm straight from the armpit like a piston than to hit it by turning it from the side. I also learned that if you twist your arm half a turn inward while sticking it straight out, it will be about four times more effective. The arm was digging into the opponent's body like a spiral.
For the next year, I practiced in the pine forest at the site of Kokubunji, which is behind the house. He hit a dead root stock with a height of 5 shaku and 45 inches in the shape of a human. Jirobei tried to hit his body from corner to corner and was informed of the fact that the eyebrows "Miken" and the waterfall "Mizoo" were the best. In addition, I thought about the key point of the man who has been handed down from a long time ago, but I felt that this was vulgar, and I thought that it was not the aim of a man who was arrogant. .. I learned that the sword also hurts a lot, but this is a convenient place to kick with my foot, and Jirobei says that using his foot for fighting is also cowardly and he wants to shrug off. I decided to aim exclusively for the eyebrows and the water drop. I made a triangular mark with a knife on the part of the dead root stock at the height corresponding to the eyebrows and the water drop, and hit it every day. Are you wrong? I wonder if it's a joke. It looks strange when the tip of your nose swells in purple. It takes a hundred days to fix it. I think it's kind of wrong. Immediately hit the eyebrows. Drop water on your left hand.
After a year of training, the triangular mark on the dead tree was rounded to the depth of a bowl. Jirobei thought. Now it's in the hundreds. But I still can't be relieved. The other party is not always standing still like this root stock. It's moving. Jirobei looked at the water wheel, which is almost every corner of the town of Mishima. The snow at the foot of Mt. Fuji melts into a clear stream with dozens of articles of water, and a water wheel with moss that flows under the foundations of Mishima's houses, along the edges and in the garden. I was slowly and slowly turning around at the key points of the many streams. Jirobei always conquered one water wheel at night after drinking alcohol. He hits the tongues of the sixteen boards of the spinning water wheel one after another. At first, it was difficult to guess and it didn't go well, but gradually I saw water wheels resting with their tongues torn in the town of Mishima.
Jirobei was often bathed in a stream. Sometimes I was still at the bottom. He considered the case where he accidentally slipped in a quarrel and fell into a stream. It may be because the stream is flowing all over the city, or in some cases. The bleached cotton girth was wrapped tighter and tighter. It was because I was careful not to let a lot of alcohol go into my stomach. If you get drunk, your legs may sway and you may get an unexpected sensation. Three years have passed. The festival of Taisha came three times, and it was too three times. The training is over. The appearance of Jirobei has finally become solid and dull. It even took me a minute to screw my neck left or right.
Relatives are sensitive because of the blood connection. His father, Ippei, saw through Jirobei's training. I didn't know what I had practiced, but I just realized that it seemed to be a big game. Ippei carried out the plot from before. He gave Jirobei the honorary position of the fire extinguisher. Jirobei gained the trust of many firefighters for his incomprehensible and heavy work. I wonder if I was just scorned and had no chance of fighting. Perhaps this was a lifelong death without a quarrel, and the young man thought it was dull. Both arms that were twisted up became itchy every night, and I was scratching with a dreadful feeling. I was troubled by the place of power, and at last I got a mischievous mischief and tattooed my back. It seemed that five elongated fish, similar to mackerel, were poking the crimson rose flower, which was about five inches in diameter, from all sides with its pointed beak. Blue small waves "Ripples" were moving from the back to the chest. Because of this tattoo, Jirobei finally became a man who couldn't hide on the Tokaido, and he was scorned not only by the firefighters but also by the rogues of the post station, and the hope of fighting had disappeared. Jirobei thought this couldn't be done.
However, the opportunity came unexpectedly. At that time, there was a rich man named Jouroku Jouroku, who was competing for sake brewing together with Kamanaya at the inn in Mishima. The liquor here was somewhat tongue-rich and rich in color. Jouroku is also very similar to sake, and although he has four concubines, he is still lacking and is trying to have a fifth concubine. The white feather arrow of the hawk passes through the roof of Jirobei's house, and the penmanship of the master of the Omukai penmanship, Wabizuma, is squeezed through the penpen grass on the roof of the house. It was. The mentor did not reply that he was sick. Twice, he tried to seppuku and was found by his family and failed. Jirobei heard the rumor and learned to ring his arm. I aimed for an opportunity.
The opportunity came to the eyes of Mitsuki in March. At the beginning of December, it snowed rarely on Mishima. Shortly after the sunset, the six half-bells of the post station rang at one time when the big peony snow "Botanyuki" was piled up about three inches. It's a fire. Jirobei left the house relaxedly. The tatami mat shop next to the Jinshuya was burning with pity. Thousands of fireball kid fluttered in a row on the roof of the tatami house, and sparks spewed out like pine pollen and spread out and scattered far in the sky on all sides. Occasionally black smoke appeared quietly like an Umibozu and covered the entire roof. The falling peony snow was struck by the flames, and it looked even heavier and heavier. The firefighters had begun discussions with Jinshuya. Jinshuya insisted that it was not enough to pour water into his house, and ordered that he should quickly knock down the next tatami mat ridge to put out the fire. The firefighters refuted, saying that it violated the law of fire extinguishing. Jirobei appeared there. Jinshuya. Jirobei said in the lowest possible voice, with a smile on his face. Are you wrong? I wonder if it's a joke. Jinshuya has words in between. This is Kamagaya's young husband, Hehe, it's a joke, it's a complete intoxication, so please pour water. There was no quarrel. Jirobei had no choice but to look at the fire. Although it wasn't a quarrel, Jirobei gave up a man again. Jirobei's straight cheeks when he was slamming the Jinshuya while being lit by the light of a fire, ten | What was scary was the narrative of the firefighters for a long time after that.
On a good day in February of the following year, Jirobei set up a new house on the outskirts of the post station. In addition to 6 tatami mats, 4 and a half tatami mats, 3 tatami mats and 3 tatami mats, there is a second floor behind 8 tatami mats, from which you can see Mt. Fuji straight. On a better day in March, the daughter of a penmanship master was sent to this new house as a bride. That night, the firefighters packed up in Jirobei's new house, drank a festive liquor, and performed hidden tricks one by one to make the night more fluffy. The celebration was over, cheating everyone's drunken and deep sleep eyes and being rewarded with a crackling cheer from a corner.
Jirobei was spending every day, realizing that this must be fine again. His father, Ippei, also said that this was a paragraph, and he usually muttered and popped a smoke tube to Togepposaioku. But there were sad things that I couldn't even think of with Ippei's clear mind. On the evening of the second month after getting married, Jirobei was drinking alcohol with his bride's drink, and I had a strong fight. To fight, I hit my eyebrows with my right hand. In this way, hit the water drop with your left hand. The bride died in a hurry, though it was just a mess. After all it would have been good to hit. Jirobei was taken into prison for a serious crime. It is a punishment that is too good at things. Jirobei was not ridiculed by the officials because of his calm appearance even after he entered the prison, and was praised by the sinners in the room as the prisoner. Sitting higher than the other sinners, Jirobei hummed his own Dodoitsu and Nembutsu songs with mercy.
[# Indent two characters from here]
Whisper on the rock
While raising my cheeks
I'm strong
Rock did not answer
[# End of indentation here]

Lie Saburo

Once upon a time there was a widower scholar named Haramiya Huangmura in Fukagawa, Edo. I was familiar with the religion of China. He had a child and was called Saburo. It was said in the neighborhood that the name Saburo, even though he was the only son, was a scholarly twist. No one knew why it was a scholarly twist. It was supposed to be a scholar. Huangmura's reputation in the neighborhood was not very good. It was said to be extremely roaring. There was even a rumor that after eating rice, it was always half-returned, and still the glue was made.
Saburo's lie flower sprouted from this Huangmura's roar. Until he was eight years old, he was not given a messenger of money, and was forced to recite the words of the Chinese prince. Saburo muttered while sipping the words of the Chinese prince, and walked by pulling out the pillars and nails on the walls of the room. When I had ten nails, I took them to a nearby garbage picker and sold them for one or two coins. Buy Hanabayashi sugar "Karinto". Later, he learned from a garbage picker that his father's collection could sell at a price that was about ten times better, and he took out one book and two books, and the sixth book was discovered by his father. My father shook tears and punished this kleptomaniac child. He hit Saburo's head about three times with his fist, and then said. Any further punishment will only make you unnecessarily hungry for you and for me. Therefore, this is the only punishment. Sit there. Saburo was given a crying remorse. For Saburo, this was the beginning of a lie.
In the summer, Saburo killed his neighbor's dog. My dog was a Japanese Chin. At night, the Japanese Chin barked loudly. A long howl, a buzzing scream, a loud groan that seemed unbearable in pain, and a scream of sama. After about an hour of crying, my father, Huangmura, called out to Saburo, who was sleeping beside him. Come see me. Saburo had been listening with his head raised and his eyes fluttering. When I got up and opened the shutter, I saw a Japanese Chin attached to the bamboo fence of the next house, rubbing my body against the soil and writhing. Saburo scolded him not to make a noise. The Japanese Chin saw Saburo's appearance, bite the bamboo fence in the soil to see it, and screamed louder than he could, looking away from the frenzy. Saburo felt hatred for the sweet spirit of the Japanese Chin. He said in a breathtaking voice, "Don't make a noise, don't make a noise," then jumped into the garden, picked up the pebbles, and bumped them into them. I hit the head of the Japanese Chin. After screaming, it was a small white chin, but when it turned around, it turned like a top and fluttered. I'm dead. After closing the shutters and going to bed, my father asked with a sleepy voice. What's wrong? Saburo replied with the futon on his head. I stopped crying. I'm sick. You may die tomorrow.
In the autumn, Saburo killed a person. He pushed his playmates down the Sumida River from Kotoibashi. There was no direct reason. I had a seizure that was very similar to the one I wanted to release the pistol into my ears. The youngest child of the tofu shop, who was struck, fell to the surface of the water with his slender legs, moving loosely like a duck three times. After the ripples moved downstream for about a while according to the flow, one hand popped out in the middle of the ripples. I was holding my fist tightly. I immediately withdrew. The ripples flowed while collapsing. Saburo saw it and then cried out loudly. People gathered and saw Saburo's crying points and took a step back. He informed me well. Did your sushi Houbai fall? Don't cry, I'll help you right away. He informed me well. A man with an early consensus said so and tapped Saburo's shoulder. In the meantime, three men who were confident in swimming competed and jumped into Okawa, and began to search for the youngest of the tofu shops, each proud of their own swimming style. All three were so concerned about their swimming appearance that they neglected to search for their children, and what they finally searched for was a complete corpse.
Saburo was nothing. He also attended the funeral of the tofu shop with his father, Huangmura. At the age of ten and eleven, memories of this unknown crime began to afflict Saburo. Such a crime finally opened Saburo's lie flower to beauty. I lied to people, lied to myself, tried to erase my crimes from the world, and tried to erase them from my heart, and it became a mass of lies for a long time.
Twenty-year-old Saburo had become a mysterious and shy young man. Every time Obon came, he sighed and talked to people about his deceased mother's memories, gathering sympathy for the neighborhood. Saburo didn't know his mother. As soon as he was born, his mother died in turn. I had never even thought of my mother. I'm finally good at lying. I wrote a letter to a few students who came to Huangmura to teach me. He was most good at letters asking for remittance to his parents. For example, it was such a work. I wrote down the enlightenment, the scenery of the good things, and so on, and asked my father in my heart that there was no change, and then I wrote my errands immediately. When I first flattered him, I wrote it down, and then I wasn't good at telling him to send me money. The flattery of the beginning is broken down with a word of the last errand, and it looks really dirty. Therefore, he took the courage to start his errands as soon as possible. It should be as simple as possible. This time, a lecture on poetry begins at our cram school, and this textbook costs 22 yen if requested from the bookstore of Bokan. However, Professor Huangmura agreed to order directly from China in consideration of the economic power of the students. The actual cost is 15.80 yen. If I miss this opportunity, I will lose a little, so I will apply immediately. It was an idea that I would like you to send me 15 yen and 80 yen in a hurry. Next, I will tell you about the recent situation, which is a little bit of a mess. When I was looking out from my window yesterday, many crows fought with a single pea, and it was really brave. The day before yesterday, I took a walk on the sumi bank and found strange flowers, petals. Is small like a morning glory, big like a pea, and white like a red crow, so it's a rare thing, so I took out the roots and moved them to a pot in my room and planted them. He wrote and admitted leisurely as if he had forgotten anything. In response to this letter, my father is ashamed of his child's calm feelings and is ashamed of his heart, and smiles and sends money. Saburo's letter actually worked that way. The scribes wrote or dictated a letter to us and Saburo. When the money came, the students invited Saburo to go out to play and used every sentence. Huangmura's cram school is about to prosper. After hearing the rumors, the Edo students asked Huangmura to teach him how to write a letter from Waka-sensei.
Saburo pondered. It would be very annoying to write or dictate letters to dozens of people every day. Let's go to Azusa. I thought about how to get a lot of money from my parents and publish it as a book. However, I noticed that there was one touch in this publication. What would happen if the parent bought and perused the book? Somehow a sinful result could be expected. Saburo had to stop publishing this book. It was also because there was desperate opposition from the students. Still, Saburo did not give up his determination to write. Around that time, I decided to publish a fashionable book "Sharebon" in Edo. It was a writing that was just like Noh's pranks and deceptions, and it fits perfectly with Saburo's personality. When he was 22 years old, a few fashionable books published under the pseudonym Drunk Mudya Kakucha Kakucha-sensei sold unexpectedly. One day, Saburo casually asked Huangmura when he saw a volume of his masterpiece "Human Everything Lie is Makoto" in his father's collection. Is the messed up teacher's book a good book? Huangmura replied with a bittern. not good. Saburo taught with a laugh. That is my anonymous "Tokumei". Huangmura made a couple of high coughs to hide his dismay, and then asked in a ridiculously low voice. How lucrative it was.
The outline of the masterpiece "Human All-Around Lie is Makoto" is a description of how the shin of the old world, Mr. Kenen, crossed the world in a funny way. Even if he plays with the streets of Hanayagi, he pretends to be a noble person who is a lie or a sneak peek at the actor. The cheating is so ingenious that it's almost true, and the geisha Setsumatsusha doesn't doubt it, and he himself doesn't doubt it. If you sneak up, you will become an unobtrusive geisha and end your life in a funny way. It was written that as soon as he died, he would be replaced by an old-fashioned, unwritten frog teacher. This was a so-called "I" Saburo's private novel. Saburo's lies at the age of twenty-two were already known to God, and by the time I was about to come, they were all turned into true gold. Before Huangmura, he was a shy filial piety, before he attended a cram school, he knew a horrifying translation. There was no unnaturalness or lie.
At that time, my father, Huangmura, died. Huangmura's suicide note contained something like this. I'm a liar. A hypocrite. The farther away I was from the religion of China, the more I felt it. The reason why he was still alive was probably because of his love for his motherless child. I failed, but I wanted this child to succeed, but this child is likely to fail too. I will give this child all the coins, 500 sentences, that I have accumulated over 60 years. After reading the suicide note, Saburo turned his face blue and smiled, tearing it in two. I tore it in four again. It was torn into eight more. Huangmura, who kept a punishment for the child to prevent hunger, Huangmura, who is less concerned about royalties than the fame of the child, whispers from the neighborhood that he is hiding a golden jar under the foundation Hunger, who was whispered, had a great death after leaving the heritage of 500 sentences. It's the end of a lie. Saburo felt like he smelled the unbearable stench of the last lie.
Saburo had his father's funeral at a nearby temple of the Nichiren sect. When I listen to it for a while, I listen to the sound of the taiko drums, which feels like a barbaric rhythm, and when I listen to it for a while, I can't help but anger and impatience in that rhythm. I was able to hear that kind of ridiculous clown. Wearing a crest [# "wear" is "come" in the bottom], with the number of beads "Juzu", sit in the middle of about 10 students with their backs rounded, and sit on the edge of the tatami mat about 3 shaku in front. Saburo thinks while staring. A lie is a flatulence without sound that emanates from a crime. My lie also started from a childhood murder. My father's lies were also squeezed out of the great crimes that made people believe in my incredible religion. I lie in an attempt to cool the reality that shouldn't be heavy, but the lie gradually increases in the same amount as sake. Gradually, he vomits a deep lie, and is struck by a friendly competition, finally shining a true light. This doesn't seem to be the case for me alone. All human beings are true to lies. Suddenly, the words stuck to my skin for the first time, and I remembered them with a bitter smile. Oh, this is the pinnacle of humor. After carefully burying the bones of Huangmura, Saburo decided to live a life without lies from today. Everyone has a secret crime. Don't be afraid. I don't feel any disappointment.
Life without lies. From that word, it was already a lie. Beauty kimono is called beauty, and evil kimono is called evil. That was also a lie. There will be a lie in the heart that calls beautiful things beautiful. Saburo suffered every night, saying that it was dirty and that it was also dirty. Saburo soon found an attitude. It was the attitude of dementia "chiho" who was unwilling and apathetic. To live like the wind. Saburo left all his daily activities to the calendar. I left it to the calendar. The fun was to dream night and night. There was a view of green grass, and there was a daughter who was thrilled.
One morning, Saburo shook his head while having breakfast alone, and then put chopsticks on the table. I stood up and walked around the room about three times, then went out with my pocket. The unwilling and apathetic attitude became irresistible. This is the hell of a lie, Okuyama. I wonder why dementia that I tried consciously is not a lie. The more I try, the more I overcoat the lie. Do it yourself. The unconscious world. Saburo went to an izakaya in the morning.
When I flipped the goodwill and went inside, there were already two predecessors this early morning. Surprisingly, they were Senju Taro and Fighting Jirobei. Taro was in the southeastern corner of the table, dyeing the cheeks of his fluffy mochi skin in a drunken red color, twisting his mustache and drinking sake. Jirobei, on the other hand, camps in the northwest corner, glimmers oil on his large, swollen face, slowly turns his left hand holding the cup from behind to a large turn, and brings it to his mouth with a bite of a cup. It is absent-minded for a while, devoted to eye level. Saburo sat down in the middle of the two and began to drink. Not to mention the three, they are not old friends. Taro closes his thin eyes in half, Jirobei takes about a minute to slowly twist his neck, and Saburo uses his restless fox's eyes to snoop on each of the other two. That's why. As the sickness gradually began to develop, the three gradually approached each other. Saburo first cut his mouth when the sickness of the three people exploded at one time. I think it's something to do with drinking alcohol from the morning together. It is strange that I met a small izakaya at the same time on the same day, even though there was a basket in Edo that was said to be a foreign country. Taro yawned a lot and then replied slowly. I like alcohol so I drink it. Don't look at people's faces so much. With that said, I wiped my cheeks with a towel. Jirobei struck the table and put it on the table, and made a dent about 3 inches deep and 1 inch deep before answering. That's it. Speaking of rim, it's rim. I'm just out of prison. Saburo asked. Why did you go to prison? It's like this. Jirobei began to talk about his half-life with a sloppy voice. After I finished talking, I dropped a drop of tears in a glass of sake and swallowed it. Saburo listened to it and thought about it for a while, and when he felt like his brother, Anijabito, he made a preface, and then he was careful not to lie about his half-life. He started talking by uttering a new verse. After listening to it for a while, Jirobei finally started to fall asleep, saying that I didn't understand. However, Taro, who had been boringly yawning until then, soon began to listen with his thin eyes clearly open. At the end of the story, Taro said, Saburo-san, to take off his cheeks, but I understand your feelings. I'm Taro and I'm Tsugaru. Two years ago, I went out to Edo and hang out. I asked him if he would listen to me, and in a sleepy tone, he talked about his career in detail. Saburo shouted. I understand, I understand. Jirobei woke up because of the cry. I opened my muddy eyes and asked Saburo what was going on. Saburo was ashamed to notice his ecstasy. Ecstasy is the crystal of a lie, I tried to force myself to avoid it, but my sickness didn't let me do that. Saburo's restraining spirit came back to himself, and he became a little sick, and uttered a big lie out of his mouth no matter what. We are artists. After telling such a lie, the lie was finally getting hot. The three of us are brothers. Since I met here today, I will not leave even if I die. We are sure that our world will come now. I am an artist. I will write to the world the half-life of Mr. Senju Taro and the half-life of Mr. Jirobei, and then my half-life and three examples of how to live. Is it something to bite? The lie flame of the lie Saburo reached its extreme point from this point. We are artists. Even the royal prince is not afraid. Money is also as light as leaves in us.



Bottom book: "Osamu Dazai Complete Works 1" Chikuma Bunko, Chikuma Shobo
First print issued on August 30, 1988 (Showa 63)
Parent of the bottom book: "Complete Works of Chikuma Dazai Osamu Dazai Complete Works" Chikuma Shobo
June 1975 (Showa 50) -June 1976 (Showa 51)
Input: Takuji Shibata
Proofreading: Shigeo Kobayashi
Published July 3, 1999
Revised October 20, 2005
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
