A period of the old lord
Kanoko Okamoto

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Husband

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Several people |

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Numbers are JIS_X_0213 area area number or Unicode, base page and number of lines)
(Example) * [# Question mark exclamation mark, 1-8-77]

/ \: Double dance character (repeated symbol in the shape of a vertically lengthened "ku")
(Example) / \
* Double the dance character with dakuten is "/" \ "
-------------------------------------------------- -----

"The color of my husband's eyes has become dull these days."
The kid and the clerk of the store whispered such a secret of the master Souemon, and became a whisper. In the vast mansion of Souemon, there are dozens of merchandise stores with Iroha numbers. The total number of clerk and kid who kept each one by several people | was addressed to more than 100 people. It takes a long time for one topic that originated from one corner of the large number of people to reach the whole. And without the certainty and universality of the topic, many will always disappear in one corner, or half or one-third. I don't know when, where, and how long it took for this rumor of Soemon to spread throughout the mansion, but I've never heard of it. It has no certainty and universality. Moreover, there has never been a topic so directly related to everyone.
At that glance of Yamashiroya Soemon, the sharp eyes that even see through every corner of the mansion are the great that he gained a huge fortune as a merchant of Edo daimyo. It was refined by his commercial spirit. An event that no one can deny as the cause of his dullness, whose eyes did not easily decline as he gradually grew older-to uproot the happiness of Yamashiroya's family. A tragic event has recently suddenly appeared in Yamashiroya.
Souemon had two daughters. The upper night, Sayo, had some luster in the rustiness of Kaede. My sister's village was forever flashy and gorgeous. People envied that Souemon's happiness was unsatisfactory because he had just gained a huge fortune in his generation, and that he had up to two beautiful people who gathered that spring and autumn at one time. The two daughters-Oya was nineteen, and Sato was just seventeen this spring, with a severe acute reyomachi. I'm sorry. For the surprises of the people, let alone the Souemon couple, it was more than a surprise, and more than a sadness. His wife, Tsuji, died because of his heart disease. Tsuji has lived with Souemon for thirty years, under the stubbornness and brilliance of Souemon. Tsuji is looking forward to peeking into the room of his beloved daughters, who are squeezed by a maid and a nanny three or four times a day. At worst, it was a character that was not so noticeable as to be criticized. However, Souemon sat down in front of Tsuji's dead face with disappointment, just like the giant tree that had lost his support. Wu about the sisters of the lame / ″ \ also died after her husband, the blue of Tsuji's dead face, awkward, withered cheeks. Tsuji died at fifty.
On a cloudy afternoon in late May, Tsuji's funeral was held at Taimatsuji Temple, the husband's temple of Yamashiroya. Souemon walked through the middle of the funeral procession while being protected by Kiyonosuke, the head of the group, and his relatives.
Now, Tsuji's sleeping coffin is relaxing at the gate of Taimatsuji Temple-the old vanity of Yamashiroya Soemon secretly forms his excess of wealth in anticipation of the concubine of Ichigo. I went through the one that I brought to the top. It's been a while since I came to Soemon, and I saw this magnificent mountain gate, which somehow looks like the old color of the branches of the old pine tree, which contains the loneliness of the front yard of the temple in the background. It was. He never felt the usual pride and satisfaction of his pride and satisfaction with this mountain gate. Rather, he was relieved that the luster of the brilliant polished roof tiles was overwhelmed by the color of the low, cloudy clouds. He turned his swollen eyes away from the gate and sighed. He made as little as possible his name on the head of the donation bill on the side of the gate, as if it were the guardian of this temple gate. Prior to the careless old master, I thought of a certain face of a caretaker who was diligent in such profane things.
Taimatsuji was poor for its high temple status. Compared to the new and majestic mountain gate, the main hall is old and shabby with only a trailing hair. Tsuji's casket "Hitsugi" was placed in the middle of the tatami mat of the reddish main hall, and it looked rich and splendid. Souemon stood in a sitting position and looked around a large group of mourners who gathered in the main hall as well as a symbol of his power in this land. And I looked at Tsuji's casket again. In it, the corpse of Tsuji, who was stubborn and wilted, was a young man with a small but plump face. I remembered that Tsuji felt so blue and withered as he grew older, beside Tsuji's corpse before the coffin. At that time, he somehow thought that he had earned for decades without paying attention to the shape of his wife.
Besides the cost of the costumes to decorate the two daughters-that was rather the cost that Soemon himself was willing to pay-Tsuji's never begged for a tough husband. Soemon thought about making the casket, which is the last Tsuji's costume, splendid. A thick cypress cypress sleeping coffin was made widely so that two corpses of Tsuji could crawl in. When I put Tsuji's corpse into it in the back room of the house, one of the relatives who didn't notice, "Kanegane," said, "Tsuji-san suddenly got sick, so he got a cold." I heard my secret. Soemon, who was always angry, thought "I see" and packed various things in the empty space of the corpse. Before I knew it, Tsuji carefully stored the coral roots and put the pearl-rare cigarettes in it, and carefully hung them in the striped crepe Tanzen. Two red and white red and white crepes of Habutae, which the daughters' farewell doll, Soemon himself received from a daimyo in Edo, took the journey of death. Even for Tsuji's small feet, which he traced by himself, he made silk | tabi, and made them wear them, and even put them on a pair of shoes. Souemon helped with everything while singing in the mouth of a crab or a memorable Nembutsu. Then again, "My husband also broke my body, because I was weak because the young ladies weren't like that." Somewhere, the servants secretly dandruffed (I). Soemon knew that he had a strong will to do anything if he thought about it. Then, I felt that it was lonely again, and I stared at the casket and closed my eyes. At that time, everything was silent and he came to the temple about Tsuji's casket.
Souemon closed his eyes with a slight dizziness. Where was Tsuji's voice pleading for something? Then again, on the back of the closed eyelids, Maza / \ and his two daughters' bikkos were drawn. Souemon shook his head strongly and tried to drown it out, but instead, a strange scene that turned around the scene was drawn afterwards. After all, Tsuji's casket was still coming to the temple. It was time to get it out of the back room of my house. The two daughters who came to see the remnants of Tsuji's deathbed at the time when there weren't many people, finally got together and separated the garden. Came out of. At that time, no matter how foolish it was, people overflowed in front of and behind the casket, forming a whirlpool above and below the tatami room. It was low-pitched, but the voices of people who had been noisy until now calmed down. Souemon also suddenly looked deep into the backyard. Saya and Sato of pure white "Shiromuku" are now out of the shadow of the sparsely flowered gardenia jasminoides, and the side of Tsukubai surrounded by Tsukubai [# "Tsuhabuki" as an emphasis mark]. It has just appeared in. Two young and strong servants are on the left and right--both sister and sister are thin, but taller than humans, with the power of both hands on the shoulders of the two servants. He brings one leg, which has a slight amount of freedom, to his awakening. One old woman wearing a black crest, one small woman | Then, the magnified image of the two daughters passed between the quiet people and approached Tsuji's sleeping coffin. Souemon stood up in a hurry. And he hurriedly ordered the casket to cover a high platform. Both the people and the daughters were taken aback. Souemon tried not to let his daughter sit there. This is because when you sit down, your lower body becomes a stagnation of a shallow and strange thing that throws out one unbent leg. The casket just reached the daughters' breasts. The daughters approached the casket again. My sister and sister were lined up side by side with a framed "Nukazu" ... Two white-feathered double-sleeved furisode "Furisode", let's both stretch their supple necks and squeeze themselves In response to that beat, he slipped on the shoulder of a round elder sister and opened it long to the left and right like the wings of a crane ... People spit on this pure luster. It's a drink. The girls kept silent and cried for a while. When I raised my face, the tears of a ball spilled from their cheeks. The light of the black hair that was pulled up and the luster of the excellent eyebrows are today, which suits the thick makeup of the two people who are dressed up by the old woman who is a maiden of the palace. Is even more elegant in its appearance without the single red "Beni". Especially these days, I was disappointed with my melancholy, and my younger sister's daughter, Fujibita, was so sadly looked at by Souemon.


The sound of a low rounded bell echoed in every corner of the main hall. The recollection of Souemon, who had a dream, was discontinued. He hurriedly opened his eyes. The sutra chanting is about to begin. An old master of Taimatsuji went to Shizu / \ in front of the casket, following 56 companions. Souemon slammed his eyes many times and looked at the old master's Nibi [# "Nibi" side-point] colored robe from behind. The light of the candle in front of the Buddha flickered on the thin baldness on the back of the old master's head. Souemon usually secretly reveals his favorite smile. The old master is three or four years younger than Souemon. Souemon still has no baldness even with gray hair. Although he is a well-known priest, he always seems to be poor. Was also thought of as humorous. However, in today's Soemon, the color of the old master's Nhibi [# "Emphasis mark"] looks somehow precious.
"It's strange, I'm weird too."
Souemon spoke to himself in his stomach.


In the summer, the two daughters were yes / \ beautiful. Mono no aware, along with the beauty of the past, was accompanied by a lustrous shadow. However, even though I wore the same flashy shrunk yukata this year, I spilled the ball's heel from the moha and its hem and firefly hunting. I couldn't walk to the firefly and the cool tin in the garden. Forming a strange ugly sledge on their lower body, the two sledged into the living room of a detached house. It's boring and annoying-but I didn't put it in my mouth so much, and they wiped off the sweat on their beautiful forehead.
"Look at it, this morning there are nine crimson, six purple, four apertures and seven white, and then the lapis lazuli color ..."
The old woman had a small woman carry a brass ear basin, which was well polished, to Takeen. The morning glory flowers such as red, purple, lapis lazuli, white, and squeezed flowers that have been torn off from the basin are like a small umbrella with dozens of unpatterned patterns. It floats on the surface of the water. The old woman remembered this morning's pleasure while working at a daimyo mansion when she was young.
"Oh, my husband"
The little girl said after the old woman 《Rohi》. Everyone gathered on the surface of the water and raised their eyes. Souemon wearing an old kibira [# "emphasis mark"] walks slowly to the main building "Omoya" along the small path "Komichi" in the garden.
"Unusual"
The old woman wrinkled her face and smiled.
"Well, dad"
The quiet night was a happy nostalgia. I wasn't there in Niwaka and tried to fix the mahi. However, the sensitive village had something to do with my heart. The village was quiet and quiet. Souemon stood on the largest stepping stone in the front yard and smiled rustily.
"Well, it's rare"
The old woman tried to invite Souemon to the tatami room.
This morning again, the beauty of the two daughters increased every time he saw it. Isn't the inverse proportion of the ugly lower half appearing more and more in the upper body? The ironic beauty is shown by Souemon. The pain of Souemon looking at the upper body of the beautiful girls was no different from the pain of looking at the ugly lower half.
Souemon stopped visiting the rooms of the "Hey" daughters one after another because of this pain. He refused to visit the daughters who had no mother and had no more luck.
"Otofu-sama, how did you play?"
Oya nostalgicly looked up at his father.
"It seems that the business is busy. Besides, my mother died, and the house is also sick ..."
Souemon was fooled when he looked at the village with his eyes down.
"Oh, the morning glory is beautiful."
When I looked up a little from the ear basin 《Mimidarai》, there was a strange leg of Oya-Souemon, and on the contrary, I looked up at the old woman's face.
"How are you both doing well every day?"
Souemon was just visiting this place four days ago in the evening. For ten years since my daughters moved from the busy Tsuji's hand to the raised maid's hand and lived in this remote house, I'm sure to go back to the mansion twice in the morning and evening. Soemon dropped in at this room. Sometimes I got drunk at nightcap, but when I got into and out of Edo, I was neglected in the business of the store. What is the busyness of "these days" to the old woman? I didn't understand.
"My husband, Danna, is going to Taimatsuji Temple these days."
I heard from the shop staff, but even so, I couldn't accept that I would only go to the grave of my wife and woman until I was estranged from my daughters.
"My husband, will you start at Taimatsuji Temple again?"
"No, nothing"
Souemon erased the words of the old woman for some reason.
"Father, let's play"
Oya gave the little girl a linen cushion.
"Ah, thank you, I'm grateful to you, I have to go out again soon."
When Souemon sat down on the cushion at the edge facing the garden, he felt the sharp gaze of the village looking up at his father for the first time in his profile.
(Everything is intuition about the village)
Souemon, who loved the village of Rihatsu more, is now scarier than anyone else. Eventually it became some hatred. Saya was pitiful, and his legs, which he had accidentally turned to a remote house, stopped tightly in consideration of his village. The business calculation was slowed down, and the eyesight to look around the warehouses was struck, but the color of Souemon's eyes staring at the house from a distance without being known was shining strangely. A variant of the beautiful Yue and the ugly daughters, "Igyo", was attached to Souemon's mysterious delusion of hardship.
Souemon woke up one night. Souemon was sleeping alone in the large ten tatami mats. The remnants of the rain that fell on the evening, "Nagori", struck the roof with a drop of wood. It was hot and humid, so Souemon took off his nightwear and got up to smoke. I sat on the floor and picked up the smoke tube at the bedside. When I pulled it in, I hate it, and the burial fire of the cigarette basin disappeared, so I turned my knees toward the lanterns andon-naturally, the people who left the house immediately. He turned to him. -
(Shimatsuta!)
He scolded himself at his throat. For Souemon, the two daughters of "Moha" and "Recently" were delusional demons. The detached house was exactly the home of the delusional, Sumika. Once again, Oya and Sato, and occasionally, as an example of a dead Tsuji, went around in front of Souemon / \ as an example of a variant.
Souemon laid down a cigarette and started singing the confession of the confession, "Sangemon," which was taught by the old master of Taimatsuji in the beginning of summer.
[# Indent 3 characters from here]
My old-fashioned mischief
Obedient language meaning student, all of us now confess
[# End of indentation here]
After this singing was over, and after a tour of the illusions of the daughters, all kinds of swords in the mansion began to dance in front of him. Black-painted soy sauce storehouse, wainscot armor miso storehouse, and other tough stone-made rice storehouses and bean storehouses.
He continued to recite the sutra in a slightly louder voice this time. However, with just one blink, the illusions of the daughters came to me again.
As the voice of the sutra chanting became louder, the daughters disappeared, and this time, the ghosts of the head kid of the store, Hata [# "Hata" and the emphasis mark], were in front of me. I started to dig.
There was also a kid who had his eyelids squeezed [# "Betsukatsu" as an emphasis mark], and he was dismissed as an intangible man because of a mistake in his face, because he was a low-headed old man. The envious face of an old man also appears.
When Souemon got up with Fura / \, he became a sea urchin. However, I barely stepped on the spicy "Karo" and sneaked into the futon again. Then, I became a formal chanting stance. I continued to recite the previous confession.


Souemon has been a Buddhist disciple of Taimatsuji since the beginning of summer. It's been about a month since Tsuji died. One day, Aruhi Souemon broke his innate patience and knelt under the knees of an old master at Taimatsuji. He wasn't suddenly religious. He was so lonely and painful that he had some means of saving himself, even though he was a utilitarian philosopher who had an old master who was a sentient being. At that time, the old master sat behind the shoji, which was lit by the sunny afternoon of the rainy season. The peony "peony" was in full bloom in the courtyard. Since Souemon's funeral, Souemon has been thinking that the color of the old master's calyx [# "navi" is a side point] is precious. I deepened that feeling even more today. However, I couldn't immediately express my feelings. The old master first thought of the misfortune of Souemon's daughters. Then I thought about the death of his wife Tsuji.
"Well, your heart is usually understood by me. Sometimes it comes and is considered."
The old master smiled and made the little boy carry tea.
Since then, rumors about Souemon's Taimatsuji Michihi have risen inside and outside the Soeda family. Souemon went on to win by leaving the business to the leader one after another.


Summer was also dandruff / \ I went dandruff. The rudimentary causal retribution theory of Buddhism came to the ears of Souemon. The old master asked Souemon if he could think that the bad karma of the past, "Akugo," had appeared as a result of his daughter's anomaly.
"I don't remember having abandoned a person's life or grabbing a person's goods."
Souemon sought out his constant stubbornness and spoke to most of the old masters in a rebellious tone. The old master waved his hand and quietly preached.
"It's different, it's a burden that is invisible to the eye, and it's a work that doesn't appear in shape. I don't know if it's possible. "
Souemon was crushed under the heavy tone of the old master.
"I wonder if I'm going to go to the throne. I know that I'm a stubborn person. I didn't think it was bad, though. "
"Then why aren't you satisfied with just that amount of money, no matter what happens to your daughters, your wife and woman will die for that ..."
Souemon bowed his head.
"Then, Master, how can I do the work?"
"Now, if it's a work that you don't see in your eyes and that you don't commit in terms of shape, you have no choice but to gradually return it with your heart. If you sing this from the bottom of your heart, the heart of confession will one day sneak into your past, present, and future, and your bad karma will naturally perish. "
Souemon was the first to search for an invisible business cause in his past.
The ancestors of Souemon were in a senior position in the Hokkoku clan. However, because of a scandal, the feudal clan met Gakai, and became a poor farmer in the grassy Musashino Musashino. Souemon's parents died early because of their misfortune. Even if he was born into a samurai family, the orphan Soemon did not receive any discipline or scent, and his sympathy for the village made him a lifespan of up to 89 years old. I just extended. Then, he was killed by a kid from a merchant in Edo. He was courageous, stubborn, and energetic, so he made his master a little sushi, and even though he was hated by his fellow sushi, he steadily overtook others. In this way, he was less than 20 years old and was no longer recognized by the servants of Moha and the daimyo who came and went as his extraordinary business talent and diligence. Not only that, but even though he is uneducated and stubborn, he has a crease that consists of a sword | discipline, and is a kind of talent for hospitality to the samurai family. I had a discipline. Now he overwhelmed the crowd and tried to get the sovereignty of the store by pulling out the veteran head. Suddenly, the husband and wife died at the same time due to the epidemic. The store soon collapsed. Many servants also naturally separated. But most of the time, he was the center of the store, and he couldn't simply retire. Tsuji, a daughter whose husband left alone, naturally came into his hands, became his wife, and handed over his master's strengths to the most out of his head, who retired at an old age. Nothing happened, so the result naturally came to him.
The advantage of his land in the western suburbs of Edo was also fortunate to him. He demonstrated his energy, sturdiness and courage. The number of daimyo who are good at increasing the number of daimyo who are good at five times, seven times, ten times, as the years go by, and more than twenty horsepower cars are from dozens of warehouses lined up in his vast mansion. I loaded up and left for Edo every day. When Sanri went back and forth to Edo, the shadow of the cargo was not lost every day. Hundreds of male and female employers were crowded around him, from the Edo area to the far end of the northern part of Saigoku. He was healthy and forgot to grow old. My wife was obedient and my daughters grew up beautifully ...
He can only think of his path of development and happiness as a natural reward from his thirty years of diligence and discipline. He picked up a bill of confession and felt some complaints-even though he had some regrets and pity for his wife at his wife's funeral. I felt the bottle. However, at that time, it was enough to compensate for that degree. | In memory, he did it--he also had a section that was not harsh to the servants. Not absent. However, in the end, it only dismisses the gangsters and disciplines them, and the compensation should be fully compensated by giving preferential treatment to good-quality servants ... … Whatever it is, what is so terrible that it is the cause of the business that has been haunted by my current destiny * [# Question mark exclamation mark, 1- 8-77]
"Well, it doesn't matter, too much, don't put that thought in one place. If you get too stiff, you'll always have a delusion, and it's a problem if your daughters look like delusions. Forget anything. Well, it's okay to make it carefree for a while, and if you feel too sick, read that confession. "
The old master calmed down Souemon, who couldn't understand even if he heard a more difficult doctrine, with the current situation.
Souemon was at one point familiar with the difficult scriptures, quickly found out something, and tried to save him somehow. However, he had a list of characters that were difficult for him to read. I couldn't help saving his current troubles. When he was at home He was always reluctant to talk to his two daughters. These days, my two daughters' thoughts about my father, who wasn't sane, were the seeds of his ignorance. But what lifted him to the height of horror was that he had to see the variant of his two daughters at all times.
The two did not come out of the remote house at all. Even so, he felt that he was away from home as soon as he was at home [# "Kehahi" is an emphasis mark]. The back of the small diameter Komichi in the backyard | The gap between the Tsukubai Tsukubai and the gardenia jasminoides, and the low-style detached house ridge. That's what he sees every day. In the end, he went away with his daughters. I've run out of excuses for Moha and my daughters. His morbidly weakened nerves gradually lost their appearance and fictional power to their daughters. He turned away from the appearance of the servants who came to use from a remote house.
The enormous amount of money that was raised every day from the prosperous business was also annoying to him. He rushed to admit something that seemed to be a cause of business to him. However, one of the many warehouses in his mansion does not have a single pillar. What's in a day | What's a stone | What's a bale? A pestle and a mortar in a granary that pulls out a bale. But I wonder if I've crushed it ... nothing. Nobody, nobody, no matter what. Over thirty years ago, in this mansion where I cleaned myself and laid the foundation, why such a shallow delusional demon-No, what is the cause of the pitiful daughters? Did it appear as a variant? Most of his life, the houses, the mansions, and the warehouses, are now ramblingly to blame his hatred and complaints. He often went to Taisho-ji just because he didn't want to stay at home. I didn't feel at ease if I didn't go.
"Old master, let me rebuild the main hall."
Souemon offered.
"Thank you, but, for me, there are a lot of" many "in this main hall, and for one thing, this old-fashioned place is my taste, and then I and this main hall are exceptional. There is also a connection. "
The old master gently rejected Souemon's words. However, the old master was unhappy about the situation of Soemon at this time. The difficult doctrines and koan do not save him. Come to the temple and come to the main hall and the kuri. If it's okay to comfort him just by doing something in between, the old master always turned his gentle face toward him.
Souemon brought a candle from his house and, at random, raised the votive candle in front of the Buddhist altar. When I found the thick southern sky, I chopped it up and polished it to make some keys. I sent a good amount of sweets to the Buddhist altar and the old master. Shimahi didn't stop even in the yard room. There was a kid who was quiet and quiet, and he brewed tea in a sloppy manner, and he often ate it at Souemon. He carried a futon from his house in the light summer. Then, spend half a day in a nap in the cool Kuri, and go home in the evening. The villagers, who often see him, have long turned their antipathy towards his powers into geometric sympathy. His heart was dark as he returned home from Taimatsuji. It was scary. I was ramblingly annoyed. He closed the shutters on the visible side of the roof of the detached house in Okuzashiki tightly early in the evening of the height of summer.


From the evening of autumn, Souemon built a small retreat next to the temple room, which was a basket. The caretaker of the temple also saw his heart and did not speak loudly. The villagers didn't even try to be suspicious. However, there were many who said that Souemon Tae was a little distracted. Souemon came home once every three days, and it was only a vague patrol of a part of the mansion.
I didn't even think about the daily cashier book that my head brought with me. Very rarely, it was hot to hear what the scary girls were doing. However, none of the staff at the store, including the head of the store, talked about it in great detail. In fact, the whereabouts of the daughters were not known in great detail to the store. I knew that I was a master. Every time Souemon felt something wrong / \. However, I was relieved again.
Souemon came to the temple and soon after he encountered a difficulty. On the mural painting on the wall between the yard and the Kuri, there was an image of a female Bodhisattva, who could never have been in the hands of anyone. One day, "Aruhi" was at nightfall in autumn. Souemon was completely fascinated by it and stood there. The female Bodhisattva strangely stimulated Souemon's sexual desire. The image of the Bodhisattva was life-sized. Who drew it so well? Its plump cheeks, supple nose, and thin lips that are not too tight. The half-opened eyes are drawn for a long time with a piece of the sea tide [# "emphasis mark" on the side point], and the light ink eyebrows that follow it obediently. Those "ra" are reflected in the light of the white urna "byakugo" of the wide rounded forehead "hitai", and the anti-kae is to increase the luster "enya", or the part of them. I wonder if the woman's feelings are hidden in the part, and he is a mere luster and a humor in the beautiful paintings of the masters who have been so far. I have never been so fascinated by what I showed. Gloss will live for the first time after purifying the cleanliness / \ I wonder if the color will deepen.
In the darkening dark color, this female Bodhisattva statue lived and approached Souemon. Hold the ends of the lines flowing from the round shoulders and align the petals to "Soro" -the fingers that naturally remind you of the flesh-colored light red, the fluttering Rai on the supple lower body Even in the shadow of one of the folds, / \, there was an indescribable feeling. Souemon's sexual desire at that time was not just physical inferiority. A longing for a woman he had hardly felt, couldn't get, and didn't want to ask--he's so sweet that his chest is squeezed. Sadly / \ I went all the way. He knelt there. He fell into the mysterious ecstasy that he felt for the first time by nature. When I opened my eyes again, there was darkness in front of him. He gently touched the wall. Coolly-perhaps in a hurry, he rushed into his room, waving at the strange touch.
(I'm about punishment)
He sank by the fire pot. The room was pitch black. There is no sound outside the tightly closed room. A couple of fire swords that bite the ashes of the fire pot, the romantic lights in the dreams of the distant past or future, drew his thoughts.
Soemon had a young body for the age of more than fifty, but who added to his opponent a kind of oppressive opposition to his stubbornness and courage? But no one got the feeling of lewdness from him. In fact, I could have told him that there were few innate traces. When I was in the main house of Edo, when I was just a kid, once I became a young man, I was forced to go to a prostitute by being invited by my friends and seniors. He had just satisfied some of his sexual curiosity there, and couldn't have any stuff in his mind. Rather, as more and more squirrels [# "emphasis marks on squirrels"] became more and more repulsive, they were no longer tempted by other people. After that, I was wondering about the cute girl who was the daughter of a carpenter who was the master's booth messenger. However, the pride of the samurai's lineage one day made him stern and dismissed his concerns. This is because he was the daughter of a poor carpenter. His wife, Tsuji, also felt that his daughter, the daughter of the main family, had only eased his pride, and that he had made the ordinary daughter of the townhouse, for convenience, just a wife. .. So, has he spent decades in his prime, satisfied with one or no negative Tsuji? No, there was nothing in his heart that was the shadow of a woman.
During the Chinomi era of my daughters, I hate the light and the nanny (Uba) who had been in the house for about half a year (now I don't like to think of the house for the sake of the nanny). However, he was 256, and was the return daughter of a certain merchant house. It was a flashy beauty that brightened the area. What's more, his temper was chin-like, and he nodded that he was taken out of his married family. Then, I found a rare and pretty Karen Naura [# aside from "Ura"] lonely, and somewhere "Aikyo", a charming work, and a little girl. I also had a chance to do it. However, the former is a calculation that the house will not be disturbed | Kiyuu, and the latter, his pride in the example, kept him one by one without making any mistakes. .. The work was the daughter of a shabby rice bowl "Kometsuki" man in Kura.
When I think about it, there is only one woman who kneels down in the ecstasy that he really has the satisfaction and love of his body and soul in the way that his long life has passed. It wasn't. Souemon was sad. The fascination of love, which was not spent on a woman who lived for a long time in his long life, is now in the hands of this miserable situation of this old man. I wasn't sure if I could be struck by the female Bodhisattva, a piece of image that I couldn't even hear her voice.
(Is this also due to some business cause)
Souemon closed his eyes and sank deep into the darkness.


Since that time, Souemon has decided not to pass in front of the Narutake Female Bodhisattva. However, if I didn't go there twice or three times a day, the freedom of this temple in Souemon would definitely be taken up. So, Souemon decided to pass in front of him by either turning away from his face or by meditating. In the meantime, I simply thought that I would be able to return to my feelings toward the mural paintings, which I had never known before, without knowing that mysterious ecstasy. Souemon enforced it and went for five days and seven days. And from the tenth to the half moon-it was no good.
At any time, Souemon Ahida, who was a little bit at the beginning, thought that it was successful. I thought that if five days had passed, it would be easy to do something like this. Next, I opened my closed eyes slightly narrowly. Then, the line at the hem of the image was blurred, and I just saw a few | Cun, and Souemon's chest was a little fluttering [# "Emphasis mark"]. Thinking that he couldn't do it yet, Souemon closed his eyes. However, only the crush remained in my chest, and no matter how much I closed my eyes, it was useless. This time, as soon as I turned the corner of the room, Souemon turned to the side. On top of that, I closed my eyes tightly. But don't be angry. As soon as he was in front of the mural, he began to feel the cheeks of the female Bodhisattva. One after another, the eyebrows, lips, nose, forehead, round and gentle shoulder lines, and the folds of the kimono that are full of fascination [# "folds"]- -And his chest was just shallow and disturbed. One day his adventures were not only unsuccessful, but almost driven him into an unsupported valley.
He ordered the temple cleaning | Auntie "Baba" to completely release the window shoji "Mado Shoji" in front of the image, and left it clean on all sides. He often wiped himself with cold water to cleanse himself. And I put on the new underwear I ordered from my home.
Kagerofu was also present at noon on a warm and sunny winter day. He opened his eyes and approached the image of the Bodhisattva in a quiet manner.
(Look at it. Look at it in the bright light of the white sun and awaken your dreams.)
He strictly ordered his heart. The image was gently and brightly displayed in front of him in the light beam of this shining work. He stopped at the front two shaku and looked up at the image.
Unexpected peace of mind and a refreshing breeze, I wondered if I could feel the spaciousness of my chest by paying the face. ――Two minutes, three minutes, five minutes ..., Souemon lay down in front of the mural with a faint writhing. The energy of his body, with all the pleasures and fears, is strongly squeezed into something and diverges to somewhere, while the mural is even more bold in the daytime. He expanded his fascination with Riri and Namameki and approached Soemon's eyebrows.


Since then, for a couple of days, he has been suffering from a painful passion and has not been able to eat or sleep. And when it gradually went away, he went to the point where he was afraid. He chanted the Nembutsu from the sky, but rarely went out of his room, so he suddenly went in and out of the toilet that was dedicated to his room. .. In the room, I was mostly silent and put charcoal into the furnace. Even those who bring books from the store have become enthusiastic and noisy.
He almost never went to the old master's room. The old master sometimes visited his Yoko with a mystery. However, he put charcoal into the furnace without saying anything. One of his recent shame was that he couldn't talk to the old master at all. When he met the old master, he finally felt the "unrevealable burden".
To relieve that burden, and to keep away from the temptation of images that are approaching him, and for his thoughts, he was the first in the spring of the following year, at the temple. I moved to the corner of the field behind. I called an elderly couple to cook rice from my house. The field was owned by Souemon. He collected the roots of the scary peony from all over the world. A planter came from afar and stayed there, hiring him to help the village peasant. In early summer, peony flowers bloomed all over the field. I was amazed at the villagers and even the old master who was unmoving. A smile emerged from the bottom of Souemon's bitterness. He muttered out of nowhere.
"It's a memorial service to the Buddha."
He also had some reassurance to disperse my family's products, which may eventually become a cause of business, in this way.
The land owned by others around the temple was transferred to Souemon one after another at a surprisingly high price.
Fuji, Ayame, Chrysanthemum, Lotus. The cherry blossoms, maple trees, and peaches all showed seasonal peaks one after another. The surroundings of the temple were splendidly made into a part of the paradise painting with an elephant. However, Souemon's heart was uncomfortable. No, rather, it was going to be rough. There was also a day when I walked with a piece of English "Hanabusa" that was carefully tailored. There was also a day when the door of the retreat was closed and the outside scenery was blinded. People were pleased with the scenic view around the temple. However, at the same time, Souemon's madness was raised to "finally" and "rumors".
At the beginning of the third year, when the plum blossoms began to bloom, the president of the Soeda family, who was a relative of the Soeda family, appeared at Taimatsuji Temple. ｜ Described the articles of bankruptcy, and also requested the old master to return to Soemon's home after reporting the sudden illness of his daughter Oya. .. It was almost at the same time that Souemon complained to the old master about his last treatment, which had reached the extreme of devastation and fatigue. Of course, the feelings of avoidance for the daughters left at home and the feelings of jealousy for the material-oriented family business were expressed as usual. For the first time, the shame of the mural painting was what the old master heard. Until he dared to confess it, the grief of the old master was imminent. The old master listened to both statements and complaints. Then, both sides promised to take everything under their own instructions.
"Don't avoid reality, just face it and enjoy the true nature of life. The strength to really live comes from there."
This was easy to understand and translated into a simple translation, and the old master made Souemon get acquainted with it. As a concrete means, the living room of Souemon was moved from the flower field of the temple to the immediate vicinity of the disabled daughters. He faced the disability by paying a delusion, and he was trying to confirm the existence of the disability and stare at it.
"To make good use of desires"
This was translated into an easy-to-understand manner and explained to the Soeda family relatives. Immediately, he sought out a suitable second wife for Souemon in every direction, both himself and his relatives.
"To fulfill the mission of individuality, to the family business adapted to one's own ability, there is no discrimination between good and evil."
As long as this was applied to Souemon, he had to hurry back to the family business.
In the early summer of that year, Souemon went to a famous remote hot spring with his new wife and two disabled daughters. After staying for more than a month, his health and the health of Saya after illness recovered little by little.
He was in the family business again. Family luck has returned to the old look. The flower garden of the temple bloomed every year in four seasons. In the early summer of a certain year, the peony "Botan" showed a particularly splendid peak. The Soeda family's flower feast was held there. Inside the manmaku curtain, the old master of Taimatsuji is in front, and the disabled daughters are lined up on the left and right of Soemon himself. His second wife sat down. In addition, a group of relatives and a large number of villagers were also invited.
Souemon Tae became more silent and thinner than before-it did not indicate that he was declining in old age. Underneath his epithelium, a lively and calm force shined lonely.
[# Indent from here]
(Postscript)
At the end of the dynasty, human sensuality and emotions due to the maturity of culture developed further, and in reality, while pursuing flesh with a high degree of aesthetic sense, the pleasure extreme matsu Passing through the sorrowful culture, people and the anxieties of self-reliance invite the noble ambitions of the quest in inverse proportion. In order to meet the harmony of these two desires, I came to Buddhism with the transformation of Iro / \, but inside it, I satisfied my sensual lust, and through that, the eternal calm of the soul. Religious equipment, which is a sensory object, was the most timely to peep into.
Nama / \ A beautiful woman who is incredibly beautiful, and who also draws out infinity, Kisshoten, Gigeiten, and Benzaiten. Benzaiten and other celestial maiden-shaped statues were created to take away the fashion of the Buddha | Bodhisattva statue, and some of them remain today, inconsistent with how humanity is. It makes me think that it is a meaningful sum of matches, but the female bodhisattva seen by Soemon at Taimatsuji is a bodhisattva to the body and the body. There is no difference, but the purpose of the drawing is exactly the old painting that draws a genealogy to the celestial maiden type of the above-mentioned era.
[# End of indentation here]



Bottom book: "Japanese Fantasy Literature Collection 10 Kanoko Okamoto" Kokusho Kankokai
January 23, 1992 (Heisei 4) First edition first print issued
Parent of the bottom book: "Kanoko Okamoto Complete Works Vol. 4 Novel" Fuyukisha
March 18, 1974 (Showa 49)
* The bottom book is a large scale of "ga" (ward number 5-86) used for counting things and place names.
* Rubi is a new pseudonym, and the ruby's yoon and sokuon are written in small letters in line with the treatment of the original.
Input: Hiroshi Kadota
Proofreading: Mitsuhiro Yuchi
Created on February 22, 2005
Revised January 16, 2016
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
