Cooking and tableware
Rosanjin Kitaoji

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Fashionable
-------------------------------------------------- -----

Recently, food has been attracting attention from various directions, and discussions about food have become active. Especially from the aspect of nutrition, it became popular to make loud statements about the composition and amount of food. However, for ordinary people who can eat what they like, whether they are children or the sick, no matter how much such discussions are done, they are of no use.
Therefore, it is rather natural that the word nutritional food was used as a synonym for bad food. From our point of view, nutritional food is nothing to cook.
Human food is different from horse and cow food. Because humans cook and eat food. It goes without saying that cooking is a job to eat things well. However, I wouldn't give a lecture on cooking again so far. The only thing I would like to mention is that, for that reason, various knowledgeable doctors and cooking experts are discussing cooking, but as one of them, they have a clear view of cooking and tableware. It means that there is nothing that states.
Needless to say, cooking would not be possible without tableware. In ancient times, food was eaten on the leaves of Kashiwa, but the fact that it was already placed on the leaves of Kashiwa clearly shows the need for tableware. If an early story is served with a dish called curry rice on a newspaper, probably no one will try to eat it. The reason is, needless to say, the curry rice on the newspaper seems to be ugly, and unpleasant associations come to mind. If it's just curry rice itself, it shouldn't change whether you put it on a clean plate or put it on a newspaper. Regardless of that, the curry rice on a beautiful plate gladly eats it, and the curry rice on the newspaper feels chills and frowns in cooking. It can be said that there is much to say about how important the tableware plays.
Everyone has this kind of feeling, but the more you become a gourmet or a foodie, the sharper it becomes. The more you really understand the taste of things, the more noisy you are at cooking, and the more noisy you are at cooking, the more noisy you are at cooking. This is also natural.
However, while many modern professionals are talking about cooking, there is no point in looking at the tableware, either because they have no knowledge of cooking or because they really do not know what cooking is. I wonder.
If the above is understood, various things will be understood one after another. From the point of view of the person who cooks, I want to put my own dishes on such tableware, and when I use such tableware, I have to make the dishes like this, so to speak, think about the cooking as a whole including the bowl From this, the insight becomes wider and higher.
From a different perspective, it can be said that the times when there were good dishes were the times when there were good dishes and the times when cooking was advanced. In that sense, the present age is not an advanced era of cooking. This is because good tableware has not been born.
Some people often say that Chinese food is the best in the world. Also, people who don't know anything trust it and think so. However, from my point of view, it was in the Ming dynasty that Chinese food truly boasted the best in the world, and not today, as you can see from the Chinese tableware. The most artistic development of tableware in China was in the Ming dynasty, whether it was old-dyed or red-painted. It is out of the question in modern times. On the contrary, there is little that we are impressed with Chinese food today.
If you look at the tableware, you can almost guess the contents of the dish. The gorgeous color and appearance of Chinese tableware, the cleanliness of Western tableware, and the elegance of Japanese tableware not only show the characteristics of each dish, but also the country. It makes me see even the first time.
In this way, cooking and tableware are inseparable from any direction, so to speak, they have a close relationship like a married couple. The reason why I see cooking as only the taste that I feel at the tip of my tongue is that I still do not know the true cooking. If you want to eat well, you have to choose the tableware that accompanies it as you cook. Of course, the cooking is accompanied by the tatami room to eat and the decoration between the floors, but it is the first item that today's cooks must first be aware of the closest tableware. Let's go.
What is good food and what is good tableware is an immediate problem, but it is regrettable that the general public today has not even made it a problem.



Bottom book: "Rosanjin's Gourmet Notebook" Gourmet Bunko, Kadokawa Haruki Office
First print issued on April 18, 2008 (Heisei 20)
Parent of the bottom book: "Rosanjin Works" May Shobo
Published in 1993 (Heisei 5)
First appearance: "Hoshioka"
1931 (Showa 6)
Input: Hiroshi Kadota
Calibration: noriko saito
Created December 4, 2009
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
