Saito Ryokuu
Roan Uchida

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Saito Ryoku "Saito Ryoku"

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Death |

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Numbers are JIS X 0213 area area number or Unicode, base page and number of lines)
(Example) * [# "Clam making", 3rd level 1-14-6]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

Saito Ryoku was the author of Edokko rather than the irony of a lifetime farewell to the self-advertisement of the death, "I'm dying to be noticeable as of today. It was the last spark of Kasei Gesaku literature because I had the last spit of the fashion. After the green rain, true Edokko literature has disappeared.
Autumn leaves also follow the tradition of the Edo kid author, but even though they were children of commoners, they grew up in the Shizoku town of Yamanote and breathed the air of the university. Green rain was born in a samurai's house, but grew up in the downtown area and was immersed in the mood of Edo. The last death of green rain The self-advertisement is a style peculiar to the Edo kid author who is common with the death poem of Mima "Samba", 19 "Ikku" and other Edo authors, and green rain is dead. Even at that moment, I felt good and sang the view of life of the Edo gesaku artist Ukiyozo.
I heard that this green rain death self-advertisement and the military god of Lushunkou | Hirose's naval funeral advertisement were adjacent to each other, but this is what it really is. It would be a coincidence irony. The green rain was probably satisfied with the last spitting of the sword, and the eyes and lips were struck with [# horizontal composition] and "Sneer" [# horizontal composition end]. It would have been grinning and greasy under the moss. Even if he died, he was in the same line as the hero of the "Ima Naruzo" section, and he said, "It's a sign of the first generation of green rain whose life is a song."
The expression of [# horizontal composition] "Sneer" [# horizontal composition end] on the eyes and lips of the green rain was one of the best in the world. Looking closely at Noh, it wasn't a very good man's swing, but this [# horizontal composition] "Sneer" [# horizontal composition end] is a thin face without a beard. When it was filled with "Mote", it was lively and lively, and it seemed to be a hateful feeling for people, and it seemed to be a distress. However, Senryo of Green Rain was actually this [# horizontal composition] "Sneer" [# horizontal composition end]. It's an epigram, with a chilly smile on his eyes and lips, silently listening to people's talk, and sometimes with a low-lying, transparent voice. He grinned when he spit out a warning that stabbed him.
When I look at Ryokuu's essays, such as "Remembering Book," I can't help but admire the series of epigrams, but when I talk to Ryokuu, I'm good at these epigrams. Horizontal composition] "Sneer" [# Horizontal composition end] often occurred suddenly. Ryokuu uttered a warning that we, the blunt people, couldn't do everything in a row. Epigrams are the genius's greatest weapon, and Oscar Wilde and the meter rank are the power of epigrams in the middle of their popularity. Soho, Soseki, and Ryunosuke Akutagawa are all clever epigram makers. However, the refreshing bones and skin of the green rain, the body with a squeaky eye, the smirk of the lips that are incessant, and the sword are all in harmony with the epigram. It was. Nothing, green rain breeze * [# "Making a clam", 3rd level 1-14-6] "Fubo", personality, voice, facial expressions, etc. were all sharp and sharp like a scalpel. It was a reification of the green rain epigram.
I first learned about green rain in the summer of 1902 when I was playing in a hot spring area and suddenly received a letter from green rain. At that time, I knew the name of Honest Shotayu, who was called "Moppa", since "Novel | Hachimune", which was first published by Midori Ame around 22nd year. (This "Novel Hachimune" appears at the end of "Amagaeru".) Therefore, I hurriedly opened it, thinking that the man who was selling this irony gave me a Donna letter. When I looked at it, it was a strangely changed phrase, and it was completely unpleasant. However, at the end of that time, the danrin school haiku "Danrin Hokku" became popular, so he said that he made one and saw it. I read it and said, "I want to be given." At that time, Shiki Masaoka was a mada student and did not appear in the world, and the autumn leaves were covered with Awashima Kangetsu, and the world was blown away with a sloppy talk like "I pulled out the lightning bolt and the two shakuhachi Solya." It was an era when I was wrapped in smoke. Apart from this era, I'm not interested in this phrase of green rain, but the tone of the moon-falling crow was skillfully cursed by the new haiku style of the time, especially. "Reading without breathlessness" was a chilling crow that struck the illness of Danrin.
Green rain first asked for my boarding house in early winter of that year. At that time, he was honestly Shotayu rather than green rain. What impressed me deeply was "Novel Hachimune," which I admitted to be an amazing genius, but honestly, I was a vaudeville entertainer in the name of Shotayu. I imagined that he would be a man who was a rakugo storyteller, Imasuke, and Kazabun, who were on sale at the time. I'm afraid I'm a man with this kind of appearance. I've heard rumors about it, but before I met him, I had a crush on him while fluttering a fan of a commuter. I thought he was a man. However, one morning, I suddenly went through a stab, so when I met him, I saw a black crest of Nanako and a white, tall and refreshing downtown of Ichiraku. He was a young man in the town, and had no dislike as I had imagined. While sitting in a square with a chitin, do not break your knees at all, but grin while smoking a cigarette on a sled, and use the remaining number of words. I was looking around the area around the Girojiro room without a cigarette. I forgot what I was talking about, but I came to the left and right for the first time, but I talked back from about 9 o'clock in the morning until near the evening. During that time, I didn't lose my posture at all. He was a well-behaved man, and he rarely scratched his cross-legged legs. Finally, when I was sitting down and lying down, I was able to stand on my knees. You probably thought it was a redneck, not a commuter, to cross-legged.
It started with Kawakiri, and then came on the 3rd, 4th, and sometimes every day. Whenever I came, I was talking from morning till night. However, I didn't really understand why he came to "frequently" even though he didn't have a special story to keep, but after a month or so, he gradually "doed". I understood the errand. At that time, there was a "National Diet Newspaper" by Ryohei Murayama, and Koda Rohan and Ishibashi Ningetsu were in charge of the literary club. 》 Because Ningetsu left the company (or I forgot whether he had already left the company or it was Dotchi), I searched for me as a successor, and after receiving Murayama's intention, I became my personal watcher. It seems that he has come. At that time, Ryokuu was qualified as a guest of the "National Diet Newspaper" and seemed to have a relationship like a secretary of Murayama. Every time I came, I talked to him in detail. I didn't know why I would do such an inside story even though I didn't ask from here, but I came up with it for the first time when I was openly negotiated to join the company after a month or so. This negotiation was negotiated due to mutual circumstances, but the relationship between Ryokurain and me was related to it, and at one point it was a fairly deep relationship.
However, I have always hated playing by drinking and eating, so there was a limit to my relationship with anyone, not just green rain, but at that time green rain was fixed after the "National Diet Newspaper" was discontinued. I was a person who had no business, and I was wandering around all the time, so the fact that I was lazily became something in common with each other. I didn't go too far, but the green rain came often. Whenever I came, I was playing for a day. Occasionally, I attacked my sleeping cat from early in the morning, and I ate lunch and dinner at the boarding house and talked to them until about 11 o'clock at night. There was also.
At that time, that is, the green rain in the Honjo era was quite a gentleman. Even if you're poverty-stricken and you're fluent in crying that you're having trouble with your pocket money, you'll always feel like you're in trouble with the sloppy Jokira. Was not at all. However, when I asked for a house, I found that there was no room that looked like my study, because I lived in a small Nagaya of Count Todo, which was a nuisance to my parents. The father of the green rain was the associate samurai doctor of the lord who attended under the name of Kengyosai, the predecessor of the current Todo Haku. This Ayanesai was a famous "Nadai" lord who was heard in the Bunya style, but he was a stubborn old villain who hated Western doctor's medicine and used Chinese medicine every day. Was used. It was the role of Ryokuu's father to train this decoction, and he had a condiment chest for that purpose at home. The room with only 6 tatami mats where the condiment chest was placed doubles as a tatami mat, and it seems that there was no room like a study outside, where the guests of the green rain passed through this tatami mat. Of course, I wasn't comfortable with this kind of Nagaya because it was a nuisance to my parents, but when I went out, I was wearing a sloppy outfit with the crest of Itsudemo Tsunekira's sword and a small sleeve. Was doing. It would have been without a single piece of so-called regular jacket, "Haregi", but on the left, on the right, on the right, with a rugged outfit, the signboard happi coat. Norimawashi, wherever you go I always waited for my happi coat. For example, even when I was playing in my boarding house for a day, I kept waiting for my rickshaw from morning till late at night. It was a long time to go to Doko because he was a man with a long butt, but since he waited for his lieutenant everywhere, the green rain was coming to his companion, Tomomachi, at the entrance, and for a long time. I knew immediately from the green rain rickshaw who was lying down. The green rain car owner probably spent more time waiting and sleeping than he could carry his husband. It seems that the green rain was not only a lips, but it was really in trouble, but it was hard to put up such a stupid vanity. I often walked with the green rain, but since the green rain is always accompanied by a black crest with a ryu, the rickshaw will accompany me from the trace, so at best, the rice Ryu I couldn't help but look like my companion's student, who wasn't in the haori of Yoneryu and the spectacles of Tetsuwaku.
When the green rain lived in my boarding house for a day, I was eating the unpleasant set of the boarding house. A boarding house dish such as sculpin sculpin boiled in miso was flattened neatly. However, when I tried to go somewhere to eat something, I said something very harsh. Even though I came without frying on the 3rd, every time I asked if I would go to eat somewhere, even if it was a bad thing in the boarding house, the bird had to be Tsukushi in Hamacho. I couldn't make it in time in the Tsui neighborhood, saying that the tempura of A-eating must be Marushin in Yokoyama-cho. If it's a side dish at home, it's okay if it tastes bad, but it's a luxury to go to other places to eat, so it's natural to choose "Erigono". It was the philosophy of food. At that time, there were no trains, so the green rain was always waiting for me, so even if I didn't mind, I wouldn't bother to go far with a high-ranking inn. I thought it was useless, and I looked like I was somehow hurt the authority of the commuter if I was going to accompany the Western food in my neighborhood. "It's not good if you know only good foods and don't understand the bad foods," he said. At that time, he said, "That's why I'm studying the set of your boarding house so hard." Even so, it seemed that Western food was not exceptional, and I was able to clean up the spicy and unpleasant salty food without saying anything. It seems that it was a foodie of green rain that the countryman "Inakamono", who enjoys Western cuisine, cannot sing "Kuimono".
Until the time when I moved away from the boarding house called Okui, which is famous for the large garden ahead of the high school, the green rain had a considerable luxury without degrading the Mada gentleman's style. Just | Dr. Kazutoshi Ueda has just returned to the morning, and he often comes to play with a haori of flying white "Kasuri" and a bird cap "Toriuchibo". Ryokuu used to use the bad word "warukuchi" in the shadows, but even so, it seemed that he didn't feel bad about having the talent of the newcomer as a friend of stilts. There were rumors that Mannen was like this or that.
Go up the middle of Iki-denzaka to Masagocho, and after climbing up the sloping hill, move to a boarding house on the back of the road on the left side, and then the green rain will fall to Niwaka. It was. There is a misnomer to say that it has fallen, but until then, Ryokuu wore a black haori coat even though he was poor. Even if I was eating the rice of a bad boarding house, the beef shop's pot pierced the pot, and because of the harshness, the imitation looked like a gentleman's face. .. However, in the Iki Tonzaka era, he first wore a flying white haori coat, and even in a beef shop's pot, he first made a soft noise, saying that it was more delicious than the rice in the boarding house. .. Now it's a tempura shop or something, but at that time, I went to say that I could eat the dumplings of the soup powder shop "Shirukoya" as much as Fujimura "Fujimura". I always bought dumplings and put them out.
In the green rain of the Iki Tonzaka era, the gentleman's style was not completely "maru", and it became a refreshing calligraphy style. Dr. Mannen, a friend of stilts, suddenly jumped up to a chokuninkan called the director of the specialized academic affairs bureau and had the momentum to cut the wind with his shoulders, so public affairs would have been busy, but what between the two? There seemed to be a collision, and I couldn't see Dr. Mannen in the dirty boarding house in the green rain. For something, Ryokuu was swearing at Dr. Mannen, and when he published a number of letters saying "Guzuguzu" or "Amannen crying", he was enthusiastic. Instead, people like Seisetsu Sassa, Taneo Sasagawa, and Reiun Taoka, who were Mada college students at the time, often became customers of the green rain. I won the "Iroha" dumpling. Awakening snow was at that time | * [# "參 + hair", 3rd level 1-86-45] It was a appearance that I could not think of as a college student with a black beard hanging down. The green rain was called Sasa | Danjo, and he said, "Yesterday, the amendment came." I couldn't understand the phrase "the evening storm of the tuna bank" in the "remembering book" of the green rain, so I said "Tenka | I forgot who the critics said, but he was one of them. Green rain stopped laughing and told me, but it finally became a passage in the "Remembering Book".
After Dr. Ueda returned to the morning, the university suddenly shook pure literature and published "Teikoku Bungaku" and created the Chikamatsu Study Group. Ryokuu was frequently associated with young bachelor of arts and students, including Dr. Mannen, a friend of stilts. It was no wonder that what I didn't know seemed ridiculous. Even a young bachelor's degree admitted that he was a social expert in green rain, and he often came to ask for permission of green rain when there was something he didn't understand. When Dr. Mannen brought "Ten no Amijima" and asked what "Sanjiya Ubatsu to Unkoro Totsukoro" was, he was connected. I closed the green rain of "" and pulled out the helmet "Kabuto" and surrendered. The ridiculous questions of the young bachelors at that time, the dressing room "Gakuya Ochi", and the secret slogan "Suppanu" became the material for the later "Remembering Book" and "Reserve Book". It was.
Everything was at that time. Ikutsu also sent three or four senryu, which had the subject of "Teikoku Bungaku", in succession. Since it is a short sentence, I lost it and now I have only one sheet left, but "I'm confused by the standard language of Ueda's appendix" Tsukibumi "", "It's a teacher's manuscript and committee member" There was something like that. The former was when Dr. Mannen published a major treatise on standard language, and the word standard language was a buzzword for our colleagues at that time. Also, in someone's treatise, [# horizontal composition] "Chopin" [# horizontal composition end] was written as chopine, so a senryu called "I wonder if I am Chiyopin" was created, but this author I forgot whether it was green rain or Dr. Mannen. It was during the Iki Tonosaka era that the "Kadojamisen" was made, and ironically, I read and heard that it would be important if the current critics understood this phrase. was there.
It was after that that I changed to a lodging house called Sudare near Kusatsu-no-Yu in Morikawa-cho. This bamboo blind era was the last literary life of green rain. (In the Odawara and Yanagihara eras, it was far from the Bungakukai.) It was during this period that Ryokuu began to sneak in and out of Ichiyonoie's house, and smoked in the same boarding house. Ichiyonoie started dating with "literature world" groups such as Baba Kocho and Togawa Shukotsu because of the relationship with Ono Shachiku. It would have been an opportunity to go in and out. From that time on, I became more and more estranged from me, so I didn't know much about the later years of green rain from that time.
To put it bluntly, it exposes the natural dark side, but green rain is a vanity artist, but it is poor in the days when he was wearing a black sword crest and riding a rickshaw. Even though he was singing, he valued elegance. Because of his boss, he never imitated him. Instead of being extravagant that he could only eat what was in the house of "where", he was pretending to be a commuter and at the same time appointing a gentleman.
Even after moving from Okui to Iki Tonzaka and becoming a calligraphy style after the gentleman's style disappeared, I still have a lot of insight, and sometimes even if I say something strange, I will never do it. There was no. And since I lived with my little brother (now a medical doctor) who goes to junior high school, I was naturally reluctant. I don't know much about the news of the indulgence of the green rain, or maybe I was playing around unexpectedly from that time, but the surface on the left and the right is serious, and my eyes are serious. He refrained from playing in the air, and sneered at the young people's playfulness with his nose. When I went to a certain tower, a person named Shotayu often came to play, and I'm coming tonight, so I asked him to show me the person named Shotayu, and he asked me to show him the corridor. When I peeked through the gap of the shoji and peeped into it, a man with a decudeku fertilizer piled up three futons and made a mokugyozen. He laughed, saying that he was squeezing "Agura" and settled down. In addition, some people play with their bosses on the riverbank, and some people write newspaper novels on the three futons, and become good at it. A certain landlord says that Yoshihara feels filthy, but sometimes he hangs a mystery of invitation, and a famous landlord says Hosono. When the so-called landlord teachers also went out to play, they talked about the fact that they were good at sending letters to them and showing them off to the customers. It was stinky and dirty, and I was ridiculed if I didn't get rid of it. Compared to that, although he is not a landlord in the literary world, even if a newspaper novelist went to Yoshiwara, he went up to the beanbag teahouse "Hikitejaya" without going to the girl shop and gathered twelve or three girls. He praised him as a true commuter when he played innocently by playing beanbags and wearing a newspaper. At least green rain was sneering at the lower play of other literary people, implicitly smelling that playing was about the same as this commuter. In the green rains of the Iki Tonzaka era, there was still a wind that valued such a pure and personal elegance.
After switching to Sudare, this spirit changed completely. There is a misnomer that the clothes "Nari" are more like a fallen door than a Shosei style, but even with the same Shosei style, there was a feeling that it was a corrupt Shosei. First, the topic is much lower than before. Perhaps it was because it was getting tighter on the material, but the night night became more intense due to the feeling of desperation. In the old days of green rain, he actively indulged in inferior play that seemed to be ridiculous. I once confessed to playing and laughed lonely. At that time, the luster of green rain was often rumored. I had a clear face saying that if it was the previous green rain, I sneered at the person who transmitted the luster and finally became a love guy "Yakko" with that teacher, but at that time the green rain was good at cheap luster and myself I even smelled it.
After moving to Odawara, he came to Tokyo once and asked me. Unfortunately, I didn't meet because I wasn't there, so when I sent the letter, I immediately sent it to the next letter, and the round trip was cut off. Most of the letters of the green rain have been dissipated, but mysteriously, only this one remains, so let's put it up here and use it as a pig to remember the green rain.

[# Indent two characters from here]
Genbun Itchi Nikagil, Kou Shitsuki Itagamiha, Basic Ya Standard Yani Insistence 《Tonjaku》 Suruma Demo Arimasenu, Tadaya Tarani Ohanashi Body wo Swing Shisa Esleba, Dokokaraka Kaika Gasan Rimassode, I Momakezuni Genbun Itchi Dekono Letter Gemas, Imani Miwata "Miwata" Kimi no Umemi ni Invitation sentence, Takatsu Kimi no regret Mino sentence Nadwo surpassing "Ryoga" Surukototo Shishita Sai
Hisashikuo eyes Nikakarimasenuga, Korehaanatanibakaridenaku, Donatanimo same Jikotode, the other day Chot Ryuban-kun Otazune Mashitanosae 2nd year Brit Shin Suyona translation Death, old ha mood Ideskara, frog crying Odawara kid no Kiha, Mettani capital Heha de laremasenu, Konogoro moving Ninarimashitasode, ward name Karashin shimast, Anatamoyahari Ushimon no Ichijo de Araseralruyouna mourning 《Ushina》 Imashitanode, Iroiro Katatsuki Kemonowo Shimashita, Immediate financial consolidation, Sono-bushi “Garakuta Bunko” wo found Shimashitakara, Late 《Oso》 Makinagara return and Bimashitanode, To, what Dakaoka Shikunarimas
Illness Wo Otazune Shita Saimasitaga, Koreha Heavy Itoeba Heavy, Light Itoeba Light, Dochirani Monarimasnode, Kano Honsei Surukato Shieva Completely Relieved Sunokata Nogumi Death, Before coming to our office, about half a year Hodwo Kugenuma Kugenuma》 Ni Spicy Stick Shiteori Masitaga, Of course Dot Netail Toy Udeha Arimasezu, Solega Kaette Pain Deha Arimasuga, Dehamazumazu Health Nichikai Death
Bungei kurabu ni natta de ha arimasenuka, talented zoroide, hero Zoroide, unpleasant swords, we have a lot of swords, swords, swords, swords, swords, swords, swords, swords, swords, swords, swords Kukara seeing site toy you na kotode, korede safe rice gakuereba, connarakuna thing haarimasenu, 慾 niha me mo Tokyo niite, literary club nosue nokata niaruyouna end song 《Hauta》 wotsukutte, Taketomi Hisai Atari ni Darouto Thought Imas
Near Gorono I'm a hobby, what's the demo Omoi floating "Kaki" Tsukete Oite, Solegadredakeno month and day Tara, Furukunarukato Shin Sukotowo test Shiteorimas, What's hidden Shimasho Imo Kazoku No. 2 son Niha raw Remasenunode Two defeats Laruru point Death like Nioi Teha
How many books Kukotogamot Attatsumori Deshitaga, just my sister Nomotokara Telegram Ga Imashitei, Suddenly Departure Noyouinika Karimasnode, Konobe Deyamete Place Kimasu, Shirikiri Dragonfly. Random writing
[# End of indentation here]
[# 13 indentation] 30th [# 4 characters up from the ground] Saito
[# 9 indentation] Mr. Uchida
[# Indent two characters from here]
Kosho Itamamade Train 2 Jumping Rimashitanode, Today Made Desk Noon Ni Stay 《Touryu》 Shiteori Masita, Returned Home Last Night Itashima Shitabakaride Now Standing in Mata Tokyo Chimasnode Writing Directly Suhimaga Arimasenu, Nazeson Nania Waterukato Atalino newspaper advertisements, younger sisters, urgent trains, Gaartamedes, Oyurushi Shimosai, noon on the 5th
[# End of indentation here]

The disappointment of the green rain 《Monmon》 appears in the text of the letter that made this calm. Since then, it has become completely estranged.
After that, when I heard that I had moved to Tokyo again, I went to the nearest "Moyori", the residence of the seven songs "Namagari" of Asakusa "Asakusa", which I once heard in the human biography "Hitotsu". I asked, but I couldn't understand even if I did. When I was planning to come back after asking someone carefully, about a month later, it became "I'm dead today." The genius of a generation did not lose his readiness to tease the world until the moment of his death, but the end of his life, which was unvisited by a friend, was extremely lonely. I didn't know that my illness was getting so serious, so I'm still regrettable that I didn't ask the last irony as I was going to ask once. The funeral wasn't held because it was a will, but Komagome was a liver brew with Sabun Nozaki, the oldest friend of Ryokuu, and Kocho Baba, the newest friend. A farewell ceremony was held at the Bodaisho Bodaisho. Dr. Ueda, who is a friend of Ryokuu's stilts, and Dr. Tsubouchi, who is the first acquaintance of Ryokuu, attended and read the most tragic ritual by Koda Rohan, who allowed the most rebellious "Bakugeki" of Ryokuu. It was a day when it was raining in the wind, and it was a nasty weather that was extremely suitable for mourning the sarcastic green rain of the first generation.
The heyday of green rain was in the "National Diet Newspaper" era, and then it gradually became abrupt, and since it was purposely sold against people who disobeyed the world, it became more and more distant from the world. Originally, the irony of green rain was that there was no hatred and there was charm. I was ridiculed by the green rain and never felt like hating the green rain. However, the irony of the green rain after being lifted up by the public as if he was a very big literary master and buying himself at a high price has lost his nose, or At times, it's arrogant like a countryside, and it doesn't have a nose, or at other times it's a bittersweet like a man who has been abandoned by a woman. It was "Irony". It was good when the green rain wasn't seen heavy by the world and I didn't pay attention to the praise of the world, but I'm proud that it will be seen more and more and I will buy it at a higher price. It became painful and hard because I had to write the creations and criticisms that corresponded to the reputation. At the same time, when I heard the voice of the world who treated me unexpectedly cheaply, I became unpleasant and unbearable and began to overturn my complaints. The complaints of green rain began in the Iki Tonzaka era, but since then, the more disappointed the people have been, the more excuses or complaints they have made against Kageguchi. I gradually became estranged from Ryokuu because the story of Ryokuu became lower and disgusting, but one was to hear the ironic complaints. I'm sorry I couldn't stand it.
Ryokuu was tied to Ogai and Ogai to create a new flow. However, since the roots were of the old gesaku writer system, I thought that life problems and social problems were useless for literary people. Blatantly speaking, I didn't have the roots to be interested in such a serious problem. However, he has a keen head that is strangely aware of a new tendency, and when he changes from "Midori Koto" to "Honest Shotayu" under Robun, he immediately revise his relationship with Dr. Haruka. , Followed by Dew Ban, Kogai, Mannen, Seisetsu, Rinfu, Rein, Kocho, Ichiyo, Kocho, Akibone, and so on. .. Although he did not have a deep-rooted scholarship, he was an intelligent understanding of a constant new trend. However, this scholarship is a weak point of green rain, and if there is something that wields new knowledge, it seems to be painful and touching, and it seems that it touches German and Latin. Even if I knew it, I couldn't understand the phrase of the song, so I was fooling around and defeated the enemy, "Kataki," saying, "Have you ever eaten Wadahira's eel?"
The masterpiece of green rain is probably "Oil Hell". However, Ryokuu himself was a critic who praised "Oil Hell", so he was good at "Hide and Seek" and "Mont Shamisen", saying that he should not talk about Katakishi. "Kado Shamisen" was a masterpiece of "Rukotsu", a true carving heart that squeezed oily sweat and was painful. However, since the pain was a rhetorical one, he said that it wasn't interesting to me without admiring it from the beginning. "Keiko", but it's a ball, "he said with an uninteresting face. From the delicate Edo hobby of green rain, it seems that some of the new writing styles with a genbun-itchi translation were unbearable, and some were rustic.
However, the masterpieces of green rain are probably "oil hell" and "rain frog". Both of these are works that Ryokuu himself is not good at, and people praise him for touching the tantrum, but he is good at "Kakurenbo" and "Gate". There is an eternal life in "certainly" rather than "shamisen". Although he had a wise eye, he was good at "Uga-chi" in the text, which was drawn from the Edo author's lineage and picked up the essence of fashion and small songs, and was not accepted by the world. Although he was dissatisfied with the fact that "people" were not recognized by the world, he seemed to be good at not being understood by anyone. However, today, when both the autumn leaves and Rohan are tired of it, only green rain is still read, and the fact that the complete works that were stamped last year sold a considerable number of copies seems to be a constant joy for green rain. .. The green rain will be set and grinning under the moss, and it will be grinning under the greasy. However, there is a reason for the existence of the last work of Ryokuu, who has drawn the tradition of the author of Edo, as an unfortunate writhing of a child in the transitional period. Bringing Nietzsche or Tolstoy to weigh the value of green rain is like discussing vinegar with the flavor of beef. Since the commuter observation of green rain often touches a corner of life, there is only one person who talks about life with a small song like green rain today, when a poverty-smelling professional commentator stabs his nose. Even if there is, I feel like it is good. However, when the world becomes sick, there is a feeling that a person like green rain will not come out.
[# Raise two characters from the ground] (Revised March 1, 1914)



Bottom book: "New Edition: People Who Remember" Iwanami Bunko, Iwanami Shoten
Issued the first print on February 16, 1994 (Heisei 6)
July 10, 2008, 3rd printing
Parent of the original: "People who think" Shunjusha
First edition issued in June 1925 (Taisho 14)
First appearance: "Modern"
April 1913 (Taisho 2) issue
* The title when it first appeared is "10th Anniversary of Green Rain".
Input: Takashi Kawayama
Proofreading: Hiroshi Kadota
Created May 29, 2011
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
