Writer and loneliness
Chuya Nakahara

The intellectuals are pale. On the contrary, those who can feel relieved if only the payment at the end of the month is cleared up will be fine. Perhaps the world loses its idea. It is unlikely that people who need enough food, clothing and shelter will be discouraged because they are more energetic than they used to be, despite the recession. People who only need food, clothing and shelter are said to be even more uncomfortable in a recession, so naturally they will be more willing than when the economy is good. As for the intelligentsia, the intellectual is pale. This is because this is a race that originally needed ideas and did not think that clothing, food and shelter were all. However, the world is in a recession, and it is hard to live in the world because of the intellectuals. This is because the clothing, food, and housing all-rounders who do not need an idea are even more ideas, so they will not be taken up as a game.
Now, the idea is that it is a useless long item. Even if you look only in the intellectuals, they are more energetic when you translate them because you can learn languages, for example, than those who think or create something. Common sense is even more bulky when those who like food, clothing and shelter become more willing due to the recession and that is the mainstream of the general public. For example, if you look at the intellectuals these days with the common sense that "something that isn't healthy is wrong", the translator is more likely to say "it's not wrong" than the creator. Follow. When it comes to intellectuals, the more intelligent they are, the more they become stupid in front of the world. However, by jumping over there, the intellectuals themselves will be able to control themselves with the so-called "hogaraka", which is the view of life of people who only need food, clothing and shelter.
With this, "anxiety" became even more anxious, and confusion became more and more confusing.
I am not emphasizing the idea of strength now. It is not a grace to say that the situation or what kind of idea is important. However, in order for an intelligentsia to be an intellectual, it requires an idea of clothing, food, and shelter, in other words, an intellectual when working on it. As in recent years, it seems that the intellectuals who are good at dating and the work is like the prize of the dating belong to the one with a relatively good economy among the intellectuals. Is.
My point is that now it is the time for people who like food, clothing and shelter. It is said to be mediocre and versatile. By the way, the air that the mediocre all-purpose era creates, whether or not it is expressed, is neither intellectual nor artistic.
I don't think it's good or bad. However, being energetic in that kind of air is not an intellectual like an intellectual.
And, regardless of whether the air is suitable for intellectuals or not, that is, whether or not the world needs an idea, for example, art is said to depend on the idea.
Perhaps the artist needs more loneliness than in the old days.



Bottom book: "New Edition Chuya Nakahara Complete Works Vol. 4 Criticism / Novel" Kadokawa Shoten
First edition issued on November 25, 2003
Parent of the original: "Rekitei"
April 1936 (Showa 11) issue
First appearance: "Rekitei"
April 1936 (Showa 11) issue
* Ruby by the editor in parentheses is omitted.
* The word notes by the editor at the end of the bottom book have been omitted.
Input: Yoichi Muramatsu
Calibration: noriko saito
Created on September 11, 2014
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
