St. Loyola
Ryoma Nogami

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) St. Francesco

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Numbers are JIS X 0213 area area number or Unicode, base page and number of lines)
(Example) * [# "Fire + Man", Level 4 2-80-1]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

[# 7 indentation] 1 [# "1" is the middle heading]

Since I saw the ruins of Saint Francis of Assisi in Italy, I thought that I would like to see the ruins of Saint Francis of Loyola in Espana. St. Loyola was the founder of the Jesuits (Jesuit), and his fellow junior Javier (Zaveryo) was the first person to have Christianity in Japan during the astronomical year and was a ferocious missionary. The latter land was the earliest Christianized region, spurred by the baptism of the lord Otomo Sorin, so there are still many stories left in the old language, and the name of Loyola is along with the name of Zaberyo and the name of Warignani. I felt familiar from early on. Besides, although I am not a Christian myself, on the one hand, I paid homage to St. Francis's extraordinary religious life, and on the other hand, I was also interested in St. Loyola's cane-like indoctrination movement, so I was brave. I wanted to see the relaxation of the spirit.
When the story came out in the cafeteria of the Embassy of San Sebastian, Minister Yano wanted to take him to the old university of Oñati and the new battlefield of Bilbao tomorrow, but he also stopped by Loyola. ..
It was 8:30 in the morning when I went out by car to the villa "La Cumbre" in San Sebastian. It was hot on a hot day in mid-August, but the road goes from mountain to mountain, and the wind containing storms blows refreshingly in proportion to the speed of the car, so even a little I didn't feel tired. At first, our cars climbed and descended mountain roads from south to south, but every time we looked at them, they were all sharp and piercing mountains, and then weird. As the shape unfolds, it was unusual for unfamiliar eyes. Besides, I thought that the country of Espana was a poor country, but only the road was strangely struck by the wonderful modern swords that went into any mountain. After all, it is said that during the last dynasty, the government sought to provoke a complete road network throughout the country, and it is said that it will help us.
Looking at Ernani on the left, the first town I visited was Tolosa. It is an industrial city with a large population lying in the Oria basin, and is also the main production area for bere hats. There are red and black hats, and in the Basque Country, many men wear red hats. The man who put gasoline in our car also wore a red beret on his side.
Tolosa divides the road into two. Follow the road on the left to the southeast and you will reach the old kingdom of Navarre. There is a town of Pamplona in Navarre, and I wanted to go to the temple where the castle where St. Javier was born remains, but I decided to go back again because it would be a detour. We took the road on the right towards the southwest.
If you go straight on that road, you will come across National Highway No. 24 from just before Zaragoza and reach Madry, but we go a little from the town of Tolosa, and the road is a little confusing (still the song is good). I turned to the right and ran Ahi Yama again. This neighborhood was a recent battlefield in the early days of the inner court, and I could see traces of bullets struck by scattered farmhouses. Minister Yano was familiar with the inner road, and had visited him on the line, so he went while listening to a detailed explanation.
It was past 10 o'clock when I passed through the village of Azpeitia. It is said that there is a temple that has been baptized by St. Loyola, but if you pass by as it is, a square with a high roof extending to the side is white on the ground about 2 km in front of the slightly opened basin. It's easy to see standing in a nice building. That was the temple of Loyola that I was about to visit.

[# 7 indentation] Two [# "two" is the middle heading]

Loyola is a place name, and the lord's house was named De Loyola with that as his surname. Our protagonist is the son of the lord, commonly known as Don Inigo Lopez de Recarde, who was later added to the Holy Line and was called St. Ignacio (Inhasio). Born in the year before Columbus's American War (1491), he went to Pamplona's war when he was a small shore, and was seriously injured. I've been sick for a long time. It is said that it was at that time that he was enlightened and enlightened. He was convinced that he could not be saved, and his life was saved, and he was immersed in the heart of the reluctant Hoetsu, filled with gratitude to God and Christ, and devoted his life to the way of God. It must, of course, be preceded by deep meditation and strong determination that we cannot easily see. His work, which tried to give up his life to save mankind from ignorance and disbelief and lead him to the gate of the kingdom of God, tells it to the hero.
It was in Paris that he knew Francisco Javier (Zaverillo). He studied with Koreju Santo Bulb with the aim of studying religion. Javier, a fifteen-year-old younger student, went to study abroad. At that time, under the influence of Renaissance thought, the idea of freewheeling things spread to every country. In particular, Paris is a cultural center, and the lives of the students who gathered together tended to be extremely liberal. It can be said that Javier was also influenced by this. It was senior Loyola who stopped it and brought it towards a religious life with correct discipline. Naho I have some other comrades. In 1537, they met with Venetian and signed a pact that should be the basis of the Jezuita movement of the princes. At that time, Loyola was 46 years old and Javier was 31 years old.
The opportunity finally helped them as soon as they got the public permission of Pope Paolo III and started working abroad. Overseas has always been the Orient. The Orient also focused on Japan, which was newly "seen" at the time based on India. Although Japanese prosecution was finally banned due to persecution, it is a miracle for the Jezuita faction to have an amazing convert from Astronomy / Eiroku to Genki / Tensho in a very short period of time. It should have been a miracle success. It was mainly the result of the unyielding efforts of many enthusiastic Irumi and others who stood on the front lines below Javier, but the root was due to the personality of President Loyola who pulled the sword in his place. I had to.
Since it is the land where Loyola was born and the main mountain of the Jezuita school built on it, it is not unreasonable that tourists from Japan are interested in it.
However, according to Mr. Yano, it was said that Japanese people who visit this temple are extremely rare, and that we are probably the first to visit this temple.

[# 7 indentation] Three [# "three" is the middle heading]

However, when I went to the temple, I couldn't help but be disappointed that this was the head temple of the Loyola sect.
This temple was built in 1681, 126 years after the death of Loyola, by Empress Mariana of Philip IV of Esterreich, and the engineer was Carlo Fontana. The scale is large, the structure is Rotonda type, the first floor is octagonal, and the roof that is supported above is not a bad shape, but once you step inside, everyone can do it. You can't do it without tilting your head to the golden decorations. Since there is no pillar inside, there is no main corridor or side corridor, and a large arch of the sword is shining in front of the spacious space, but the main material is cut out from the mountain of Itosaris. It is made of marble, and the pillars of the book that are attached to the wall are colorfully colored, and four of them are not good for giving the impression that a large snake is wrapped around them, and the arch in the upper center. I wonder if the brilliant silver color of the statue of St. Inhasio enshrined inside is shining. I don't have an accurate memory of the other details, but in a nutshell, I'm impressed with the intent of being awkward, persistent, rugged, and trying to dazzle people's eyes. It wasn't something that reminded me of.
In the old temples of Espana, many of them are Gotik styles peculiar to Espana, and all of them pay homage to the splendid composition, but only the Barocco style, which is a hobby of the main hall of Loyola, can be repaid. I couldn't do it.
However, Loyola's birthplace, which is wrapped in a part of a large monastery (which is not open to the public) joined from the left and right to the back of the main hall, was well worth seeing. If you look at the old 繪 圖, it used to be an isolated square castle-a house with a big box rather than a tofu, the high first floor is made of stone, and the relatively low second and third floors are made of brick. Marble is stretched inside the floor, and it seems that there was a need for a basket castle because there were some crenellated eyes. It is now preserved as it is in the building of the monastery, and it has become a reminder to those who wish.
When you exit the main hall and turn right, you will immediately come out in front of the entrance of the "Sacred Hall << Santa Kaza >>" (Loyola's birthplace is called Sausa). There are two statues on it. On the right is a statue of Loyola as a martial arts boy, looking up with a long spear in his left hand. The fact that only the face is made of white marble should not be too prominent with other bronze parts. On the left is a group of Loyola injured at work and three followers who helped or was at a loss.
What is interesting is the old sign of the Loyola family, which is fitted on the arch at the entrance, and is a relief of two bears facing each other with one tree in the center.
The guide showed us from the 3rd floor first. The wooden ceiling and pillars are left as they were, and there are some things that should be scooped up. One room is where the injured Loyola lay down for a long time, and it is said that he had a serious steering in his life.
On the second floor, a wooden frame with an old ceiling is rare, and one room has a room where Loyola was born, and next to it there is a room with a floor "Yuka" laid out with marble. It's a wardrobe. This was later collected by the followers of the Society of Jesus, including the claws of Christ. There are many things that value Buddha bones and teeth in the Orient. Next to it is an altar with a silver floor, which is said to be the altar of Loyola's family.
When you go down to the first floor, there is a room enshrining San Jose (Joseph), the Italian-style mosaic floor is beautiful, and the crenellated first opens between the marble floors. Next to it is a room enshrining Pope Pius, and in front of Loyola there is a large relief altar where many comrades in the Holy Line are kneeling down. The guide explained that the second statue from the center in the left column is Javier. I heard that there were few credible statues of Javier, so I looked at them enthusiastically, but I couldn't see the expression of individuality on the sideways side.

[# 7 indentation] 4 [# "4" is the middle heading]

There were almost no humans outside of us. I just met an American-like group at the "Sacred Hall" Santa Kaza ". The land is also a remote place, and it was not easy to find a large number of Vaticano's pilgrims, but anyway, it was the head temple of the Jezuita school, and I thought that there was a congregation. I was surprised. By the way, the temple of St. Francis of Assisi was not a great pilgrim.
However, whether it is the Jezuita sect or the Francesco sect, the monastery is the main body rather than the temple, and the purpose is to train the priests who jump into the world and cultivate rather than gathering good men and women in the temple. It was a temple. The Salvation Army is now doing the job. The Jezuita organization was timely in the early modern era, but isn't it a chick today? Espana is said to be the "most Catholic country" of all Catholic nations, and you can see many enthusiastic believers kneeling in the corners of the main hall and cutting crosses everywhere they go. But it all mourns Santa Maria. San Inhasio and others are not well-known.
The fact that one of San Inhasio invaded and proclaimed Japan 300 years ago was a great contribution from the perspective of Japanese cultural history, but even Javier made it a tress. However, even though Warignani was a swordsman of the group who had a religious passion, he was absorbed in the salvation of the spirits and thought about transplanting the beautiful flowers of their culture. I wasn't happy. He had a reluctant attitude that he should come and sow with fruit. In that proof, there was no renaissance culture in our country that bloomed so beautifully at that time * [# "fire + man", 4th level 2-80-1]. It is. Architecture, sculpture, painting, music, poetry, play, etc. However, since most of them are the ones that the denialists themselves tried to deny, it may be absurd that they were not denial.
However, that is because I did not understand Japan. If they broke the keen intellect of the Japanese people's art, they would bring in the doctrine of human love, dressed in glittering art, like the Buddhist priests 1,300 years ago. It may have been successful. However, it must be surprising that the ethnic incomprehension of the nation still exists between the East and the West in various directions even today, which has passed 300 years. ......
With that in mind, I never neglected to pay tribute to my superior San Injasio, who tried to sow what he believed to be his best in our ancestors.
When I left the temple, the gentle slope of the mountain of Isalites on the left was flooded with sunlight near noon, and in the blue sky above it, two or three white clouds of ad balloons floated.
We went to Oñati.



Bottom book: "Western tour" Nihon Hyoronsha
Issued on September 10, 1941 (Showa 16)
December 10, 1941 (Showa 16) 10th edition
Input: Hiroshi Kadota
Proofreading: Takatoshi Somekawa
Created March 11, 2011
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
