Blue robe maiden statue
Torahiko Terada

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) If you were walking in Jimbocho

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Numbers are JIS X 0213 area area number, or original page and number of lines)
(Example) * [# "Wood + eyebrows", 3rd level 1-85-86]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

When I was walking in Jimbocho, the night of the dead tree, I noticed a colored lithograph, which was set against a corner of a street stall with prints and picture frames. It is a half-body image of a Western girl in a blue robe holding hands and watching over the statue of Our Lady. As soon as I saw this, an old nostalgic memory revived as if it had ignited at one time. I felt that various illusions appeared and disappeared in the Nishiki of the street lanterns that fluttered with Kogarashi.
I think it was around the age of 145. At that time, I was deeply fascinated by the beauty of the imported colored lithographs, which was rare in the countryside. We called it an "oil painting", but of course we hadn't seen a real oil painting yet. It seems that the oil painting of this print was like a revelation, a messenger from an unknown world, who had fallen into the door of a country boy, Shibazuke.
At that time, "Nozoki Karakuri" was still widespread in the night shops in the town. Oguri Hangan, Yorimitsu's Oeyama demon extermination, Awa's Naruto, Sansho Tayu's sawing It was a time when a gruesome, grotesque movie of such a thing emerged in the frightened darkness of fantasy, and the song of Karakuri, who squeezed a crouching voice, was confused with the sword of Cantera. It was around the time when the aniline pigment that dyed the Tokyo souvenir "Edo-e" was brutalizing the soft retina. Compared to these things, the warm and scenic colors of this so-called "oil painting" must have been a surprising discovery and a revelation. It was like a distant and beautiful dream paradise inviting me from beyond the clouds in the evening.
In my poor collection of "oil paintings" at that time, there was "Old Castle of Shion". Then there was certainly the scenery of Lucerne or Lake Zurich. The vision of Swiss lakes and glaciers has been with me for about two decades. Finally, the day came when I was able to get close to the land, but now, 20 years after that, I am now between Switzerland in this oil painting and Switzerland that I actually experienced. The barriers to discrimination have been largely removed, and it seems that the reality of 20 years ago blends into the illusion of 40 years ago.
There was also a picture of an Italian fleet lined up in the bay of Naples. In the background, Vesuvius spewed red flames, and on the cliff in the foreground was a stone pine with wings. When I climbed this volcano and looked down at the bay on New Year's Day 1910, this picture was also projected onto the actual scene in front of me, and at the same time, Ogai's "Improvised Poet" The scene was projected in various ways.
There was one still life. On the table were liquor bottles, glasses of wine, half-peeled oranges, and so on. And it was more beautiful than any real bottle, cup or fruit that I saw afterwards. Everything was like a jewel that emerged from the dim and shining atmosphere of "Fuiki".
In addition to that, there was a half-body image of a girl in a blue robe. This has been a long time since it was listed in the living room between my parents and myself * [# "tree + eyebrows", level 3 1-85-86]. Some of my junior high school classmates accused me of hanging the forehead of such a girl image. After graduating from junior high school in 19th year, he moved to another country. I moved to Tokyo with my wife. In the meantime, every time I go home about once a year, this girl image is the same as before. I was watching over.
What happened to these "oil paintings" when I folded my hometown after my father died? Curiously, my memory of this is completely blank. Perhaps my mother, who had already started cleaning up before I got home, was stowed in the storehouse with something and still exists somewhere as my property. Or it may have been mixed in with miscellaneous goods and passed into the hands of a waste shop. Since my hometown is rented to people, even if I happen to go home, I rarely have the opportunity to go to the closed Zashikikura. Not only that, these paintings were actually sunk deep into my territory for a long time. The double statue of this blue-clothed girl, Doppelganger, which I admitted in the Kogarashi of Kanda's night shop, burned up this almost disappeared memory at one time. The girl preserves the same youthfulness and innocence as it was 40 years ago, raises an emerald-colored pupil, and looks at the statue of Our Lady between the walls. The blue of the kimono and the crimson of the cheeks seemed to be fresher than they used to be.
I just gave a glance 《Ichibetsu》 and I inertially came to the stop in Jimbocho. The next time I found it, I thought I would buy it, and the train I was on was already running over the Suidobashi towards the northern sky of Shimoya. The only clue to what happened to my old oil paintings was because I was sunk in the red clay of the graveyard of Kumayama, my hometown, with my mother who had disappeared six years ago. there were.
After that, I was careful when I went to the night shop in Jimbocho, but I didn't meet this Aoi girl. Summer has come. Every time I walked along the streets of Kanda in search of a cool breeze after taking a bath in the evening, I found myself at the age of 54 looking for the appearance of this "first love" girl and smiled. Then, while remembering the illusion of Wells' short story "Tobira", I wondered if I would meet this kid statue again at any unexpected time and place next time. While stirring at the tip of the door, he sips a cup of Fujiya coffee.
[# Raise 3 characters from the ground] (September 1958, miscellaneous taste)



Bottom book: "Torahiko Terada's collection of writings, Volume 3" edited by Toyotaka Komiya, Iwanami Bunko, Iwanami Shoten
Issued the first print on May 15, 1948 (Showa 23)
Published the 20th edition on April 16, 1963 (Showa 38)
Issued the 64th edition on September 5, 1997 (Heisei 9)
Input: Momo Co., Ltd.
Calibration: Kaori Kato
Created June 25, 2003
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
