Youth sick people
Tamio Hojo

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Light << Hi >>

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) [# 5 indentation]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

[# 5 indentation] Fog night [# "Fog night" is a big headline]

[# 6 indentation] 1 [# "1" is the middle heading]

The night fog flowing from between the black groves and the thickets that continued to grow, crawls silently over the farm, which has a wide field of view, increasing the concentration while being exposed to the moonlight and becoming milky white. The pear field fades into the dim white smoke, and as the vineyards of the vines gradually melt, the dimly lit groves far away are glimpsed around the ward. The light of the ward and the light of the ward was dimly lit, and the ground was just painted in a milky white color, leaving the sight of the eyes between the sixty-seven. Eventually, when I began to feel the weight and weight of the kimono that had absorbed moisture, I felt a chill in my bare feet walking slowly, and I stopped and glanced at Toneko. Guy was. She stopped after a couple of steps, but Satsuki swelled her cheeks and continued to wake up, and even when she stopped, she stiffened her body while standing white without looking at me. The feeling of trying to call out was overwhelmed by it, and I silently started walking again. It was really mysterious to me why Toneko wanted to marry Mizue and I so strongly. I wondered if he was asked by Mizue, but when I think about Mizue's daily attitude, I don't think he's going to do it. Then, I wonder if I think that I love Mizue from the bottom of my heart. Or do you think that I and Mizue have a relationship that goes beyond that step?
Toneko started walking 56 steps after me, with her mouth snarling, but suddenly
He sharply called out, "Brother!" But I didn't feel like stopping, and as I walked over the fog, she fluttered and screamed at me, chasing me.
"You don't care what that person is, you feel like it, and you don't think it's guilty to trample on the affection of others," he said. Then, does Toneko think that I have a deep relationship with Mizue, but that is a mistake.
"You don't even want to reply."
She was already on the lookout and approached [# "Come on" is mom].
I looked at my sister-in-law's lips, which were tightly tied, while saying, "Isn't it really troublesome if you just get excited?" And I haven't been influenced by the unusual life of the two years since I entered this sanatorium, and I have the nature of her who goes out with the old-fashioned, simple and simple intensity. It made me feel something strong that I couldn't get. But at the same time, I must not feel the danger that she will be fragile and defeated in unexpected places because of her simple seriousness.
"Did your brother ever get rid of me? It's okay if you can tell me a little about how I feel [#" I'm not good "is mom]! "
"Sledding, Tone, I know only what I know [#" I know "is mom]. But when I look at my brother, I can't just walk straight like you did. There is also a road on the side. "
"Aside?"
"Oh, it's on the side. And even if I think about walking this way, it's often difficult to walk."
"Why can't I walk? I think that if there is something that gets in the way, I think I should go over it. Once I've decided on my preparedness, all I have to do is how to do it."
"It's a translation of Soriyama, but pride is also important for humans.
"Pride? I don't know what it is. Marrying Mizue-san will hurt my brother's pride."
She looked up at me with a somewhat despised tone. Looking at the white shoulders of the abundant Toneko, I realized that I was now exposed to a problem that was difficult for women to understand, and the sinner who struck a tightly closed door. I remembered a feeling of despair passing through my heart. Then Mizue's white body floated and disappeared, and I suddenly began to have a desire to tell Toneko all my current feelings. But,
When I said, "You're an idiot," I didn't feel like talking anymore, and I thought that I couldn't understand how much I could see this feeling in front of her, so I stopped. But on that beam,
"But Tone, why do you believe that I and Mizue are in a romantic relationship? There is a certain person in that woman, you know that. It should be a woman. " Then she stopped and screamed, almost screaming.
"Why does my brother have all the vague things, he tries to deceive me, and I don't want to live with him. That's why I hate men. I'm Mr. Monkichi. Of course, I know that. Is your brother an ambiguous person to Mr. Monkichi? "
"It's hard to say that it's a special case. However, if Mizue-san is stolen by me, I'll hang my crest and hang my neck."
"I don't have that problem."
"The problem is that one human is dying. And I have no reason to be Mr. Mizue, and Mr. Sori and Mizue are my favorite women, but there are others. ……. ”
"There are other people I love."
"For some reason, I can't say I can't do it. Psychology is constantly changing."
She suddenly shut up. He seems to be very angry. I suddenly heard a cry about what happened, so
When I wondered, "What do you want to do?", She screamed with a biting voice, and she was an idiot! I shouted and started to cry even more violently. I don't know how the change hit her heart. Anyway, tonight she shouldn't have been strange to me. She is always silent and silent, and as she continues to think deeply about something, her eyes are often directed toward her inside. I've been surprised many times by the fact that once I've decided on my thoughts, I'm struck by a man, but tonight's attitude is somehow different. I can't think of it. Then, suddenly, the figure of Daisuke Akitsu came to my mind. I know Toneko secretly loves him. He is a man who got sick in the law department of the university halfway and dropped out and came here. But I don't think he should be a bachelor of law in the future, he is a poet, and I have great respect for him. Then, something went wrong between Akitsu and Toneko, so I wonder if Toneko's psychology always turns into a different wind. And that is not the reason why it appears in the effort to bring me and Mizue together. I didn't understand after all.
"You don't understand my brother's feelings at all! I don't understand the woman's serious feelings at all." Please! I threw it and started to turn back the way I came from. I called him to go home, but he didn't even try to reply.
I strongly called "Tone!", And when I saw her half-disappeared in the milky white color, she walked up and waited.
"I will go home too."
However, she
"Do it yourself, I don't know. I don't think there's one that's as selfish as you. It's not good to think a little about your illness. You can stay as it is forever. I don't know that I'll be blind in less than five years. Can you live even if you're blind? I won't do it. You should know that there is no such thing. You have a way to abandon your current job and live. Can you see your suffering as it is? I don't know anymore. What do you like? "
She screamed as she slammed violently, and when she returned her legs, she had already run away deep in the fog. After glancing through the still swaying fog, I wandered into the orchard.
Is it love?
Marriage or
This reprocy was--, I muttered.

[# 6 indentation] Two [# "two" is the middle heading]

I felt like I could understand her feelings with him. In other words, she thinks that the only way to make her brother-in-law happy is to marry Mizue. Suddenly I started crying because I felt a cold in-law in my attitude. When I noticed that something like my step-in-law still had power, I felt like I made a new discovery, but when I look at her, I'll break up with my parents and siblings who have divided their blood and flesh. In the daily loneliness I send at the sanatorium, I am a familiar person and a reliable person, and the feeling of in-law that I suddenly see there must be unbearable. Of course, I think I shouldn't have that kind of feeling, but when I think of my daily attitude, it makes sense for her to think of me as cold. But what kind of attitude do I have other than that attitude I have now, of course I love her very much, but how should I express that affection? I do not know.
However, if you think about it carefully, I'm still sick of the cold nature. Toneko has a lot of love for her, as long as she knows her mother's skin. It must have been possible to develop a sense of morbid affection just because of the reactionary love of my mother to me. Those who do not know love may be unhappy, but it is also unfortunate to know only eccentricity. Rather, it seems that those who have been thrown into the ruthless reality of our world are as unhappy as those who have received a wealth of love. It's true that I'm hungry for love because I haven't received affectionate love from anyone, but I can stand alone and coolly clear my reason. is there. When I look at it in the case of Toneko, I feel a strong despair that I can't even imagine if I'm betrayed by my loved one.
However, in the case of tonight, how should I take an attitude toward Toneko, and is it possible for her to easily marry Mizue? I am a scholar. A leprosy patient marries a leprosy patient at a leprosy sanatorium-I and Mizue are mildly ill now, my hair and eyebrows are the same, there is no place like a sick person anywhere, and no one walks in the city It's not suspicious, but it's good to see it after a few years, maybe 78 years, the eyebrows are completely missing, the head is bald in a blunt pattern, and there are 56 leprosy in some places. It will look like a leprosy. It makes me feel irresistible just to think about this one thing, whether the round-cut shojo and the shojo are in love with each other. If so, I'm not confident that I'm prepared to live alone for the rest of my life, but I'm not sure where the hypocondeliac melancholy and irritation that once hits once every five days comes from. That's what happened. I can't go to either, and the surest place to decide myself is the world of death. But I don't have the energy to go there. I suddenly thought of the room I live in. The confinement room in that dimly lit ward had only one small window to vent the air-the window also had a horizontal bar and, in addition, a rocky wire mesh. It's a blockade in all directions. Just like the confinement room, my feelings are closed in all directions.
Before I knew it, I had already crawled into the water honey peach field. The mist-moist green leaves patted my face, so my heart stopped, reaching out and tearing off a wet leaf. When I got sick, the confinement room, and the crazy atmosphere that filled the mad ward, I didn't want to walk anymore. There was no place to sit down, and when I tossed the torn leaves, I stopped for a while and found myself. I wondered if it would be good if I could manage to do it forever, without any progress or change, and if everything could be done in a stationary state. Then Toneko somehow went to Daisuke Akitsu and felt like he was going to go, so he started walking again. I know that Toneko loves Akitsu, but I'm terribly anxious because I can also see how Akitsu hides his anxiety inside. Love for Akitsu's naive man never gives her a happy result, which is too obvious to me, but Toneko's naive woman is Akitsu's naive external simple clarity. It seems natural to love a man who treats people with such an attitude.
Next to the water honey peach forest is a pear field, and beyond that is a vineyard, and the shortest way to get to Akitsu is to go straight through the Ichijo road that lurks under the shelves. I walked a little faster. Toneko doesn't know me anymore while remembering the chills in the fog flowing into her bare chest, scraping her collar and brushing her hair hanging down her forehead. I had to feel like I was going to hit Akitsu with my whole body. Of course, I have no idea what to do about the relationship between the two, and I think that's fine, but I really knew how Akitsu would accept Toneko's love. It's very interesting how he deals with the problems I've had once. I don't know at all how far the relationship between the two will progress. So, I shouldn't be wondering what it's like tonight when Toneko lays down in front of Akitsu.
However, when I came to the entrance of the grape shelf, I suddenly heard a human voice from the shelf, so I stopped. It must have been Monkichi to shout out happily. You can easily tell from the characteristics of the Kansai accent that people like. The voice of a bright woman appears in Mizue. Soon after the two of them appeared, Monkichi soon noticed me, and someday he approached me.
"tonight."
I smiled instead of speaking out. Then, when I glanced at the back of Monkichi, I found that Mizue was hiding in the fog with the footsteps hidden. Her hem, which fanned the white space, clung to my eyes. Monkichi seems to be unaware,
While looking at my face asking, "Would you like to take a walk?"
"I'm sorry."
"If you show me what you like, I'll treat you."
When he laughed out loud, he rubbed his forehead and rubbed his forehead.
"I'm sorry for my younger brother's help," he said on the cut, so I wondered.
My younger brother is a multi-door idiot that I take care of in the confinement room. Monkichi has always had the habit of thanking my brother every time he met me. I think of the missing appearance between the glances and the Tamon, and tonight again he stands in the Meng Zong bush behind the ward and looks at the white space in a daze. Even so, I wonder why Mizue disappeared, probably because I didn't want to see him walking with Monkichi. The hem of her kimono, which flashed into the space, came up to the back of her eyelids again, and I looked at Chiyotsu and Monkichi and then explored the fog. But I couldn't see her. But anyway, I met him in a bad place. Of course, Monkichi shouldn't know how I and Mizue are like, but it was really unpleasant to meet someone for the two of us now. No difference. However, it is impossible to walk around in a small space without meeting anyone, and if you are unlucky, you may be able to find a place in the eyes of the patient director. It's not unusual at all.
Anyway, I have no intention of disturbing them,
"The crest night fog is poisonous to my body, so it's better to go home early and go to bed."
Using the Shikoku dialect, he said, "Mr. Minami, I'm sorry if I'm hilarious." Then, it would be quite difficult if they could hear Toneko's voice. Then he explained that he met across the Satsuki vineyard,
"Somehow, Tone-san got angry."
At that time, he might have noticed that Mizue wasn't there, but suddenly he started to rush and looked back, but
When I made a humorous voice that jumped up, "Hey!", I turned my whole body once and looked into the depths of the fog with my head down, but with a thick voice, "He, where did you go?" When I looked at my face in German, I was able to move my body for a while, but when I suddenly bowed my head, I suddenly ran into the shelf. Immediately I hit my head on the shelf and it hurt! When I screamed astonishingly and hugged my head, I rounded my torso, squeezed my neck, and started running all at once.

[# 6 indentation] Three [# "three" is the middle heading]

I didn't feel like visiting Akitsu anymore. I was soaked in the fog for a long time that my whole body became cold, and my legs became so tired that I wanted to go back to my room and take a rest. Suddenly, Mizue's lustrous skin emerged, but I didn't have a deep interest in it, and when I canceled it, I followed Monkichi and crawl under the shelf. It was dark inside the tunnel, but the moonlight spilling sparsely between the vine leaves crawling on the shelves spilled onto the ground. When I looked down and looked away, the outside of the shelf was white and bright [# "It was bright" is mom]. There is no wind, and the fog really stagnates and does not move.
When the appearance of Toneko, Mizue, Akitsu, Monkichi, and other young patients emerged, I felt uneasy. I think of my own distorted youth, and it goes without saying that they are also distorted and hurt. Even the simple ignorant people of Monkichi and the owners of the grass leaves floating on the surface of the water of Mizue are all distorted. They are all equally savage and destined to see only the dark side of life. Moreover, Mizue and Monkichi have become accustomed to this darkness and have not even realized that the world they live in is a terrifying world that is not found anywhere on earth. It is said that they are happy for them, but the fact that they are in this reality, whether or not they are aware of it, cannot be denied. Well, unknowingly, this reality is constantly attacking them, and what happens when this darkness has to be reflected in their consciousness, perhaps their own. The young blood lurking inside will kill them, and I'm not worried when I think about it. The suffering of Daisuke Akitsu, the suffering of Toneko, and my own suffering are all the same in the work that this young blood causes.
As soon as I got out of the vineyard, there was a crematorium. Next to the crematorium, there is a kiln for baking urns with teacups and teacups. I thought of a number of dead acquaintances, and nearly 2,000 of the same sick people who were burned in this small crematorium. Dostojevsky called the Siberian prison the house of death, but I wonder why the world I live in now is not the house of death either. The appearance of the patients who are pushed out of their social life and are chased into this is eventually carried out as a corpse from the exit of the ward, and the appearance of rushing toward the crematorium emerges. ..
If the house of death or prison is the house of death, this is the prison of life. Feeling dark, I passed by the crematorium and crawl into the wooded area. The lights in my ward were almost there.
"Wait!"
A woman's voice was suddenly heard through Aoba. I stopped and looked at the voice. Mizue. She walked alongside me, squeezing through the fluffy branches.
"I was hiding."
I looked up at my face and smiled. When I saw her, I could see her, but I didn't feel like smiling. She said to herself that she wouldn't be annoyed, and a little abandoned, she approached me and rubbed her shoulders. When do you know about Monkichi? But when she saw me silently, she left me on the side of the road and smashed the chestnut leaves with a squeak. As the bent branches bounced off and shook, the dew-wet petioles appeared white.
"It's already night, go home and go to bed."
In the same way as my brother 、
"Why don't you walk with me?" She silenced my words and approached me again, squeezing the incense of her hair on my face and playing with the chestnut leaves like a girl, but I was exhausted. I relaxed my whole body in the wind and sighed.
"I'm angry with the crest."
I remembered the appearance of hitting my head against the grape shelf, and somehow it came out, but it seemed to be serious.
"That person, I don't mind getting angry. My dad is bad, I'm the one he decided on his own. I want to do what I thought. I don't want to be swayed by anyone-- . "
The word "Monkichi" stabbed her heart, and it was an exciting voice. As the forgotten figure of her father flowed through my head, my heart began to feel the weight of leprosy. The father was also the same ill. He died about a year after I came here, but he said he had been moaning in a serious illness room for many years waiting for his death. Monkichi's father is actually crazy in the room next to my sickroom. It was decided that Mizue and Monkichi were married to Ihinatsuki when their fathers were still mildly ill and lived in Tokyo. Mizue's mother is not sick, and even after her father crawls into the sanatorium, she stays with her until she becomes ill.
"Because I'm a comrade's child anyway. 』\ Mostly, it seems that they were tied together with a feeling of humor. Mizue's mother died less than half a year after Mizue entered. --Leprosy--Leprosy, all around me are leprosy. Mizue, who is pulsating as the youthful blood flow overflows, eventually gives off a corpse odor while living in poisonous blood.
"I'm going home. I'm tired."
I was actually tired, so I wanted to go back to my room as soon as possible. She was annoyed and shook her upper body, but started walking silently. At the moment I looked into her, wondering if she was angry, but I couldn't even see her expression.
"What are you doing, Mr. Tone?"
After being silent for a while, I didn't talk to me, but I went to German.
"Did you meet Satsuki?"
"Did you meet, fight?"
"Are you angry?"
"Sauyo."
Then, the appearance of Daisuke Akizu came to my mind again, so I asked, "Have you ever been to Akizu?"
"Oh, I went with Tone-san. I don't think he's going out. I wonder if he's just inside such a hut. But he's a good person."
"How."
"What kind of thing, I envy Tone-san ..."
And he laughed with a squeak, but added, "Don't be with Mr. Tone. It will happen." I looked at Mizue's black head, but suddenly I wondered if this woman's heart was already leaning toward Akitsu, and Toneko asked Satsuki to marry such Mizue. It has been thought that the reason for the approach may be unexpectedly lurking in such a place. I don't think Akitsu will succumb to such a woman, but somehow she may lose. As I look at her head, I have never loved or loved this woman as much as I did before me, so I had a lover-like relationship with her. I remembered that he was a man, and thought about how far this head would go. Anyway, this is a rootless woman, I somehow found her head to look like an animal's head, and it was this animal nature that attracted me. Then, when the beast was swollen, a white body fluttering in the darkness began to flicker in front of me. When I realized that it had begun again, I relaxed my body as soon as I loosened the bones of my whole body, and tried to calm the rippling waves of emotion. As soon as I shook my nose, I tore the chestnut leaves and put them on her head. The leaf tsupa was blue in the moonlight as she walked on her head. Eventually, when I noticed the chestnut leaves, I raised my arm and wiped them off, staring at me.
"Why don't you go to that person?"
"Akitsu?"
"Yes."
"I'm sure I'm already sleeping."
"I wonder? It's about time."
"It's past ten o'clock."
My ward was shining a lamp right in front of me.



Bottom book: "Sadamoto Tamio Hojo Complete Works Vol. 1" Tokyo Sogensha
October 20, 1980 (Showa 55) First edition
First appearance: "Sadamoto Tamio Hojo Complete Works Vol. 1" Tokyo Sogensha
October 20, 1980 (Showa 55) First edition
* The bottom book is a large scale of "ga" (ward number 5-86) used for counting things and place names.
Input: Nana ohbe
Proofreading: Shoko Tomita
Created September 9, 2016
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
