Record of life and death
Yoshio Toyoshima

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Emperor Yao

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Five | Tile << Gram >>

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Numbers are JIS X 0213 area area number, or original page and number of lines)
(Example) * [# "Ten + Inferior", Level 3 1-84-77]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

On October 18th, the sky was clear and the sunlight was beautiful. A little after 12 o'clock, I got off the train at H stop and walked home. As I passed through the busy M-cho street, I suddenly decided to buy a toy for Takashi. Various things were lined up in the storefront of the toy store. I glanced at him and shook his head. It was very rare for me to have such an idea. And it was kind of weird. When I looked up at the sky, the clear blue sky took a round and eternal shape and made me lonely.
I walked in a hurry as usual and went back to my house on the quiet street between the temples.
When I entered the entrance, always greeted me alone. I felt a kind of unsatisfactory. Whenever I came back from work, Yoshiko, Suko, or Tsune usually greeted me by walking with a sword in my back. Yao came out with a laugh and a jump.
I silently took off my shoes, passed through the living room, and then looked into the tatami room. Yao was sleeping on the usual futon. Yoshiko was sitting beside her.
"What's wrong?" I said.
"Yes," said Yoshiko with anxious eyes. And I talked about this. --Around 10 o'clock, Yao took a nap as usual. I woke up at twelve o'clock. He seemed disappointed and wasn't feeling well. The forehead was hot. When I took the heat, it went up to 9 degrees and 8 minutes. When I was surprised and put it to sleep again, I fell asleep as it was.
Yao was born on January 11th of the year of the 咋 year and grew up strong. I had whooping cough in June. There was a pediatrician named S who knew us very well, so I asked him to see me and healed me before it got so bad. Then at the end of August I had indigestion. It was so light that I had to see a doctor named T nearby, but it didn't improve forever. Before I knew it, the illness became chronic. I also bothered the hands of S medical doctor. There were a couple of times when the illness became so severe that it was dangerous. My respiratory system was weak like me. However, depending on Mr. S's allowance, he saved his life. Mr. S always visited my house during the busy work of the university research institute. When the illness was alleviated, Yoshiko went to the university with Mr. S. And from around May of this year, I have been able to take medicine only occasionally. I started to eat fish meat by sipping porridge. The body, which had been debilitated by the illness for about a year since whooping cough, seemed to recover little by little. We took a breather from a year of hard work.
I looked back and thought, "It's a good thing." From that time on, a woman named K, who was a T-type resistance therapy, came to my house every day and rubbed her abdomen for enough or fifteen minutes to energize the function of the intestines. From the end of August, Mr. K should come about once every three days. From mid-September, it became once a week.
The emperor was getting fat little by little, little by little, out of the weakness of the year. I can now grow by myself without the help of others. Occasionally I had a bad stool or a fever, but it soon healed. Now I can grab things and walk. And the head has also developed remarkably. I knew everything well. We were delighted. At the festival of N Shrine, I bought a small manto, and ran around the house, holding it in my hand and letting people support my body from behind.
Yoshiko was pregnant with her second child. I was supposed to give birth at the end of September or early October, but I couldn't see any such pattern yet. The midwife said she didn't have to worry if she was a little late. He said, "I'm a child of a girl because she seems to have a lot of heartbeats." That's why one man and one woman just got better.
I looked into Yao's face that day. I slept well. When I touched my forehead, I still had a fever, but it seemed to have decreased a little. But anyway, I decided to call Dr. U near my family when I was a little bit. "It's okay!" I said.
We only ate. Whenever I had a meal, Yao sat in my cross-legged legs and ate. Since Yao was sleeping that day, I was strangely lonely when I sat alone in front of the table, which is unusual.
After a while after eating, Yao woke up. I was tired even if I hugged him. I had a piece of noodles, but I didn't even try to eat it and immediately threw it away. Even after I started eating, I used to eat porridge only during the day and evening, and always eat goat milk and noodles in the morning. Also, during the meal, I couldn't get sugary sweets into my intestines, so I used to eat noodles whenever I wanted something. Yao was always very happy to eat it. Every day, it was a little far, but the noodles were delivered from A-do because they were good. But that day I didn't even get the noodles. "What happened?" I met Yoshiko. But Yao didn't even cry. However, I was very sleepy.
Soon Dr. U came over. The medical examination is over. It was said that food was stagnant in the intestines. However, he said that he was not worried about it. I wasn't surprised because it was after a long time suffering from a terrible bowel illness, and that was so common.
I chilled my head with an ice pillow and also chilled my forehead. I had one bowel movement after 4 o'clock, but it wasn't too bad. I gave him the medicine I got from the doctor at five o'clock. When I took the heat, it went down to 7 degrees and 6 minutes.
"It looks like it was nothing," I said.
"I hope the fever goes down," Yoshiko replied.
However, we were somewhat anxious at the bottom of our hearts. Strangely, Yao seemed to want sleep. Even so, my eyes were clearly open at the time of meal, so I wrapped it in a fold and held it in my foot seat as usual. I stopped the porridge and did noodles. Yao ate the two pieces. Then I drank less than five goats.
I had one diarrhea after 6 o'clock. It was a deep blue stool. I had diarrhea once again around 8 o'clock. The blue color was strangely dark and dark. And I was finally asleep.
We suddenly became anxious when we thought it was bad. As for the emperor, we have been constantly threatened with intestines since last year. Moreover, since the summer of the year, there have been three of our close relatives who died of illness. I was nervous about illness and death. If Yao seemed to be in a bad condition, I immediately decided to ask an S medical doctor or a U medical doctor for a medical examination. Mr. U is a person who has a reputation for having excellent skills in pediatrics, and recently built a hospital specializing in pediatrics.
Mr. Sko immediately visited Dr. U with the stool of the Emperor Yao. The answer was that the color of the stool was due to the medicine, and that the bowel movement might be a little more frequent because the medicine contains some laxatives, but don't worry. Rabbit horn [# "Rabbit horn" is "Rabbit horn" in the bottom], it's already late at night, and I decided to see the condition until the next morning.
Around 11 o'clock, Yao wanted something. That day, I ate noodles and goat's milk for breakfast, and then I just took a small amount of it in the evening. So Yoshiko made Kuzuyu. And gave that small amount. Then Yao slept peacefully for a while. The fever had dropped to seven degrees and three minutes.
We were silent for a while at the pillow of the emperor Yao. But somehow I became very lonely. I told him that he suddenly thought about toys when he came back from M-cho street in the daytime. "Now, when a little boy gets sick, it's like the bug told him," I said. "I wondered if I could have dysentery again ..." said Yoshiko.
We got to the floor around 12 o'clock. When Yoshiko was near the birth period, Yao began to sleep with me, but that night Yoshiko slept with Yao in her arms.
I had diarrhea twice that night. The color of the stool was very bad. However, it didn't seem to be in a bad condition even in the morning. The fever was six degrees and four minutes. "I hope this is enough," I thought.
I had strict public affairs. So, as usual, I left home after 6 o'clock. But I was constantly worried. And I came home at 11 o'clock.
Yao was asleep. The condition did not change. It seems that Dr. U came around 10 o'clock and washed the intestines once. I had diarrhea once in the morning and once after I came back. But this time, the stool contained a very small amount of dark red stuff. I had no appetite.
I felt that this should not be done. I suddenly remembered that Yao had almost no appetite, even when he had severe indigestion. I was a little upset. Yoshiko, who was waiting for me to return, suddenly started making noise.
Around 12 o'clock, Yao was terribly vague. "I wonder if I'm in a state of lethargy," I thought.
I asked Mr. S, who had finished eating in a hurry, to drive the car as soon as possible. "Mr. U or Mr. S, if they didn't live together, urgently ask someone ..." I asked. I thought it was without the permission of Dr. U, but I couldn't wait while I refused it.
Me and Yoshiko were on the pillow of Yao. Yao yawned.
"It's a good idea to yawn," I said.
"Come on," replied Yoshiko.
However, my heart was so uneasy that I had to think that it was okay. And that anxiety really came into shape.
"You have strange eyes," said Yoshiko.
I looked into Yao's eyes. Both eyes were a little closer. -Yoshiko seems to have seen the eyes of such a sick person. When my sister's illness got worse after I returned to the country last summer, Yoshiko saw her eyes close. "Y-chan, your eyes are strange and you're very close," said her sister. "Oh, for some reason, it looks like two things and it's annoying and has no specifications." Shortly thereafter, my sister died. So Yoshiko told me later.
It was too temporary. Yao shook his hands a little, and at the same time, his eyes turned a little. And then it became quiet again. After enough, the same thing happened again. "It's a convulsion!" That kind of thought flashed in my head like a lightning bolt. I couldn't do it anymore. The minor convulsions struck frequently. We were still holding a small hand in the 堯. I moved my face closer and further away, but my eyesight seemed to be very weak. Smiled from time to time.
S child is back. We were relieved. --First, I went to U Hospital. He was on a home visit and was told that he could only return at around 7 o'clock. Immediately I went to Mr. S of the university research institute. I just went to Yokohama and was absent. So I came back to U Hospital and asked for a deputy director. At the same hospital, there was a pediatrician named T who went to a university research institute and came out every Sunday. He called me from the hospital to the university. It was Mr. T's answer that he would go soon.
We waited for Mr. T.
After 2 o'clock, Yao seemed to have almost lost consciousness. No matter what I said or showed, I was vague. Minor convulsions also occasionally struck.
What time did such a sudden change occur? What kind of battle was fought in Yao's body while he was sleeping quietly and without suffering? "Boy, boy, what's wrong?" Yoshiko said with a face.
I couldn't wait for Mr. T to come. There is no mistake because Mr. Sko left his rickshaw at the hospital, but he was still annoyed. Just in case, I used to call the hospital by myself.
Mr. T came in the wrong place. Immediately after hearing about his condition, Mr. T went to see him. "It came terribly suddenly. Rabbit horn [#" Rabbit horn "is" exemption horn "in the bottom line] It would be nice to get medical treatment at the hospital as soon as possible. Was said.
"Is your brain okay? You can be stupid ..." said Yoshiko.
"Yes, don't worry about the brain," Mr. T replied.
In the conversation between Mr. T and us, it was found that Mr. T is a friend who is being researched at the same research institute of the university as Mr. S. It was very convenient. The U hospital asked Mr. T for everything. He injected camphor into Yao's right arm and returned earlier.
I made a makeshift preparation in a hurry. I wrapped the walnut in a blanket and wrapped it in a cat [# aside from "Neneko"], hugged it in my chest, and got in the car. Yao was in a half-sleep state. I had a slight convulsion once in the car. I turned my eyes down to the narrow top and bottom in the hood and put my lips on the forehead of the emperor.
I arrived at the hospital at 3:30. I was kept waiting in the reception room for about two minutes. Then I was guided to the hospital room. It was a 6-mat room on the second floor facing the courtyard, and it was nice that it was not a sleeper room.
The doctor, the female doctor, and the chief nurse were all treated as an emperor. A warm compress was applied to the stomach. I was asked by a doctor about the medical condition of the emperor Yao. Yao was already unconscious. --Fever 6 degrees 3 minutes, pulse 100, breathing 35.
After all things were done, I settled down for the first time. And it became powerful. I thought, "I'll get better!" There were many other inpatients in the hospital. Some children were walking around the corridor. For the first time today, some children were happy to be allowed a glass of porridge.
No convulsions occurred. But instead, vomiting came. Something like white mucous saliva came out of my mouth little by little. The doctor tilted his head. No food or drink was given, and no medicine.
Soon Suko came from home. An attendant nurse who asked the hospital to leave it also came.
Yao was asleep.
Around 6 o'clock, I asked Mr. Sko to go home.
Yoshiko was sitting still and looking at one place.
"What's wrong."
"It's the same."
"What about convulsions?"
"No. There was vomiting instead."
"Lot?"
"No, a little bit of saliva."
We finished the meal in a hurry.
Yoshiko also said she would go to the hospital. I stopped. I didn't know when I would give birth. It was a body that had already passed the scheduled date for two weeks. It was the most dangerous to be shaken by a rickshaw.
"I'll walk slowly because it's close," said Yoshiko.
I finally agreed. We left home together. It was a cloudy night.
"I'm already prepared. This time I felt like I couldn't do it from the beginning."
Yoshiko had a strangely sharp intuition. I often used to say various things in advance.
"What's okay!" I said. "If you can't do it, we will heal you."
We walked with our eyes still.
"Are you okay."
"Yes. If you really think about it, your body will be unexpectedly anything."
About the hospital, when I entered the hospital room, Mr. Sko and the attendant nurse were sitting silently in the room.
It seems that Mr. U returned and had a medical examination while I was away. Then wash the intestines once. No medication was given because of vomiting. But sometimes I dripped saline solution on my lips little by little. Yao swallowed it half unconsciously.
It was decided that I and Yoshiko would be with me that night. The man was not allowed to stay in the hospital, but was specially allowed.
Suko returned. Later, he delivered the regular futon and diapers. I decided to rent a nurse's troupe at the hospital.
Mr. U came to visit again after 8:30.
"Isn't it dysentery?" I asked.
"No, dysentery is rare in infants under the age of 34. It's a severe dyspepsia. After a long dyspepsia, it can often be abrupt during the recovery period."
"I don't seem to be conscious."
"That's right. I had symptoms of poisoning. Poisoning is not food or anything else. The poisoning has invaded my brain."
I didn't have to ask anything anymore. In addition, Mr. U told the nurses to disinfect the stools on both rabbits and horns [# "Rabbits and horns" are "exemptions and horns" in the bottom line]. Also stayed at.
However, we were calm. And I had no choice but to rely on Mr. U. Mr. U's appearance reminiscent of a foreigner, his large body, his gentle words, and his skill, which has a good reputation in the world, were enough to trust us.
"You're a friend of Mr. S, right?" Said Mr. U. "S's child was also recently hospitalized for pneumonia."
We became stronger. And it was just regrettable that Mr. S went to Yokohama and was absent.
We took the wrist of Yao and looked into its face. Yao had his eyes wide open. Both eyes were no longer close. But it didn't look good at all. On that side, we found our hearts tightened, which we couldn't do anything about. Time just passed.
The nurse filled out a condition table near 12 o'clock that night. --The heat is 8 degrees and 2 minutes. Pulse 120, breathing 42. Eight vomiting, two urine, two bowel movements, one intestinal lavage.
The nurse was put to sleep from around 3 o'clock. She slept to the left of the emperor. I slept to the right of the emperor. Yoshiko was awake at the pillow. But I couldn't sleep. I replaced Yoshiko, but Yoshiko couldn't sleep either. It was hot and humid in the hospital room.
And the dawn just dawned. The nurse put a piece of gauze on Yao's face and cleaned the room. After cleaning, I left the top of the window slightly open. From there, the cool light of a cloudy morning flowed into the room. But for us, that day was also a day that lasted directly from night. Everything was just brighter, and the light of the lamps replaced the brightness of the sun through the clouds. Yao had his unconscious eyes wide open. There was no pain and no joy. I moved my lips from time to time. I gave a saline solution each time. I was so happy to see it moving my mouth and swallowing it.
A heavy and quiet day continued, with everything stagnant. The past was directly revived toward the future. --Yao liked the top. I used to spin it at home. I thought I'd bring it to the hospital room when I got better. ――Whenever I went out, Yao followed me. He seemed to think that he would go out whenever he changed his kimono. Then he pointed to his outing chan-chan [# "chan-chan" as an emphasis mark] hanging on the nail of the lintel. I always wore it when I went out. I thought I'd put that chan-chan [# "chan-chan" as an emphasis mark] in the hospital room. --I could see a corner of the graveyard from the window on the second floor of my house. Standing by the window and saying, "Nono-chan," Yao put his small hands together. Later, without saying anything, I looked at the stone pagoda in the graveyard and put my hands together. The height was just right for the emperor to stand by the window of the hospital room. I couldn't see the graveyard from the window. Instead, I thought that on moonlit nights, the moon would be visible, and on moonless nights, the round light towards the moon would shine brightly.
However, there was a big emptiness between the past and the future. There, Yao lost consciousness and lay still. I closed my eyes and sat on the pillow. It was hard for me to sit down, I lay down for a long time and held my head in both hands.
A doctor came to visit us in the morning. There was a medical examination of Mr. U after 9 o'clock.
"What about vomiting?" Mr. U asked the nurse.
"There is no one after midnight."
Mr. U was staring at the patient's face. I didn't ask anything anymore.
From around 10 o'clock, we decided to give 5 ｜ tiles of human milk every two hours. The milk squeezed the female doctor's. At the same time, medicine was given before and after that. Saline was also given in between. When the water accumulated in his mouth, Yao moved his mouth and swallowed it well.
Mr. Sko has delivered various things. Around 11 o'clock, Yoshiko's father, Mr. A, visited us. He was informed of Yao's illness because he was a messenger and asked to sign a hospitalization certificate. Soon after, Mr. I, a midwife of Yoshiko, came to visit us. I heard from Mr. A's house. Mr. I was also the person who picked up Yao. I looked into Yao's face with anxiety and tilted my head. I was also worried about Yoshiko's body, but I didn't say anything about it.
"I wish you had slept at home for a while," said Yoshiko.
"You should have slept. Sleep here."
However, that was almost impossible. Yoshiko was dangerous in her body to go home. In the evening, Yoshiko decided to go to sleep, and I went home for a little rest.
Always was doing something alone. I laid a futon on the tatami room and slept. I could not sleep. When I opened my eyes, I saw a forbidden tag "Fuda" wrapped in blank paper on a pillar.
We moved to the house on the 14th of the previous month. Until then, the house in H town was a gloomy house with bad sunlight, but this time the house in S town was a sunny and bright upstairs house. The almost completely recovered Emperor Yao gradually became stronger. "This house is good for kids," we said. However, relatives later said that the direction was wrong. First of all, does the direction you move hit the demon gate? Secondly, the upper toilet is good, but the lower toilet may hit the demon gate of the house. Mr. A brought an old large round magnet. Upon closer examination, both the first and second were out of Oita north of the demon gate. Even so, Uncle R made a forbidden tag called a retired uncle and brought it to him. I stuck it on the pillar of the tatami room.
I didn't believe in Kusei or I Ching. I believed that everything was my will. I said that if there really was a supernatural law, I would win it with my own will.
"That's fine for you, but other people may not have that strong power and may fall down," said Yoshiko. For a long time, various misfortunes made her courageous and weak.
"Whatever the householder will protect with my own will," I replied.
But do I really have that power?
I couldn't sleep thinking about that. I got up and walked around the house. Then I went upstairs and opened the cupboard towards the 3 tatami mats. There was a new mortuary tablet of my father who died on the 11th of this month last year and has just finished his week's death. I put on candles and incense sticks before that. It was so natural for me at that time to do so. Yao often joined hands before that.
There was a small box under the Buddhist altar. I tried opening it. There were small sandals and a statue of the demon mother god.
My house was a country house in my hometown, and children did not grow up for generations. It was all adopted children who succeeded the house. So did my grandfather. My grandfather had several children, but my father, who succeeded him, was not the grandfather's child either. It was a child who was born on the belly of my grandmother for some reason. My mother was worried about it. And he was so worried that he was sick for a long time, and he asked me to pray to the devoted demon mother god. So Yoshiko took the emperor and prayed to the demon mother god of Zoshigaya. I got a small pair of sandals. For the next two years, he became a child who served on the side of the demon mother god. I had to visit once a month.
When I saw the little sandals, I was intrigued by tears. I came down from the second floor and entered the futon again. "I'm a favorite this year, so I don't care what I do. I just have to stay still." I remembered the words my mother said when I returned to the country in the summer.
Various invisible supernatural bad things stood around me. "I will conquer everything," I told myself. However, as people say, if Yao was carrying my troubles, which were piled up many times ... "I will protect the emperor with my own power. The emperor is my own!", But my heart was strangely screaming. It was a sudden illness too. "I felt like I couldn't do it from the beginning ..." said Yoshiko.
In a heavy mood, I was drowsy for about an hour. I couldn't stay still when I opened my eyes. I immediately left home. Yao-chan [# "chan-chan" has an emphasis mark] hanging on the lintel in the room remained at the bottom of my eyes.
I wanted to walk around for a while. But before I knew it, I soon came to the hospital. Yao was sleeping still in the same way.
"Are you okay?" I said.
"What?" Yoshiko raised her face. She was confused as to whether my question was directed at the critically ill 堯, or at the hungry baby who was about to be born.
"Who are you?"
Yoshiko smiled lightly for the first time, saying, "Yes."
From the evening, ten tiles of human milk were given to the emperor. There was no vomiting that Mr. U was most worried about.
It would be very fortunate if even the ten tiles of human milk settled down. In the evening, I gave an intestinal injection of saline solution, but it was hardly absorbed and came out. The fever, pulsation, and breathing were only increasing. An ice sac was constantly applied to my head. The forehead was also cooled with water. However, the forehead could only be cooled occasionally. If I continued for a while, I was likely to cause cyanosis immediately. No, a minor cyanosis had already occurred. At night, as soon as I had cooled my forehead, it became cold around my cheeks, and the color was about to change.
The pulse became stagnant from time to time. An injection of camphor was given. It took a long time to drink ten tiles of human milk. It seemed to be very tiring when it was done.
I said at the time of Mr. U's rounds at night.
"Is my brain okay? Isn't it stupid even if it gets better?"
"Yes, it's okay, because I didn't have meningitis."
I was ashamed to be stared at by Mr. U. It wasn't the case anymore. But ...
When Mr. T was hit before hospitalization for the first time, that was the first thing Yoshiko heard. We wanted to die painlessly if our heads were stupid anyway. But where did that thought go now?
I thought, "Just save my life!"
I and Yoshiko stared at each other. Without saying anything, I stared at each other's eyes.
However, when we were having dinner in the cafeteria, we whispered something like this.
"It's bad."
"Why is it really bad? I can't eat it at all."
"Of course it's cheap."
"Even if you don't have anything, it's better to eat at home."
The word "house" quickly silenced us.
At night, Yoshiko said that her belly was a little strange. I told him to go home soon.
"I'm not sure yet, so I'll take a look at it," said Yoshiko.
It started to rain. The sound of rain made the inside of the hospital even worse.
Yao seemed to have a gradual decline in swallowing action. I couldn't drink ten tiles of human milk all at once and stopped halfway through. It seemed like a lot of effort to swallow the liquid that had accumulated in the mouth. We didn't know what to do. There was no chance of recovery without giving anything, and giving it was painful for Yao. Still ... I still had to give human milk and saline from time to time. I didn't take any medicine anymore.
Even so, there was no expression of pain on Yao's face. There was even a shadow of a sloppy smile. I remembered that face, and somehow I licked Yoshiko's nipples and smiled badly. Recently, Yao didn't try to suck with his face off even if he had his breasts attached.
Late at night, I stared at the nurse's condition table.
Morning-heat 8 degrees 2 minutes, pulse 128, breathing 44,
Noon--heat 8 degrees quarter, pulse 136, breathing 42,
Evening--heat 9 degrees 4 minutes, pulse 134, breathing 52,
Night-heat 9 degrees 2 minutes, pulse 140, breathing 45,
Urine twice, stool 5 times, nausea 2 times, camphor injection 2 times, intestinal injection 1 time, human milk 5 tiles 3 times, 10 tiles 3 times.
I threw myself on the futon laid there. And I didn't think about anything. It wasn't a cowardly attitude. And I was drowsy.
When I opened my eyes, Yoshiko was sitting still, leaning against a small desk. He had an extremely tense look.
"Can't you?"
"Yes, that's right."
Yoshiko went to the toilet.
"That's right."
"Then you should go home soon."
"Yes." And Yoshiko stared at the corner of the room.
I woke up the sleeping nurse.
The nurse got up and went into the telephone room. I followed him later. It was already one time. The palace didn't get up very often. Still, I finally got up. I urgently ordered two rickshaws.
Yoshiko already remembered a slight labor pain. I put my lips on the forehead of Yao. Yao seemed to be sleeping. Or maybe he was awake.
I took Yoshiko's arm. We went down the stairs of the hospital where we fell asleep. The nurse opened the front door. I immediately returned her to the hospital room.
The rain was hazy. The darkness was deep and clear outside. While standing leaning against my arm at the front door, Yoshiko clasped my hand tightly.
"I'll ask you for the little boy, for the little boy," said Yoshiko.
"Oh okay."
"Please hold your hand firmly, right?"
The scene of Yao's death was clearly reflected in our hearts.
The rickshaw hasn't come yet. I went outside. Looking through the dimly lit street, I saw the fire of the lanterns of the Tadashiya over there.
"Did you come?"
"Oh now."
Yoshiko was caught in my hand again.
"About the little boy. Look at the emperor."
Instead of replying, I held her tightly.
Immediately, the Tadashiya came. "To S town," I said and took Yoshiko out.
One of the Tadashiya looked through us.
"Oh, were you your wife?"
"Ah, is it Mr. Y?"
One was Y, the owner of a tatami shop who knew us for a long time. He also knew our relatives'house and the midwife's house, Mr. I. It was convenient. So I decided to have the owner go to the midwife's house. Yoshiko got on the rickshaw of the young people. And silently bowed in front of me.
I stood outside and saw off the two rickshaws who separated into right and left and left. Then I closed the front door. When I returned to the hospital room, I had a nurse close the entrance.
I sat alone on the pillow of Yao. Then I closed my eyes.
I wasn't worried about Yoshiko. It was completely prepared from the front. There was Suko and Tsune at home. Mr. I was always waiting for me to call from my house. It seems that there is no other use that is just imminent. After that, the birth was nearly 20 days behind schedule, but I said there was nothing to worry about. Mr. I had a solid arm and head. Also, in the case of dystocia, I had been talking to him for a while to ask the director of S Hospital to come immediately.
Still, my heart flew toward the house. And I was staring at the emperor with my head. It was painful for me. "What's this about!" I said. And I put my lips on the forehead of Yao. Tears came for the first time. With tears I became stronger. "Isn't Yoshiko half of herself? Don't worry about half of herself," I said myself. Yoshiko's sorrowful heart and suffering of labor have returned to me. And I was able to sit still on the pillow of the emperor with all of myself.
I forced the nurse to sleep.
The night was quiet and made no noise. Time seemed to stop. As I closed my eyes, I could see the whole of the emperor in front of me.
I was expecting the future from the head of Yao. -From the time of birth, Yao never stuck to the nipple of the rubber unless it was the mother's breast. ――I had a clear preference for toys. I never got something. Also, when I started to take something, I was obsessed with it and never let go of it for a long time. ――When it was night, I suddenly started crying. At that time, no matter how much milk I gave or hugged, I couldn't stop crying. The meaning came to us later. At that time, there was always something I had in my daytime. As soon as I took it, I stopped crying and slept in my hand. -I never laughed at strangers. A person from another house turned to the outside. ――I was always strangely silent. I often bought entertainment pictorials. I was watching it over and over again with my small hands. --For the last few months, it seemed like we could understand everything. I often started crying when I was harshly speaking to my wife for mental reasons. I was happy that we were talking happily.
However, since I was almost ill, my body was completely delayed in growth. We thought it was a good thing. Besides, it seemed that my head wasn't affected by the high fever. The white eyes were clear and blue. It's been another year and 10 months, but I couldn't say a word because of my poor growth, but I usually taught pee [# "pee"]. Something seemed to always speak well. Then I don't know why, but I was very scared of the whistle of Anma. Even when I was playing around, when I heard the whistle of massage, I immediately turned my face down in my mother's pocket.
But where did Yao himself go now? ...... I stared into Yao's face. I slept with a peaceful face. The eyes were covered with gauze soaked in boric acid water. There was a slight failure of the cornea. I took the gauze. Yao opened his eyes vaguely. I moved my mouth happily. Immediately I gave him a saline solution and swallowed it.
I stood up softly, replaced the ice in the ice sac, and brought a cup of human milk ten tiles. There was a small box next to the washroom with a tag called No. 8. It contained ice, human milk, and medicine for Yao's hospital room. The air around was cold.
Yao often drank the ten tiles of human milk that I gave at 3 o'clock. I was happy.
When I was sitting still, I suddenly felt like I didn't know what to do. My whole body was drawn toward Yao with a great force. I wanted to hold the emperor in my arms and chest, strongly and strongly. All of Yao were mine [# "things" as an emphasis mark]. It was my own. You don't have to be conscious. Both suffering and joy, Yao melts into my heart. Something big drags me towards Yao. ... I was resisting the force by biting my lips. My eyes were dazzling. Suddenly something broke. I was staring at the emperor, as if I was an idiot, breathing. And by myself, my breathing was in tune with Yao's fast breathing. I couldn't do anything about it. I can't stand it. I threw myself there and scratched my head * [# "Tehen + Inferior", 3rd level 1-84-77].
After such a bout of mind passed, I found my own mind that was deeply and greatly calm and calm. I touched the ice sac and saw the pulse on the wrist of the emperor Yao.
It was around 4 o'clock, it seemed that the number of breaths in Yao suddenly increased. When I measured the number, it was 57. I'm getting anxious. I closed my eyes and tried to pour my life into Yao.
The night dawned before I knew it.
The nurse cleaned the room. I ate a bad dining room meal. A doctor came in the morning and injected camphor. A nourishing injection was given to the intestine, but it was hardly absorbed.
Around 8 o'clock, Mr. I visited me. I was relieved to see the face. I understand everything.
"Thank you for your childbirth. At 3:30 this morning, with a baby girl. Both of you are okay."
Mr. I's voice was low. Oh, why should I lower my voice? But I also had a low voice.
"Thank you for your shadow."
Mr. I stared at the condition table and then looked into Yao's face.
"Please pick it up." Mr. I took the gauze from both eyes of Yao. For some reason I was so happy that tears came out.
"Do you see Bo-chan, Bo-chan?" Mr. I moved his face closer and further away. Yao didn't seem to see anything anymore. After a while, Mr. I went home.
For some reason, Mr. A came to visit us. Suko is coming soon.
"I was told that I should come back a little after the examination," Suko told me a word from Yoshiko.
There was a round of Mr. U at 9 o'clock. I didn't ask anything anymore. After the examination, I went out into the hallway with the intention of returning.
"As you can see, it's in the same condition as that, so it can't be helped. It may be dangerous tonight. It's better to be on from the afternoon."
I was not surprised at all. Such words didn't make any sound in my heart. I just bowed my gratitude.
I ran home. Mr. T came.
I immediately went to the 8 tatami mat room. Yoshiko stared at my face while lying down. I took a peek inside the small futon on Yoshiko's side. I was surprised. There was a baby's face that looked exactly like the emperor Yao. I slept comfortably.
I sat on Yoshiko's pillow. I squeezed Yoshiko's hand out of the futon. Powerful and indescribable tears came out.
We were silent for a while.
"How was it? Was it painful?" I said.
"Yeah. Still, the time was early instead of the intense labor. At 3:30. I was holding Mr. S's hand."
At the time of Yao, Yoshiko was holding my hand.
After a while, Yoshiko said.
"How was it?"
"It's the same, but it doesn't change."
After a while, Yoshiko said again.
"Isn't it wrong?"
I watched Yoshiko's eyes. It was a cheerful and clear eye that seemed to be full of spirit.
After a while I said.
"It's still okay, but you have to be prepared."
Yoshiko agreed.
"When I got home, in Mr. U's words, it was difficult tonight."
Yoshiko agreed again.
"Okay. It's time to be really solid. It's here that I've always said that I have to develop a mind that can stay still no matter what happens. You used to say that our departure was already life-threatening from the beginning. You have to grasp that feeling clearly. Especially you are an important body now. Even if you are sensitive Don't be emotionally moved. You know, you know. "
The voice was low, but my words seemed to yell. Yoshiko silently nodded. After a while I looked into the baby's face again. I touched the cheek with my fingertips. It was as soft as silk.
Yoshiko smiled with an indescribable tightening smile. I suddenly tried to reduce the number of days. Yao's birthday was January 11th. It had been more than 280 days from that day to today. A feeling that neither good nor bad came to me. But I got stronger. I clasped my hand firmly.
I came to the next room and talked with Mr. T for a while. After hearing the condition of Yao, Mr. T must have tied his lips.
"I'll come again," T said when he returned.
"Oh, but it's okay. If you don't, it's midnight tonight. No, tomorrow's dawn may be dangerous," I said.
I was lying in the room and staring at the ceiling.
"You!" Said Yoshiko.
"What?"
"Toward the hospital soon."
"Um."
I was still still for a while. And I left home after 11 o'clock.
"The next time I come back, I might hold a sword, because it's the case with a rickshaw."
Yoshiko agreed.
"Is it okay?" I looked into Yoshiko's eyes. "You will understand."
"Yes," Yoshiko replied flatly.
I went out. Thin clouds were flowing in the sky. The light of the sun sometimes faded.
The emperor and the born child became one and covered me. One was death and one was life. It was two loves. Both sides turned round and round. I almost turned my eyes. Suddenly, the two flew away. I saw myself strangely incomprehensible. And at that time, the figure of the emperor, the figure of the emperor jumping with all the lights, was clearly reflected in my head. "I'll get better, I'll get better." I shouted to my heart. "I'll show you what I'm patient with," he shouted.
Near the hospital, I met Mr. A who was coming to my house. I just bowed. I met Mr. T at the entrance of the hospital. Mr. T greeted me from under the strong near glasses.
"I'm going to see you right now."
I became stronger.
When I entered the hospital room, Yao was still sleeping quietly. When I took my wrist, I could hardly feel the pulse on my fingertips. Hmm ... I was breathing so quickly that I was panting.
I grabbed my lips and closed my eyes.
A doctor and a female doctor came to visit after 12 o'clock.
"It can't be helped," said the doctor. "I hardly feel any pulsation on my wrist."
Camphor injection was given to the chest. Little reaction was visible. After a while, when the trace of the injection was examined, the meat became thicker and the camphor remained unabsorbed as it was injected.
"My heart is getting weaker."
The heart started to weaken around yesterday evening. I wondered why I wouldn't start the injection of Diggalen, but I probably couldn't do it anymore.
"If there is a place to inform ..."
I heard that word at that time. But I answered "No." Actually, I had a few relatives and friends to know, but I didn't want a lot of people to come in that case. I wanted to keep nurses and S children away if possible. I just wanted to be with Yao.
The nurse filled out the condition table.
Morning-heat 9 degrees 3 minutes, pulse 134, breathing 54.
Noon--heat 9 degrees 1 minute, pulse 154, breathing 56.
Two stools, one nausea, three camphors, one nourishing intestinal injection, two human milk tiles.
I couldn't do it anymore. The heavy and blind time went by. How small my screams and motivation were in front of what was being pushed forward with a great force without a momentary pause. But isn't it all mine?
Mr. T also visited us.
"It can't be helped, isn't it?"
At one time, especially Mr. U came to visit us. I didn't say anything anymore. Mr. U was also silent. We just bowed low.
I was staring at Yao's panting breathing. "Bon-chan, Bo-chan!" I said in my heart. That was the word I always called when Yao was born. Then, after a while, I repeated in my heart, "Sorrow, 堯!". In my heart, I felt that the emperor was moving far and far away from me. I was holding the hand of Yao. There was no hope or despair in me anymore. The inside of my body was sweating.
When the attendant nurse stood up, the doctor and the chief nurse came in.
"It's the end," said the doctor.
I didn't understand. I bit my lips.
After a while, the pant-like breath of the emperor took a long time. I suddenly stopped breathing. As I stared at it, I heard a faint squeezing sound in my chest.
A small cup of water was brought with a brush. I got the lips of Yao with that. I got it wet.
"I'm sorry ..." said the nurse.
Suko cried aloud.
An unknown thing came up from the bottom of my chest. I shed tears. How much I loved Yao. And how much I loved you!
I knew almost nothing after that. Only me, Suko, and the attendant nurse remained in the room. The face of Yao was covered with a white cloth. When I stared at it, the collar of the futon seemed to move, as if I was still breathing. When I took the white cloth, Yao had his eyes slightly open. I was smiling. The forehead was still warm. The nurse rubbed her eyelids and tried to close her eyes. By all means, my eyes remained a little open. "It's better," I said. A white cloth was put on again. A smiling face with a slightly open eye, which tends to be a gentle black eye, was engraved in my brain.
We were sitting as it was. Suko kept holding her handkerchief against her face. I endured it.
At that time, Mr. Y came to visit us. When I went out to the front door, I suddenly had a cramp in my entire face and couldn't speak. Mr. Y misunderstood Yao and Yoshiko. Gradually, I said about Yao and what I couldn't do. And I got him back at the entrance.
Because of the burial permit, I had to go to the ward office and the police station. I thought I'd be a messenger, but decided to go by myself. I received a death certificate from the medical office saying, "Death at one time forty-five minutes in the afternoon of October 21, 1918, severe dyspepsia."
The palace shop has arrived. The master who knows also came. I had my husband run to my relatives to notify me of his death. Then I got on the young rickshaw and went to the ward office and the police station to get a burial permit. The burial place was the graveyard that my father buried last year in his hometown.
When I came back, the nurse completely cleansed the body of Yao. Suko packed up her luggage and was on that side. I went to say hello to the doctor and the chief nurse. Mr. U was just in the reception room downstairs.
"It was a pity," he said.
"Thank you for everything."
I bowed my head politely.
There was a notification that the Tadashiya had arrived. I held the emperor in my chest. Yao had his small hands folded around his chest.
The rickshaw was turned toward the back gate. I got on the first rickshaw and lowered the hood. Luggage was placed on the next rickshaw. At the end, Suko got on. And we got out of the back gate.
I just couldn't think that Yao was dead. When I took the white cloth on my face, I opened my eyes a little and smiled. I hugged it in my chest and put my lips on its face. It was cold. It was a bottomless cold. I pressed my lips still, as if to suck the cold into my mouth. A cold horror was transmitted to my whole body. And I suddenly felt a certain fear, a certain holy fear. I also covered Yao's face with a white cloth. I felt like I had grabbed the meat in my chest.
And that was extremely holy. I closed my eyes.
When I got home, I went to Yoshiko's room while holding the emperor. I first dropped my eyes on the baby's face.
I trembled all over my body and met Yoshiko's eyes. Yoshiko's tense gaze pierced my chest.
"What time?" Said Yoshiko.
"Temporarily forty-five minutes!" I replied.
I took the emperor to Yoshiko's place. Yoshiko hugged the emperor while sleeping. I took the white cloth on my face and stared at it. There was a smiling, living face there. Then, when he saw his small hands tied to his chest, Yoshiko suddenly hugged him. I clenched my teeth and shed tears.
"Boy, boy!" Said Yoshiko. "Why didn't you die while your mom was there! Boy, boy!"
I sat on that side and caught Yoshiko's shoulder. And he turned his tear-soaked face toward me. I looked into that eye.
"The Emperor has returned to us!" I said.
Yoshiko agreed.
I hugged the emperor again.
Mr. A and uncle R came over. I passed everyone to the next room and closed the paper in between. I always laid a futon. And while holding the emperor, I entered the futon. The baby was sleeping with a small futon in the middle of the room. Beyond that, Yoshiko pressed her face against the pillow while lying down.
I hugged the emperor. I pressed my lips against the cold forehead again. The horror that came from a suspicious deep place was transmitted to my whole body.
After a while, I gently got up with the Yao lying down. Yoshiko was watching over me. And we saw the dry, tense eyes of tears.



Bottom book: "Yoshio Toyoshima's Collection Volume 1 (Novel 1 [#" 1 "is a Roman numeral, 1-13-21])" Miraisha
Issued the first print on June 20, 1967 (Showa 42)
First appearance: "Imperial Literature"
January 1918 (Taisho 7)
* The bottom book is a large scale of "ga" (ward number 5-86) used for counting things and place names.
Input: tatsuki
Proofreading: Masatoshi Matsunaga
Created October 14, 2008
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
