From the fact that the world's "cooking king is gone"
Rosanjin Kitaoji

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) The real thrill of "Daigomi"

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) At best |

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) Henachoko [# Emphasis mark on "Henachoko"]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

"French premier Itamae Auguste Escofier, who has been praised by foodies around the world as the'king of cooking', has recently died.
The old man was in a foreign country-especially because he stayed in places such as Britain, Germany, and the United States for a long time, and made the real thrill of French cuisine "Daigomi" from "Ambassador", so he was also called "Ambassador of gastronomy".
When I was wielding my arms at the Savoy Hotel and Carton in London, I don't know how many eaters came all the way across the sea to find his plate.
Before the war, Kaiser said that he had served the German Emperor for a while and that it would be easy to poison me. That is.
The death was treated by all the newspapers in Paris, who mourned the great loss, and the government rewarded the achievement with a medal earlier, seeing cooking as a field of art. It ’s a gastronomic behavior, is n’t it? ”
The article on the right is published in the Tocho on April 28th, leaving as "Cooking King died". The life of the culinary king is truly enviable.

All Japan is superior to foreign countries

The cooking king's cooking, as it were, if it was Japanese, I don't know if we ate his cooking almost every day.
From ancient times, we have thought that Japan is no less than any foreign country, as long as everything is spiritual, but it seems that no chef deserves this story. That's right.

Fundamental difference between Japanese and Western cuisine

However, it seems that Japanese food and Western food are fundamentally different. Western food is usually made by boiling and baking poor ingredients. Therefore, developed reason is most necessary. But I don't need eyes. That's because Western food isn't artistic. It cannot be said that the color of things plays a big role in Western cuisine. Therefore, it can be said that there is no dish with a color that pleases the eyes. Therefore, tableware is not well developed artistically. I'm just happy that it's white and clean.
When thinking this way, Western food is not considered to be very difficult. I don't know what kind of person the famous chef in the article is, but anyway, if it was a person who rang in the world, he must have been a person who liked cooking. It should be seen that having a taste genius was also the first factor to make a big name.
However, this person must have been well-known in the Western cooking world, not only because of his cooking skills, but also because he was a human being.

Finally, human problems

The power of the human being, the personality, or the fact that the human being was made, I think that it worked at the root and won the only crown in Europe and the United States.
When looking at the Japanese cooking world, if you have a kitchen knife, there are many people who can be used as masters. Even if it is boiled, there is no one who is useful for this, but there is no one who is made of human beings. Whatever you do, it is a fact that human beings are the fundamental problem. Human beings can make things. Obviously, that's what it's all about. Even if you can't do anything, if you can do it, it's fine. If a human being is made and a thing can be made, it is a demon and a gold rod. That is, it is a full-fledged human being.
In that sense, the current Japanese cooking world is lonely. Moreover, Japanese food is artistic and requires an aesthetic eye. In addition, since there are many varieties of food materials, it is necessary to have the experience and appraisal ability to distinguish them one by one.
There are a wide variety of eels, eels, and radishes. I don't know how many ways there are from pins to holes. It is not an easy task to distinguish between good and bad, grasp the characteristics, think about the pros and cons, and make a reasonable, legal, truly beautiful, delicious dish. It is not something that can be done by a person who is completely strange [# aside from "Henachoko"].

Examination of Japanese and Western dishes of different qualities

Because Japanese food has good ingredients, it can be eaten deliciously without using complicated techniques like Western food. If it's a good fish, sprinkle it with salt and bake it directly over charcoal, which makes it one of the best dishes. If the vegetables are fresh, you can easily eat them without any hassle. Therefore, in Japanese cuisine, the taste created by the chef's wisdom does not play a major role as a gastronomy, but it is fundamental to enjoy it by making the most of its natural taste. Complex seasonings and complex recipes are often useless in Japanese cooking.
In this way, Japanese food is extremely easy to think of, but it is quite difficult to taste the natural taste of this gift. It is a thing that very few people know this, and it is refused in this way.
Like Chinese food like Western food, the taste that humans have repaired is easy for the public to understand. But what seems to be obvious and difficult to understand is to know the natural taste as before.

Natural taste that is generally difficult to understand and artificial taste that is easy for the general public to understand

The number of natural flavors is really large. If there are a thousand species of fish, there are a thousand different flavors. If there are 10,000 vegetables, there are all kinds of characteristics. It seems that nothing is easy to taste and wear this one by one. No, I'm afraid to make use of it one by one. If you go there, the cooking method makes it extremely easy for a person to make a limited number of flavors. It's easy to remember from the numbers. Also, because it was made by the same human companion, it is easy to get close to directly. Perhaps because of that, most humans are pleased with the seasonings made by humans. After that, it's hard to walk further.
If you think of this as a painting, it is like a person who enjoys a picture that is not stupid is not interested in natural beauty. When I see a picture of Japanese pampas grass, I am happy even if it is an artistic picture that is not stupid, and when I see the true thin picture, I disregard it. Needless to say in terms of beauty, the real thinness is originally beautiful, but I do not understand the beauty of the thinness, and even if I am not good at it, I am pleased with the thinness of the picture.
Most of the time, even when it comes to knowing the taste, it is about this level. In short, a person who is a master of Japanese cuisine must be a person who recognizes the "taste" peculiar to nature in the tongue of the heavens and struggles to make the best use of it. Japanese food doesn't mean the skill of returning in a pot of Western food. The first priority is to discriminate between the quality of food materials. The power to do that is the one who knows the basics of Japanese cuisine. Moreover, it requires elements that allow art appreciation. The reason is that the better the food, the more the tableware and other items related to the food will increase the artistic value.
Japanese food is not something you see, but something you can see. Unless it's a dish eaten in the darkroom, and unless it's the food eaten by the blind, there should be no good dish that exists apart from beauty.
Did the French master Auguste Escofier know the beauty and taste of what it was all about? Speaking of pictures, at best | Wasn't it a skillful master skin like Suiho or Ganjiro? It seems that the number one Westerner in the world is often a humor.



Bottom book: "Rosanjin's Gourmet Notebook" Gourmet Bunko, Kadokawa Haruki Office
First print issued on April 18, 2008 (Heisei 20)
Parent of the bottom book: "Rosanjin Works" May Shobo
Published in 1993 (Heisei 5)
First appearance: "Hoshioka"
1935 (Showa 10)
Input: Hiroshi Kadota
Calibration: noriko saito
Created December 4, 2009
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
