The position of a ship doctor
Kan Kikuchi

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) In some places

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Yoshida ｜ Torajiro 《Torajiro》

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) [# Indent from here]

[# ...]: Return point
(Example) Agreed [# Les] Outward [# 2] Yoneri Ken [# 1]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

One

On the Izu Peninsula in late spring, late cherry blossoms "Osozakura" remain in bloom in some places, and rape blossoms are yellow in the terraced fields of Yamabuko, indicating that summer is approaching, and the tide is rising day by day. Sagami Nada, which has a bluish tinge, is hazy with a rice terrace, and Oshima, who emits thick smoke that cannot be mixed with white clouds, is lying on the surface of the water as a vagueness. It looked peaceful.
However, the two young samurai who traced from Atami to Ito in such a scenic view both had rugged, angry faces like a sick dog or something.
The two had their heads tied to a large bunch of bastards. One was a little boy of five shaku and two inches. There was a thin pockmark on his face, but his eyes glowed thinly and his beard rose, and his nose bridge passed high, showing a fearless weather. The beard, which grows on his cheeks, makes the man's appearance lonely. One was a man with a good physique with thick black eyebrows, but his resentment is no different from the former.
The little man wore a yukata of cotton indigo stripes, Yukata, a sash of Kokura, a plain cotton haori coat, and a half-momohiki of a rat komon. .. The person with a good physique wore a raincoat, so I couldn't see his clothes.
The little boy was Yoshida ｜ Torajiro 《Torajiro》, and the other one was Comrade Kaneko ｜ Shigesuke 《Jusuke》.
From the 6th to the 13th of March, the two of them stayed in Hodogaya and broke their hearts day and night trying to get closer to the American ship anchored in Kanagawa.
At first, I tried to board the black ship in the middle of the night with a watermark on the captain, but in that case, the captain | Ren was all messed up. I tried to get closer to the black ship by boarding a ship loaded with wood-burning water, but I didn't have the opportunity to piggyback on it because Yoriki boarded every ship.
On the 8th day, when the Meriken people landed in Yokohama village, they rushed to the opportunity to hand over the draft book "Toisho", but they had already left the ship and Meriken. I just heard the dreadful rumors of the villagers who saw people.
On the 9th day, Shigesuke Kaneko was fortunate that the boat could row anyway, so he stole the fishing boat "Gyoshu" and tried to throw it into the black boat. However, when I decided where the boat was in the daytime and went to see it at night, it seemed that some people had left the boat, and there was no shadow, and a fierce rage was just biting the sand on the dark shore. When they were disappointed and stunned, a number of stray dogs gathered and barked loudly.
"I found it difficult to be a thief for the first time."
Torajiro, who was courageous, laughed, but when it started to rain soon and he returned to the inn in Hodogaya when he was full, the two lower belts were wet.
The eleventh and twelve days were spent at the inn in Hodogaya as "Monmon" in agony.
The sky was clear on the 13th, and the sea off Yokohama was like the spring sea. When I thought it was tonight, I could see the four hulls in the morning, the deck of the black ship suddenly fluttering, and the anchoring, and seven hulls like mountains pointed to Edo. I started running. When the coast guard officials thought it was refreshing, they suddenly turned off the coast of Haneda and started running toward the open sea, Sotoumi.
It was said that one of them went to their home country as it was, and the other six went to Shimoda.
Torajiro and Shigesuke cried with regret when they saw Kurofune start moving, but when they learned that they were heading to Shimoda, they immediately paid for the inn in Hodogaya and longed for it.
I stayed at Kamakura, Odawara, and Atami and left Atami on March 17th today.
When the two of them came to the beach just one ri to Ito, there were tangerine fields on both sides of the road, and there were flowers blooming in them, and the smell was fragrant. , I struck my nose. It was when they sat down on the shore in a tangerine field and tried to open a split basket. A child who seems to have been playing in a tangerine field screamed.
"Hey! The Sengoku ship will pass. Hey, it's still bigger than the Sengoku ship. And it's two."
Torajiro casually looked at the sea. When I saw it, a strange monster was rushing over the sea, which was a ri away from the coast, while raising black smoke. It was a black ship that I would never forget. Today, the triple sail is spread like the wings of a seabird, and it is still not enough, so by turning the fire rings on both sides, the slightly rippling ocean is like a giant whale. I was running.
"Look! That momentum"
Torajiro forgot his hostile heart and praised him.
"Human! I'll do it! I'll do it! I'm running through the sea of the empire" Mikuni "like that!"
Kaneko, a swordsman, shouted while squeezing his palate, as if to regret his wingless body.
"What, I'm going to go to Meriken and take away that technique. I'm going to get rid of him with the help of Ijin."
Torajiro shouted while eating a large rice ball made at Atami no Yu no Yado.

Two

The two arrived in Shimoda on the afternoon of the following 18th. The two fire wheels I saw on the way yesterday were moored near the harbor entrance. As soon as they took the inn, they met the officials guarding the harbor and implicitly listened to Kurofune.
According to the officials, these two are the starting lineup, and General Perry has not come yet. In addition, he didn't even have a Dutch-speaking idiom, not just Chinese, so he was having trouble even responding to the loading of wood and water. If there is no word, it is absolutely impossible to get on the submarine, show the circumstances, and piggyback on it. They had no choice but to wait for the warship on which Perry was aboard to enter the port.
It was the morning of the 20th. Torajiro noticed that the crotch and arm of his finger had pus on his swelling, which had been formed four or five days ago.
In the morning when he left the inn in Kamakura, he learned that there were many small wart-like lumps on his fingers, wrists, and elbows. When I stayed at the inn in Odawara that night, each of the small lumps gave me a mess, like a bug. He scratched this many times. The more I scratched, the more itchy.
After three or four days, the number increased, especially last night I couldn't sleep well because of itching, but when I saw this morning, it was full of white pus. However, there are many. Not only on the fingers, but also on the abdomen, around the waist, and on the thighs, although the number is small. There is no doubt that it is scabies.
When I thought about it, I remembered that the maid who served at the inn in Hodogaya frequently scratched her fingers. I thought she was contagious from that maid, but I couldn't do anything about it. He regretted having had such a illness, even if it was a trivial illness, before taking care of it. He wanted to get some treatment before he got on the Black Ships. He heard that the hot water in Rendaiji village, which is just a ri from Shimoda, is good for syphilis and scabies, so he moved to Rendaiji village that day. I took a bath.
On the afternoon of the following 21st, Perry's flagship "Kikan" and Powattan ship "Fune" entered the port with the other three ships.
From the 22nd to the 26th, Torajiro and Shigesuke planned to board the Kurofune day after night. On the morning of the 24th, the two chased the Ijin, who was walking in the suburbs of Shimoda, and handed him the pitcher, which he had previously acknowledged. They said that they would go to Shimoda to stay at the Yunoyado in Rendaiji Village, but they went out to the beach every night to see what the Kurofune was like. And when I got tired, I went to the beach as it was.
On the night of the 25th, I stole the boat that was connected to the river flowing through the village of Shimoda, and went out to the sea with the eyes of Kawaguchi's guard boat. However, the waves were rough that night, and with Shigesuke's immature arms, the boat only rotated around the same place, and he could not go offshore forever. Tired like cotton, I had no choice but to return to the beach in Kakizaki. They slept soundly at Benten-do on the beach without knowing the dawn.
During that time, Torajiro's scabies not only did not heal at all, but all of them became eerily white and pus. He thought he wouldn't mind as much as possible as a trivial matter before the matter, but he couldn't manage the sensory discomfort that sank all over his body.
On the evening of the 27th, when I went out to the beach of Kakizaki, I unexpectedly saw a Mississippi ship "Fune" anchored off the coast, not in two towns. Then, without separating the half town, the flagship Powattan ship is anchoring. As a result of surveying the harbor from a few days ago, I thought I would change the position of the berth. Torajiro and Jusuke made a leap and were happy. In addition, two fishing boats are tied up at Nagisa, just below Benten-do. Just not to say steal the boat.
The two immediately returned to Rendaiji Village and approved the dinner. I said that I would move to Shimoda's inn and prepared for the voyage. Torajiro has two pieces of clothing to change clothes, Takatsune Koorimoto "Kooribonkoukyo", Japanese orchid text translation key "Dutch Buntenzengoyakuken" 2 | Two ｜ Volumes 《Satsu》 and several abstracts 《Shorokusu Usatsu》 were made into small packages. That was his baggage going to America across the Senri sea.
When I went out to the shore under Benten-do at the 5th minute of the night, the waves were calm unexpectedly under the falling starry night. The six black ships lined up their black figures like small islands, holding blue berth lights on their names. The hearts of the two were excited. However, when I looked for the small boat I saw in the daytime, it was washed up high on the beach due to the ebb tide. The two tried hard to push. But it didn't move at all.
There was no choice but to wait for the tide to rise again. The two went into Benten-do and fell asleep. I woke up around eight times. In the starlight, I found that the tide was filling just below the temple.
The two courageously boarded the boat. However, when I took the paddle and tried to row it, I found that there was no essential navel. I was surprised and changed to another boat. But the boat was the same. I was in a hurry. However, in the case of 咄 嗟, the two took off the lower belt and tied the paddle to both sides. However, before the Hanjo and the row, the weak cotton was worn out due to the strong friction between the paddle and the side. They had no choice but to untie Kokura's belt and retie the paddle.
When I started rowing, the waves were rough, unlike when I stood on the shore. Perhaps the boat was capsized by the waves. In addition, Torajiro has never rowed a boat and just moves the paddle by force, so the two are out of tune, and Miyoshi, who is heading for the closest Mississippi ship, spins around. Then, the lights of the village of Shimoda "Tomoshibi" appeared in front of the boat, and the forest of the beach of Kakisaki appeared. The boat did not move forward and went around the same place.
When the two of them were able to take off their arms, they finally arrived at the side of the Mississippi ship "Fune". The two felt resuscitated.
"Meriken people! Meriken people!" Shigesuke shouted out loud while putting his foot on the side of the boat, "Funaberi".
A suspicious scream broke out on the ship, and when I thought that people were feeling angry, Gearman's lantern was hung from the side. Looking up, a few people from the ship are looking down. Torajiro takes out Yatate and puts it on a lantern with the light of a lantern. "The general [# 1]" I'm sorry to hear this "," he quickly acknowledged, and while holding the piece of paper, he climbed up the lantern. But unfortunately the ship had no words. When the old tiger received the piece of paper from Torajiro, he wrote a horizontal letter on another piece of paper, and while returning the two pieces of paper to Torajiro, he pointed to the Powattan ship "Fune" and imitated the ship. I told you to go to. The two of them soon understood the meaning, but it was extremely difficult for them to go further off the coast of the town with the small boat they got on. Torajiro pointed to Battera hanging on the ship and asked him to take him by hand, but he couldn't.
With exhausted bodies, the two rowed to the Powattan ship. The more I went offshore, the rougher the waves. Both Torajiro and Shigesuke had a number of blisters on their palms. But the boat didn't easily get what they wanted. I wanted to attach it to the inside, but it was attached to the outside where the waves toward the open ocean were rough. Moreover, it was sandwiched between the side and the side, and was struck by the violent waves, making a terrible noise and being struck on the side many times.
The sentinel standing on the ship probably heard the sound. A gangway with a long stick in his hand ran down the gangway with anger and tried to stick out the boat on which they were riding. I thought it would be unbearable to be pushed out, so Torajiro quickly jumped to the ramp. Shigesuke tried to hand over Tomozuna to Torajiro, who had moved to the ladder. However, the gangway mercilessly pushed out the boat, so Shigesuke hurriedly jumped to the gangway. And I let go of the small boat.
The boat was left with two people, big and small, and luggage. However, as long as I got on the flagship, I thought it would be a problem anyway, so I didn't mind the small boat flowing away. Of course, I couldn't afford to look back.
The human being who abducted them to the ship probably thought that they had come to see the ship. I showed them a compass. They shook their heads and asked for a brush and paper. Both Yatate and Kagami were left in the boat.
Soon, the Japanese word Williams came out, and the two were led to the cabin. Gearman's lamps lit up the room like noon.
In addition to the word of mouth, two Dongyi people were present in the room. One was Deputy Captain Gevis and the other was surgeon Watson. He was an oriental expert in understanding Dutch.
Torajiro wrote in Chinese his desire to go to Meriken with his first goose brush. Williams said in fast-spoken Japanese, what country it was.
When Torajiro replied that it was in Japanese, Williams laughed and said that it was a sorghum character. Williams's clear Japanese language and his knowledge of Japan made Torajiro and his friends happy. For the first time, they felt as if they were able to find the hand of their benevolent mother, and began to express their fiery hope in their hearts.

Three

Soon, a meeting was held in the cabin of the Admiral of the Powattan ship "Fune" to see if the wishes of the two Japanese youths could be met.
Admiral Perry and his staff, Captain and Deputy Captain Gevis of the Powattan Ship, Surgeon Watson, and Williams, the idiom, joined it.
It was past 11 o'clock, but everyone was excited because the incident was abnormal. In particular, Deputy Captain Gevis was more excited than anyone else because he saw the two Japanese youths and was moved by their enthusiasm.
"Then, is it safer for us to reject these young people's requests?"
When the tendency of the meeting turned to rejection, Gebis was enthusiastic.
"I think it's not good for us to have a stake with the Japanese government for such a trivial matter."
The captain had insisted on refusal from a while ago. Gevis suddenly stood up in his seat, trying to catch the captain's words.
"But I don't know how right and good it is to accept the letters of those young people, even with a little trouble with the Japanese government. I don't think so. I read the translation of the letter that the young men gave to one of our officers the other day, and how impressed they were with their wise, lofty, noble personality. I don't know. Their ardent spirit, Soul, struck me. I didn't know that there was such a fine soul in the hearts of the colored races. Besides, the translation You can see how clear the original text is and how well the reasoning is. The clarity of the brain was a wonder for me. Just taking me to my culture and getting in touch with my culture is a joy to my heart. I long for the Admiral to listen to this young man's request. "
Gebis, who had just passed thirty, shined his young eyes and shouted while tapping the table.
"You're too excited. You have to see more reality." Nearly fifty captains, with beards, said to calm the youth. .. "You must not interpret things on the surface alone. Theirs are good. Enough to get our sympathy, but they may be moving with sneaky motives other than theirs. We need to think about it for the time being. Through short-day negotiations with the Japanese, we found out how sympathetic they were, and how wicked they were. It turned out to be almost sympathetic. I have raised this suspicion since I saw the letter the other day. I wondered if the two young men were in the middle of the Japanese government. I don't think Japanese youths who write such fine sentences are not being used heavily by the Japanese government. They must be officials of the Japanese government. I came. Japanese law prohibits Japanese people from traveling abroad. When we were anchored in Yokohama, we heard from the head of Hayashi University. Therefore, we should not comply with this law and assist the Japanese in traveling abroad. I think the two young men test whether they are loyal to the Japanese government. If we allow their aspirations, there will be an immediate protest from the Japanese government, and we will be unfaithful to the Japanese government, as if we were in peace. The trade permit we obtained may not be revoked. "
"No, you are too suspicious." Deputy Captain Gevis did not succumb as a resolute "Kizen." "You are told that because you don't see those young men. His eyes are burning like blood, eager to gain foreign knowledge. , By no means the eyes of a spy. Their clothing is wet and their fingers are blistering with countless blisters. What sacrifice they made as they approached the ship in secret. If they were spies of the Japanese government, they must have come to us more easily. Moreover, when they transfer to the ship, they are more than life to them. Are throwing away important big and small. They are even trying to pay their lives to travel abroad ... "
"But Gebis!" Perry, the usual navarch admiral, opened a heavy mouth. "I am no different from you in the desire to fulfill those youths' hopes, but I have signed a treaty between the United States and the Japanese nation in Yokohama. I can't, in my own way, defeat the Japanese who try to disobey Japanese law, but I want the young Japanese who are thirsty for knowledge to be free. The day to come to our country is coming soon, and I think that refusing to protect these two young men now is because it hastened the approach of such a future. "
Gebis tilted his head a little, but shouted again soon.
"His Excellency, your words make me confess, but think about the body of this beloved young man who is about to travel to our country with fair curiosity. We reject them. Doing means driving them to the decapitation platform. We drive them to land and they are immediately arrested by government officials. And Japan's strict laws will slash their necks from their bodies. What we, the United States, are curious about and long for our homeland, is ours. Isn't it a shame for the United States to climb over the decapitation by hand? The reason our president sent us to Japan is not to conclude a formal treaty. Isn't it to mentally call the pretty people who are sleeping empty in the midst of it? However, this beloved pioneer who first answered our summon "Call", the tactile sense of the whole people. Isn't it a rebellion against our true mission to listen to the plea of a young man named Satoshi Wisdom? Two young men, Japanese government officials. It is very easy to hide from the eyes of the Japanese government and send it to the home country without damaging the feelings of the Japanese government. I have been the spirit of the Admiral since the founding of our country. In the name of justice and humanity, he longs to listen to this young man's aspirations. "
Gebis's heat valve moved everyone. Even the captain, who had never bent his theory, was silent for a while.
The admiral's face also had a remarkable emotional color. It was certain that his heart moved for the benefit of the two Japanese youths. He looked around the troupe, raising his slightly bluish face.
"Do you have any other opinions? Williams! Watson?"
At that time, Watson suddenly remembered a myriad of infectious tumors on his fingers when one of the young Japanese men was recognizing the letters with the light of a lamp.
"From a ship doctor's point of view, I would like to say just one word. One of his youths is unfortunately blamed by Scabies impetiginosum. It is a rare skin disease in our country. In particular, it is a threat to the hygiene of the ship. I would like to say one word as the person responsible for the hygiene of the ship. Of course, I have endless sympathy for this young man. "
The eloquence based on Gebis's justice and humanitarianism also became a stumbling block before this actual problem.
The admiral's complexion moved again. He got a good excuse to dispel the loneliness of his heart to reject the youth's plea. After quite a long pondering, the Admiral said.
"Gebis, I will never lose to you in my sympathy for this young man, but I have more to consider than suspicious humanitarianism, and moreover than the aspirations of those young men. However, I think that you all agree on the importance of hygiene on board. Then Williams! Please calm the young men and return them to land. Gebisu. ! You ordered the boat to be prepared to send the young men back. "
And the command was executed immediately.
Surgeon Watson saw two Japanese youths being dropped from the ramp. With tears in their eyes, they appealed to the American spirit, but when they found it unacceptable, they tried a gentle, slight resistance and then submitted to their unfortunate fate. did. Seeing their humble and unscrupulous attitude, Watson couldn't sleep all night in the cabin sleeper that night.

Four

Watson landed on the beach with another officer on the morning of the third day after the unfortunate incident about the Japanese youth.
It was a sunny day. After taking a walk along the beach, they went to the back of the city. The child was noisy, so I tried to drive him away, but he was relentless.
They suddenly came to the front of a building that seems to be a camp. A Japanese soldier-like man was guarding the gate with something like a spear.
Looking at it, many men and women gathered on the wooden fence "Mokusaku" that surrounds the camp. When Watson went, they avoided fearing this Gentile. Watson looked into the camp while leaning against the wooden fence. There was a cage that puts a beast in a place not far from the wooden fence. Watson stared at something in the cage that seemed to be moving. Then, two pale human faces appeared between the grids and smiled at him. Watson felt a terrifying horror flowing through his body. He recognized the human face. Undoubtedly, they were the unfortunate Japanese youths who visited their ship last night. The cage was too narrow to accommodate two humans. The two sat cramped, kneeling together.
The lovely appearance of the two darkened Watson's heart. He instinctively in English
"Oh pretty people, how did you get caught?" Yelled out, but of course it couldn't be understood.
However, when I saw Watson screaming, the two young men seemed to know that Watson had admitted them, and they were quite happy. And one-a young man suffering from Scabies puts his palm at a right angle to his neck, showing that his neck will soon be amputated, and at the same time, he is stunned. I laughed. A selfish attitude that surpassed the Roman Kato overwhelmed Watson. Watson felt his hand holding the wooden fence quivering slightly because of a certain awe. He felt like he had to do anything to save the lives of the two Japanese youths.
At first glance, the laughing young man showed the meaning of giving me a brush while imitating writing with his hands. Watson searched his pocket for a pencil. However, there was no piece of paper in my body. Then, a Japanese boy picked up a thin piece of wood from somewhere. However, when I was thinking about how to put it in a cage that was even a short distance away, the old man's prison guard took it and handed it to me.
When the young man received the pencil, he mysteriously glanced at it and then, without any hesitation, began to write fluently on a piece of wood. Fifteen minutes later, a piece of wood, filled with letters, was returned to Watson's hand.
Watson returned to the ship, worshiping the young men and praying for the blessings of these unhappy young men in their hearts. Then, the piece of wood was shown to the Cantonese "Cantonese" Ramori "Rashin", which is a Latin word.
Ramori translated as follows.

[# Indent from here]
Hero Ichi ｜ Degree 《Tabi》 If you fail in what you want, that act will be seen by the act of a bandit 《Kanzoku》 robbery 《Gantt》. We are captured and tied up in the public circle, and imprisoned in the darkness. The village elder treats us with contempt and abuses us.
Since the freedom to traverse the sixty-odd states is incapable of satisfying our aspirations, we hope that we will go around the five continents, and this is our inn. Volunteer. Our multi-year plan failed in the morning. But now we are imprisoned in the Aiokuya, and eating, drinking, resting, and sleeping are all difficult. We cannot escape from this prison. Cry or like a fool. Lol, like a villain. Calling "Oh", we are silent and only "Ya".
[# End of indentation here]

Admiral Perry and all the people who attended the meeting last night read this translation. And I couldn't help but be deeply moved.
"What a heroic and philosophical peace of mind" Anjin Ritsumei "!"
The Admiral muttered with a deep sigh.
Suddenly, the voice of Kyoki surprised the troupe. It was the young deputy captain Gevis.
The Admiral went by Gebis and tapped his shoulder.
"Yes. Your feelings were the most correct. You should land soon. And I can use all the power I have to save the lives of these unfortunate youths. I'll leave it to you
When Gebis heard it, he courageously went out.
Watson returned to his cabin without enduring the pain of his heart. But I couldn't stay still there. He couldn't help wondering if the word he claimed as his surgeon was justified. In his mind it has been suspected that Scabies is a terrifying infectious disease that must sacrifice the aspirations of this noble and pretty young man. He wanted to calm his turbulent conscience, knowing what dermatologist Taito was saying about it. He walked toward the ship's library, in a hurry.



Bottom book: "Kan Kikuchi Shorts and Dramas" Bungei Shunju
March 25, 1988 (Showa 63), first print issued
Input: Yoshiaki Masaki
Proofreading: Susumu Ohno
Published February 8, 2000
Revised February 16, 2004
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
