If decocted
Yuu Kiryu

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) [# Raise one character from the ground] (August 1945)
-------------------------------------------------- -----

If decocted, it is a conflict between ideal and reality. Despite my staring at the ideal and gradually advancing it, it is enough if they are obsessed with reality and can only overcome the challenges they face. It is.
Therefore, if it is decocted, it is also a conflict between the future and the present. Whereas I am onesman's amendment to make evolutionary fittests adapt to future situations, Darwin's orthodox evolutionary theory makes them fitfits to the present situation. Therefore, despite the fact that we value the improvement of the future and sacrifice the present interests for the well-being of the future, they have a temporary benefit in the present. If so, I will not give up my future happiness.
Therefore, if it is decocted, it is also a conflict between the new system and the old system. Although they themselves are the people of the new system, they are merciful, they do not know that they will be one step ahead of the present, and in the worst case, they are trapped in the traditions of the past and foresee the future. I can't. Keeping up with the trends, with that as the new system, they do not know that the true new system will be an attitude to adapt to the future, at least the large number of people in the coming world, He is a person of the new system by himself. They are trying to retreat and I am trying to move forward. They are conservative and I am enterprising.
Therefore, they are nationalists and ethnic oppositionists, and they are not able to understand me as a cosmopolitan, and they are faithful to fulfilling their obligations as a member of a nation or a nation. In a super-national and super-ethnic manner, they are trying to destroy what they call "Hakko Ichiu".
As human beings, they know this more conscientiously. However, such a supranational and supranational era, in which sophistry is tossed, must probably be reached forever. Or not. However, that is why I proceed with this ideal instead. It is not impossible to push them into this territory by teaching them if they can teach them, if they can teach them like animals. If you can trace how the primitive man became a civilized person today through education and experience, he will be half-hearted.
So, in a nutshell, the clash of opinions between them and us is a clash between pessimism and optimism. They are animals that cannot be taught by humans, and I am animals that should be taught by this, and they are inevitable in the current state of the gloomy world. Contrary to the slyness, I am hoping for a bright future for the world, and I am trying to lead this to this state while making human beings realize the folly.
However, no matter what, they have the power of the state and are approaching me. And they don't tell me specifically. I'm not the only one. Don't tell us anything. The consequences should be inferred, and while each individual now lives under "totalitarianism," which is no longer spoken of by the fashion, passive individualism rather than positive individualism. It has fallen into and is about to lose its future light. [# Raise one character from the ground] (August 1945)



Bottom book: "Earth of Livestock Road" Chuko Bunko, Chuokoron-sha
Issued on October 10, 1989 (Heisei 1)
Parent of the original: "Earth of Livestock Road" Sankeisha
July 1952 (Showa 27)
Input: Hiroshi Kadota
Calibration: Juki
Created May 12, 2005
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
