Women's hopes for elections
Akiko Yosano

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Different, different

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) One layer |

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) [# Raise one letter from the ground] ("Osaka Mainichi Shimbun" February 27th-March 4th, 1917)
-------------------------------------------------- -----

I would like to give some impressions about politics. We women are individuals who have the same rights as boys in the constitution, but in contradiction to the constitution in the law made exclusively by boys, unreasonably, they are just women. Just because of that, we are limiting the various rights we need to survive. Unlike women who were content with requestism and obedience as before, today's women who believe in the dignity of their own desires as individuals and the infinity of their abilities gradually The eccentricity of rights between men and women is a source of pain.
We do not even have the right to vote or eligibility for municipal council members. We even know how the direct and indirect taxes we pay for public life are being used to improve the well-being of the lives of all Japanese by allocating the consequences of our efforts. It goes without saying that it is not possible to participate in a public institution that discusses with a man how to operate it, let alone. As with minor boys, it is forbidden to even hold political speeches and rallies. This is the reason why the theory of women's rights in the world is advocated as meaning the restoration of the rights of women who have been completely lost, rather than submitting a novel request. However, in the current situation in Japan where even girls themselves cannot establish a universal suffrage system, it would not be a moderate act for women to demand the right to suffrage as early as the claims of Western women's rights theorists. Besides, our women are not yet accustomed to the group movement even on non-political issues. The movement to restore women's rights requires that it be a group movement. Considering the current knowledge and courage of Japanese women, I think it is not the time for the group movement to be established for a while.
In that case, we should keep quiet about politics, but fortunately, we women are allowed to have that freedom only in written political speech. Because of this, we are politically reluctant to fall into the ranks of slaves. We must take advantage of this barely open window to state our women's hopes for politics and other living institutions from here. From this awareness, I will write this impression as well.
The 38th Congress was dissolved as expected. We, the women, who stand outside the political dispute between bureaucrats and party members, look back on the pros and cons of the no confidence vote in the Cabinet submitted by the House of Representatives and whether or not it is illegal to disband the Cabinet in response to it. I can't have much need or deep interest in such things. Rather, taking this dissolution as an opportunity, bureaucrats, party members, and the entire nation will take all the political relations of the past, return to the fundamental spirit of representative politics of the constitutional nation, and think about the current state of the world and the nation. I would like you to make efforts to make the lives of all Japanese people more rational and happier.
However, when I saw the speeches made by Prime Minister Terauchi and Interior Minister Goto at the local government meeting, they betrayed our hopes and became even more stubborn on the ugly political disputes that had been held so far. The intention to repeat the political dispute of "Mei" is clearly visible. It's a rude statement, but even though boys have been wise and self-employed since ancient times, once they have mourned the people, why do they stick to such low-ranking savage blind feelings and be ashamed? Don't you feel? Even in the current war, it was unlikely that it would happen among the advanced civilized nations of Europe by common sense, but it continued for several years with a new type of violent weapon that abused science. The fact that people are killing each other and the time for peace restoration is not yet predicted is that the boy's desire to monopolize power and take the position of ruler is the first motive. There is. Blind emotions are said to be owned by women, but women's emotional delusions only hurt themselves and a few surroundings, but boys kill millions of humankind. It consumes tens of billions of financial resources and destroys thousands of years of civilization in one morning. Even the smallest of the harms are directly related to the interests of one country. I can assure you that there are no examples of women's blind feelings adding such a great scourge to human life in the history of the world. At first glance, the speeches by Mr. Terauchi and Mr. Gotoji are sneaky and lacking in depth, not to mention the speeches by Lloyd Joji and Wilson. There must always be a place in modern political theory that is based on modern free thought. Mr. Ni's "good politics of Heikojihei" is nothing more than a Chinese expletive with no concrete political opinion, so it is not yet in the realm of political theory. think. Strictly speaking, the so-called politicians in Japan, both in the morning and in the field, are only emotional theories, and it is extremely rare if they have a clear political view based on solid theory and experimentation. I feel sorry for the two of them, but while bringing out the oldest humanity theory in humanity theory-the contentless theory of the public possession of the sword-even that is advocated like a fine political view. Then, I think it was too much to ridicule the people.
From the free position of us women, the purpose of the struggle for the administration is exactly the same for bureaucrats, Seiyukai, and Kenseikai. Even the Kuomintang, from a place where it is difficult to approach the administration with the weak power of the minority party, follows the wisdom command of the leader of the party and uses only strange soldiers to half the desperation to attract the eyes of the people. In an attempt to do so, the submission of a motion of no confidence is nothing less than the success of the strange soldier, but the Kuomintang cannot be seen as cold-hearted in the struggle for power because of the adversity for a long time. It is. In this sense, there is no politician in our country who has been a true ally of the people to this day. The true ally of the people is the babies, and the rest of the people is the only thing that can be done by successive emperors. The fact that our emperor is no better than a despot is an unquestionable fact that we are philanthropic and equal in the light of the sun. Evidence that a politician, a politician, is a bureaucrat who insults the nation, shows that all the modifications of the ancient political world are all other than the replacement of the politicians of the A and the bureaucrats of the B. There is no point in the history that Mr. Fujiwara's politics was transferred to Mr. Taira, Mr. Taira was robbed by Genji, and Hojo, Ashikaga, Oda, Toyotomi, and Tokugawa gradually robbed and monopolized it. It is obvious because there is. Even if there was a politician who came out of the politics like Mr. Toyotomi by chance, only one new bureaucratic politician was bred, and the people's right to politics was regained from the bureaucracy and distributed to the people. Not.
Representative politics is a government in which all the people enact laws for the purpose of the happy development of their own lives and exercise the authority to operate and supervise all politics. However, bureaucrats and political parties are still standing on top of the people today, where representative politics is adopted, and they are confronting each other with the relationship between Mr. Taira and Mr. Genji, and Mr. Nitta and Mr. Ashikaga. They use the interests of the people and the fate of the nation as excuses, but in fact they have the main purpose of struggling for the administration. Speaking straightforwardly, all political parties are variants of bureaucrats, with bureaucrats swearing at the bureaucrats and bureaucrats swearing at the bureaucrats. It's the same as swearing at you, and you should laugh. I'm Terauchi, who talks about the theory of the public possession of Qin, and Mr. Goto sweared only at the Kenseikai as a political party, and the Seiyukai was a eccentric party as if it was a sincere party. Let's call it "Sata". First of all, the order in which the Terauchi Cabinet itself must prove in political terms that it is a group of open politicians who transcend political disputes, but why does Mr. Ni's speech fall short of that? Is it?
The heart of a politician who transcends political disputes is the passionate feelings of the true ally of the people, as Roman Looran transcends from this war and strives to promote philanthropic justice for the sake of world humanity. However, Terauchi and Gotoji's speech is overwhelmed with the fighting spirit and murder that oppresses political opponents, and as a ally of the people, any indication is accepted. I can't. I think it's superficial in lacking political views, tyrannical in not keeping the will of the people in the eye, and savage in cursing political opponents and swearing at the cunning party. Then, in the opposite of Hata Kochihei, become a powerful player in the political dispute and provoke the hostility of the opposition party. I think there is a danger of fostering an increasingly insidious, ugly, and brutal private struggle in politics.
Also, my disappointment is that the speeches of the party members who oppose the Terauchi Cabinet are emotionally inclined without being based on reason, and only the members of the Terauchi Cabinet are unconstitutional and bureaucratic. If you dare to make such an unfair and incomplete argument and take power in the morning, the constitutional society itself will be obscured that it is the same hole in being a bureaucracy, and Terauchi , While exchanging with more ill-treatment than the ill-treatment received from Mr. Goto, he is making a terrifying falsehood in front of the people. I'm surprised that the violence of their party's tone hasn't made any progress compared to the proboscis of killing Kogai in the era of the constitutional advocacy movement of yesteryear. In particular, the fact that the Kenseikai's "Bendesho" for Mr. Terauchi's speech reveals a bureaucratic odor no less than that of Mr. Terauchi and others is, to be honest, too far from the demands of the people. I can't help but be merciful. "I don't necessarily insist that I have to be a member of the cabinet if I'm not a member of a political party," he said. "Without a resolution that the cabinet must be organized with representatives of the majority parties in the House of Representatives. "No statement, no claim," he said, "I have no choice but to disregard the power of the House of Representatives in the cabinet organization." When I hear it today, thirty years after the Constitution was promulgated, as the speech of a large political party on my side, I have no choice but to be amazed at the reversal of the times and the retreat of democratic thought. I think this is also a tremendous amount of taunting the people.
I dare to ask all Japanese through this small window. Isn't it time for us to realize that we should live with true individual rights? It means that we have neglected to leave the political rights necessary for our survival to the bureaucrats and the established political parties that are variants of the bureaucrats for a long time, and to exercise them freely. Now is the time we don't notice?
We may not have been cold to politics to this day. However, I think it cannot be denied that there was a great lack of sympathy with our politics for the significance and necessity of representative politics. If politics is one of the important institutions in the lives of the Japanese as a whole, and its tension and relaxation immediately affect the rest of the lives of individuals, which is a component of the people. There is, representative politics is politics in which representatives selected from the free will of the individual operate and supervise politics in order to regulate the rest of the individual, so the good and bad of politics avoids direct responsibility as one in the Japanese. If you thoroughly knew that it was something you couldn't do, you wouldn't use your voting rights poorly as an electorate like you used to, and as a representative the politics of a nation. Must not have been used as a source of power and welfare for some classes of bureaucrats or political parties.
Under the representative government, it is said that national affairs are a part of your household chores, and national affairs are one aspect of your household affairs. The relationship between the electorate and the deputy must then be the relationship between the leaves and flowers in the plant. People who have not come to know the significance of deputy politics as thoroughly as before can simply elect at the request of candidates, and why they elect as electors, as deputies. I don't know what to represent, and it doesn't matter what the politics of the deputy is, rather than the politics of the deputy, and the deputy is responsible for what he says and does as long as he is elected. When the election is over, the deputy and the electorate will not be liable to the chicks of the house duck Ahiru, who have been hatched by the squirrels, so that they will not go back into the water. 》 By the way, the deputy is divided into the power class, and the electorate is divided into the submissive class, creating a distance of a thousand miles, and it is customary that the political relationship loses the intimacy between the leaves and flowers that came out of exactly the same roots. It was.
I am fully aware that the entire nation should respect the right to vote in this general election, and I will take this opportunity to open the era of the so-called sacred election, which is not afraid of being a constitutional elector. I am looking forward to it. It is said that in the olden days of Europe, there was a saying that "there is a frustrating government on the stupid people." In Japan, there are not only tyrannical governments but also political parties that are shameless. I believe that the Japanese have reached a point where they can no longer be ridiculed by the minority of their clan and party.
I ask again here. What personality should the people elect on April 20th as their own representative?
I am one of the Japanese people, and from the standpoint of being one of the Japanese women, I would like to see candidates with the following personalities as representatives of the people. I do not argue that the candidate is a bureaucratic person in the past, a political party person, or a new neutral person other than the two, but with as much knowledge and experience as possible. I hope that candidates from all classes will stand in order to collect the goodwill they have and raise the substance of the House of Representatives, and at the same time to raise the substance of the political parties in Japan. In the past, elections were too biased toward the agricultural class, the business class, and the lawyer class, but it is somewhat unnatural that many doctor candidates have already appeared in this election. I think it's a bad phenomenon. We must also create a climate that welcomes candidates from the scholarly class, the educator class, the working class, the writer class, and so on.
I hope that you will place the criteria for candidate selection first, politically, and secondly, Tokusou. Even if you do not have a solid political view, and even if you have a political view, if you are not a person with a strong ethical idea who tries to carry out that political view as responsibly as possible, you cannot trust us as a representative of our people.
The political view is based on keen intuition and precise reason, and is based on the knowledge, economic, and ethical status of the people in the future, and is based solely on the interests of the Japanese people. It must be full of rational and concrete opinions to sort out and adjust, and it must be an opinion that satisfies the will of the electorate himself. Candidates who do not seek the confidence of the people with political views need to be thoroughly aware that they are not qualified to represent the people. Being a nominee and a wealthy person, or being a former minister, former deputy, former governor, or reserve officer is not a prerequisite for qualification as a deputy. Above all, whether the candidate's political view has a background of thought and knowledge, and to what extent it is practical in light of the current situation in the world and Japan, that political view is not a favorable temporary promise of the economy. However, I think it is important to trade whether the statement is responsible for execution.
Candidates so far have often pretended to flirt with or deceive the electorate and take the direct benefit of laying a railroad or moving the county office for that region. However, the public should not be influenced by the conscience of the vote due to those exchange issues. Members of the House of Representatives are representatives of the people to discuss Japan's national policy, and should not be urged to address local interests like members of the prefectural assembly. Those who rely on such excuses to elect are insulting their sacred right to vote.
The political views of many candidates need to be criticized in the minds of the electorate. It was a traditional stupid habit to blindly obey the candidate's opinion. In order to make future politics a wise constitutional politics, it is rational for the electorate to criticize the candidate's opinion from the standpoint of intelligent individualism without giving in to the opinions and solicitations of others. Only after discovering that he has fallen into the wrong hands and resonates with his demands, he must delegate his representative priesthood to the candidate. That is why the deputy's remarks in the House of Representatives are a true representative of the people's will, and I think that the law enacted by the House of Representatives and the annual budget that we sponsored are not regrettable at the responsibility of the people themselves.
Respecting the speech of the election world must respect the freedom of speech and the value of speech. All candidates have announced outstanding political views in the sense that I hope that the power of yellow and white will be completely expelled in this general election and that the power of political views due to speech will impress the conscience of the electorate. Every electorate is willing to listen to the candidate's political views and create a habit of first criticizing the value of the political views that the speech displays, without being mistaken for verbal speech. I want it.
Therefore, what I especially want from the standpoint of a woman is that there is nothing that should be criticized for the practice of gender morality in the conditions of the candidate's virtue. The untrained person of private practice regarding women is a boy who has already lacked self-esteem and ethical control over his personal life and is mistaken for the first step in a cooperative life. I once said, "Physical liberation is a symbol of spiritual liberation. For those who love the genuineness, pureness, and Junichi of their souls and reasonably affirm their desire to persevere, that It's natural that I can't stand the physical liberation that pollutes my soul. According to Lips, those who cannot improve from their closest point are said to be ethically weak. In this sense, those who actually have a point to blame for gender morality should be excluded from the priesthood of the deputy who participates in the politics of one country and discusses the improvement of the lives of all Japanese. I will think about it. I pray that the ethical ideas of the electoral world will be tense by the time we reflect on these conditions at least. (April 1917)
[# Raise one letter from the ground] ("Osaka Mainichi Shimbun" February 27, 1917-March 4)


Bottom book: "Akiko Yosano Review" Iwanami Bunko, Iwanami Shoten
First edition issued on August 16, 1985 (Showa 60)
Issued 10 prints on June 6, 1994
Parent of the original: "Love, Reason and Courage" Aranda Shobo
First edition issued in October 1917 (Taisho 6)
First appearance: "Osaka Mainichi Shimbun"
February 27-March 4, 1917 (Taisho 6)
Input: Nana ohbe
Proofreading: Hiroshi Kadota
Created May 14, 2002
Revised September 15, 2012
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
