About "Study of frost columns"
Ukichiro Nakaya

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Jiyuu Gakuen

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Academic | Series << Sosho >>

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) Kotsu [# Emphasis mark on "Kotsu"]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

My friend M, who was in the same window, gave me the first free school "Jiyuu Gakuen" Academic | Series "Sosho", so I read it immediately. This booklet contains research on frost columns and research on heat retention of cloth, and the researcher was named the Natural Science Group, but looking at the contents, five or six school girls "Ojo" It turned out that it was a joint research by Mr.
As I read the first study of the frost column casually four or five | page << page >>, I felt that this might be difficult, so be careful slowly. I read ahead and went on. That's because the researchers were a little different from the specialized physics treatises we normally read every day. So to speak, it was an amateur's research, and what I was surprised at was that the amateur's research did not make any sense with pure interest and intuitive reasoning. It was a step-by-step process. I have always said that the method of researching physics is different from the known knowledge of physics, and the knowledge of physics that has been accumulated in many books and treatises. Even if I didn't know that very well, I had the feeling that if I did, I would be able to do good physical research. However, when I read this study of the frost columns, I was convinced that this was the best example. In that sense, I was convinced after reading that this was a valuable document that should be widely introduced to the world.
At first, I asked whether the water in the frost column came from the water vapor in the air or the water in the soil freezes and stretches out, and if I put a mark in the middle of the development of the frost column, the mark will grow up. It is also a little interesting to confirm that the water in the soil freezes and spreads out. Of course, this is already known, but it is interesting to proceed with the experiment quickly without worrying about such a thing. Next, the question of how deep the water from the surface of the soil becomes a frost column is easily solved by burying tin cans of various depths and setting the frost column in it. This is a good way to ask questions and a good way to experiment. Next, I investigated the relationship between the growth rate of the frost columns and the water content in the soil, but to my surprise, there is a description that the experiment was conducted in Hakone, Sengokuhara, and Sengokuhara. The temperature is probably around 10 degrees below zero, but when I see that the temperature is measured every hour in the cold, the courage of the daughters involved in this research is great. I admired it. It may be a measurement that many youngest people gathered and unexpectedly everyone was amused and innocently pleased, but its innocent and pure interest is precious, and it is necessary to do good scientific research. Such feelings are the most important. It's a big mistake if someone thinks that good research can only be done if they have a biting, crushed, or strangely serious look on their face.
Next, there is a consideration of what is the optimum state for the growth of the frost column. And we are proceeding with the experiment with the idea that it is necessary that there is a lot of water in the soil, that the temperature is low, and that the temperature in the ground is as high as possible. This experiment wasn't enough, but it was interesting to me that I could see the free feelings of these people, even though I wasn't too obsessed with it. Then, I moved on to the description of various shaped frost columns. In this, I mixed a small amount of sesame oil "sesame oil" well with moist soil, lightly packed it in a can, and the next morning It was very interesting to mention that a strange mold-shaped frost column stood. I think this will have interesting results if we continue to put more effort into it. If anyone can continue this research in the future, I would like to recommend that this phenomenon be investigated in detail. This may be one of the clues to a significant discovery.
It goes without saying that if you encounter an unexpected and mysterious phenomenon, it is one of the tricks to enrich the content of your research [# "emphasis mark"]. However, it is something that you should be familiar with. In order to encounter such a strange phenomenon in many Narutake, if you have any idea, as these researchers did, you should "look at it for a moment" without having to worry about it. It's important. An idea is something that you will never forget once you put your hand in it, but if you leave it as it is, you will forget it more and more.
The above is the first phase of research on the frost column, but I think that this alone is well worth the presentation. However, this research has made great progress in its second phase.
The research has turned to the direction of creating artificial frost columns in the laboratory, but since the frost columns are often observed even in the first phase of work, this is truly a path of research. It's the way it was done. The best way to study all such natural phenomena is to artificially create them if possible, and once you succeed in creating them in the laboratory, there are various conditions afterwards. If you change the above and look at the effect, you can easily understand the matter without overdoing it. An engineer is studying the phenomenon of corrosion of water iron pipes, but according to his story, it was a great deal of trouble until it caused corrosion in the laboratory, but it succeeded. After that, I heard that the research was carried out smoothly. In general, phenomena that are ubiquitous in nature are usually strangely difficult to create in a laboratory. Therefore, it seems that it is not easy to make a frost column artificially. However, these researchers make it as if it were nothing.
When I put the soil in the bottom of the wooden box and put the box with the dry ice on it, the frost pillars stood out splendidly. I was a little surprised because it was so smart. However, this device is still a little different from the natural case, so it can be said that it is insufficient, but this device is also sufficient to study the nature of the frost column to some extent, and this research They are doing the most important things one after another within the limits of what this device can do. This little strange point seemed very interesting to me again.
First of all, in order to see if the frost column can only stand on the soil, or if it can be done by adding water to other suitable powders, crush the red husk powder, starches, and glass. 》 Experiments have been conducted using starch and the like. He admits that these powders other than soil do not form frost columns and the entire powder freezes. Next, I confirmed that sand and clay cannot form frost columns, but only red soil in the Kanto plain, and finally the last and most serious problem of this research, red soil. I am working on the question of why "why" frost columns are formed. It is truly imposing.
As a characteristic of red clay, the problem of adsorbed water of the particles is taken up, but it is confirmed that it is not the only reason that frost columns cannot be formed even with strong adsorptive substances such as adsorbin, and then it is contained in red clay. He questioned that it might be due to the organic matter being used, and concluded that it was not. In that experiment, red soil was burned at a high temperature of 800 degrees Celsius for three hours to burn off organic matter, and the rest was crushed and crushed to form frost columns. .. In the end, the problem was attributed to the nature of the red soil itself, but in order to proceed with further research, we must go into the physical properties of the soil.
Soil physics may seem like nothing, but in reality this is a complicated colloidal problem, and even a physics expert thinks it should be done. However, the researchers seemed calm and entered the problem, starting with the analysis of soil particles. Then, the red clay was dispersed with an electrolyte, and very fine particles and coarse particles were taken out separately by the subsidence method, and frost columns were made for each of them. .. Then, we came to the conclusion that frost columns cannot be formed with coarse particles, and that fine particles may or may not be able to form frost columns. Anyway, we came to the important conclusion that the essential condition for the formation of frost columns is the presence of fine particles.
The next case that can be done is that there is a small | unevenness on the surface of the soil, and it is confirmed that it starts to freeze from the pointed point in it. There was also an interesting experiment, in which I put a glass of water in a cup, placed a filter paper so that it was immersed in it, and sprinkled a small amount of red soil on the wet filter paper. If you put it on, it is confirmed that a frost column can be formed from the soil, and it is concluded that the formation of the frost column depends on the nature of the surface of the soil. These are also extremely vivid experiments. This is the reason for the experiment that was made as a result of capturing the accidental phenomenon that frost columns grew from a very small amount of red soil spilled on the sand and making good use of its importance. I think it is a method that is very devoted to research methods. Therefore, for sand, glass powder, etc. that could not be made before, the grains are made very fine by rubbing with a mortar and making appropriate irregularities on the surface to make a fine frost column. is there. This completes the study, but the study ends with a further consideration of why the red clay is optimal for the natural frost columns.
Finally, I thought that the frost pillars are unique to Japan, but I am investigating that there are a few places that can be done in foreign countries. I couldn't do it with Germany, so I ordered the soil from Berlin, but when I looked at it from the theory so far, I mashed it and found that the frost pillars were fluffy. That's why I stood up. This is the reason why "the frost pillars that I have never seen since the birth of the people of Hakurin" were made in the soil of Hakubayashi.
As I introduced above, I was very surprised to read this research. It was thought that the teacher who taught this work was very great in the first place. Then there was a good example in our country that young girls, who do not seem to have much knowledge of "physics", can do excellent "physics" research in some cases. I felt happy about that. Being able to do this kind of research means, first and foremost, having pure interest. The second is to have the zeal to stay up all night in Sengokuhara in February, when it is extremely cold. The third is to have the diligence of the mind to try and see what you have come up with without having to worry about it. The fourth is to catch the phenomenon that you encounter by chance and not to overlook it, that is, to always open your eyes and conduct experiments. Fifth, don't be scared when you start working in a new area. Start as calm as when these researchers began to analyze the soil. Too much knowledge and calculations are the most disturbing to that. Sixth, don't be afraid, this doesn't seem to be anything, and it's actually quite difficult. And, in addition to those various ideas mentioned above, it is necessary to use some intuitive reasoning throughout the research.
Professor Terada's book says that "you can't do real research without the ability to smell", but it's something you should be aware of. This intuitive reasoning is moving everywhere in the study of this frost column. I vaguely thought that this intuitive reasoning did not come from the accumulation of known knowledge, but from the purity of my interest in the phenomenon, but I am very pleased to see the example now. There is. I hope that the researchers of this frost column will always have the feelings that appear in this research for various phenomena.



Bottom book: "Ukichiro Nakaya's collection of writings" Iwanami Bunko, Iwanami Shoten
First print issued on September 16, 1988 (Showa 63)
Issued the 26th edition on January 6, 2011 (Heisei 23)
Parent of the original: "Japanese science" Sogensha
1940 (Showa 15)
Input: Hiroshi Kadota
Calibration: Takashi Kawayama
Created December 15, 2012
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
