From the earthquake diary
Torahiko Terada

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) I went to Shimura's house with my children.

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) After | Rain shower

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) [# Raise one character from the ground] (October 1945)

/ \: Double dance character (repeated symbol in the shape of a vertically lengthened "ku")
(Example) Mishi / \
-------------------------------------------------- -----

August 24, 1918 Cloudy, after | Rain shower
I went to Shimura's house with my children. We collected a lot of parasitic plants that can be barbarized on the rice field road "Tambomichi" under the cliff. Prime Minister Kato | Demise of the Crown suddenly changed and demise.

August 25th, fine weather
Shotgun 2 at Nihonbashi ｜ Buy a loaf 《Kin》. To put it in the lamp stand.

August 26, cloudy, evening thunderstorm
Lunar eclipse 《Gessoku》 Invisible due to rain. In the evening, a rare lightning Rocket lightning was visible in the sky from the west to the zenith. It extended from west to east just like throwing paper tape. We will see it all together. My mother says that I have never seen such a light until this age.

August 27th, fine weather
Stay at Shimura's house. Unusual Nihonbare. Lunar calendar | The moon of 16 nights "Izayoi" comes out of the forest in red.

August 28th, fine weather, shower
The morning mist crawls deeply on the ground. Mowing. A hundred tongues came, but they didn't ring. By the time I got home by train in the evening, the tip of a thunderstorm came. Prime Minister Kato's funeral.

August 29, cloudy, afternoon thunderstorm
See a picture of Fujiwara's vortex and clouds at the morning meteorological observatory.

August 30th fine
Go to Shimura's house with his wife and draw a sketch board.

September 1st (Saturday)
In the morning, it was a barge and sometimes heavy rain struck. When I thought that it was falling at a very high intensity, it stopped suddenly as if it had been cut off, and when I thought about it, it suddenly started to descend again, which was a very unusual intermittent way of descending. I wrote the manuscript "Oil Lamp" for the magazine "Cultural Life". As the rain stopped, I went to see the invitation day of the Ueno Nika Association exhibition. I entered the venue around 10:30. It was hot and humid. The influence of the French exhibition was noticeable. While drinking tea with Mr. T at a coffee shop, I felt a sudden earthquake while listening to the story of the withdrawal request problem from the good man "Oops" of the model for his exhibition picture "Woman of Izaki". I felt like I was hitting the back of my legs sitting on a chair with a mallet from below. I felt that I felt the preliminary tremors immediately without noticing the weak preliminary tremors that should have come before that, but even so, while I thought that it was a strange short-week vibration, the real preliminary tremors finally came. It attacked suddenly. At the same time, I learned that this was an unusual earthquake that I had never experienced. At that moment, there was a story about Tosa's Ansei earthquake that my mother had told me many times since I was a child, and I remembered it. It was. When I looked up on my back and carefully watched the shaking work of the architecture at the venue, it was shaking gently while making a noise in a long week, which seems to be about four or five seconds. When I saw it, I knew that this building was okay, so the scary feeling soon disappeared. Then, I was struggling to observe the course of the vibration of this rare strong earthquake as closely as possible.
A few seconds after the start of the main motion, the vibrations temporarily diminished, and by the time I thought it wasn't a big deal, another sudden, first-increasing and violent wave came, and I was surprised for the second time. However, after that, it gradually declined and became only a long-term wave.
People who were at the same table usually stood up in the first major move and rushed toward the exit, but the middle-aged couple who were on their own line did not stand yet at that time. What's more, it was clear that the wife was eating beefsteak, and at least apparently carried a piece of meat to her mouth. However, when the second maximum movement came, all of them went out and the hall became empty. The forehead of the oil painting "Aburae" was distorted and dropped, but most of the time it seemed to hang properly. Even if you look at this, you can see that the tremor of this building was not so violent. If you think about it later, it seems that it was advantageous that the building's self-week period was extremely long. After the tremor subsided, I thought I'd go out to see what was going on outside, but I couldn't make a bill because all the boys in the coffee shop had gone out and no one was there. So when I went out to the mouth of the toilet near the counter and looked out through the low wooden fence, people gathered there and looked at the sky as a stunned group. It seems that people escaped from this toilet entrance over the fence. The sky was already half-clear, but shredded cotton clouds were flying like in a storm. One of the boys came back soon, so I finished the bill. I remember the boy as if he was terribly polite. When I got out of the exit, I found that the old lady in the lower leg was the only one who was arranging the scattered footwear, and asked her to take out the bat umbrella that she had entrusted to me. I searched for T painter from among them. His two children were with him. At that time, I noticed that a large dead branch of a large tree nearby was broken and fell. I don't know if it broke due to the earthquake or the storm this morning. When I parted from Mr. T and walked toward Toshogu, a strange moldy smell pierced my nose. Looking up at the sky, you can see terrible dust flying from the direction of Shitaya. I thought this was a huge number of houses collapsed, and at the same time, I had an intuition that this could catch fire all over Tokyo. Looking into the precincts from the front of Toshogu, all the stone lanterns are lying north to defeat the elephant shogi. The pillar of the Otorii was standing, but the upper cross girder was about to fall outside, and it was almost stopped without falling. The boys of the Seiyoken were gathering at the base of the big cherry blossoms. I later learned that the head of the Great Buddha had fallen, but I didn't notice it at all at that time. The torii gate of Inari on the slope, which descends toward the pond, also had pillars standing and the girders were crushed. When I went down the hill, I saw that the Shinobazu Benten office was lying down toward the pond, and I finally swallowed it clearly that this was a big earthquake. I came.
It takes a surprising amount of effort to fully realize the remarkable changes that suddenly occurred while the safe day continued. On this day, after seeing the Nika Association, I went out to Nihonbashi side with the intention of having lunch, but after experiencing that earthquake, I smelled the dust that was blowing up from Shimotani. In anticipation of a big fire, I saw that elephant lantern in the stone lantern of Toshogu in front of me, but the lunch program was still there without being canceled. However, when I saw the collapse of the Benten shrine office, I thought that this should not be done for the first time, and only then did I become a little worried about my family.
A train was parked in front of Benten and was unlikely to move. Even if you ask the conductor, you don't know when it will start moving. When I think about it later, I can understand how insane it was to ask such a thing, but at that time, the number of citizens who asked the conductor the same question as myself would be counted.
When I came to the back of the zoo, I brought a tatami mat to the middle of the road and had a sick person on it. The uncrowded town was quiet. I was planning to go back through Nezu, but I thought that the streets of the lowlands were dangerous when I saw the brick wall scraps falling down due to the frequent aftershocks, so I thought that the streets of the lowlands were dangerous. I headed to Dangozaka from the town "Yanaka Misakicho". Some houses collapsed on both sides of the narrow town of Yanaka. I was impressed by the shining light of the sun shining on the scattered storefronts of the salt rice cracker shop "Shiosenbeiya". When I went up the dumpling slope and came to Sendagi, there was no house that had fallen down anymore, and there were only some houses where the tiles were partially peeled off. When I entered Akimachi, it seemed that almost nothing had happened at first glance, and the bright sunlight like spring illuminates the gates. When I entered the front door of my house, my wife was cleaning the wall soil that had spilled from every corner of the wall with a broom. The brick wall in front of the next house has completely collapsed onto the road, and all the stone walls on the border between the next house and the house have fallen toward the house. It was dangerous if I went out to the backyard. When I asked him, the Karagami in the living room collapsed completely with a terrible shaking, and the cat was surprised and jumped out into the garden, but the people of our house did not. I felt that this had the effect of being included in my family many times in Hirao. The piano was walking a little on the small pulley under the table, and the vase on the vase table had fallen between the boards. After that, a few roof tiles had fallen and the walls had cracks. My eldest son had gone to the end of the main school "Honjo" on the first day of junior high school, but he had already returned home at the time of the earthquake. So, even though there were occasional aftershocks, I felt that nothing had changed from weekdays, and I had forgotten that I thought that the whole of Tokyo would catch fire. It was.
In the meantime, assistant Nishida came and the university's medical chemistry class was on fire, but the Faculty of Science was safe. Mr. N is coming. The next TM professor came and said that there were fires in some parts of the city. Seen from the porch, a rare cumulus cloud is rising in the southern sky. It was quite different from ordinary cumulus clouds, and it was a typical so-called coriflower-like cloud as seen in the photograph of the eruption cloud during the Sakurajima eruption last year. It was instinctively thought that it was caused by a very active fire. Above these clouds, the dark blue autumn sky, which is rarely seen in Tokyo, was clear, and the blazing heat of the lingering summer sun was shining on the bald chicken head in the windless garden. Then the sound of the train stopped and the sound of the carpenter in the neighborhood stopped, and the world felt quiet and quiet.
It is said that Mr. Fujita came in the evening, the library and the law department were burnt down, the Yamagami meeting place and the headquarters were burnt down, and the wooden math class was burnt down in the Faculty of Science. After dinner, I went to Hakusan with Mr. E and bought a candle. Mr. TM came and let me know what the university was like. I go to college at night to see what's going on. I could see the burning inside of the library library from the outside of the window. It took about all night and looked like it was burning. A lot of people would have gathered in a normal fire, but there were no people around and just one stray dog was wandering around. It took three people to extinguish the burning wooden roof of the hut containing the meters and kilograms of sub-prototypes, but the interior of the fireproof structure seemed to be okay. Even so, it was a stupid design to put such a fuel on the roof. Bachelor of Science, Akiyama and Ozawa, extinguished one of the window frames of the physics classroom that had caught fire and burned. With just one bucket, I went to the well outside the Yayoicho gate and bukkake it. If this was also thrown away, the entire building would have been burnt. The train street on the way home around 11 o'clock was full of homeless people. The blue moon was shining above the crimson clouds of the fire.

September 2nd cloudy
After going to the university in the morning and looking around the damage, if you go along Hongo-dori to Yushima 5-chome, you can see the undulating terrain of Yushimadai, which was burnt down beautifully, and the forest of Ueno is unexpectedly close. It looked like. The word "Heisen" came to my mind. I could also imagine the scenery around here before Edo. The skeleton of a burnt train was stuck, blocking the road with a lump of electric wires. All the dozo are burnt, and the remains of brick walls are mixed here and there. In some cases, the treetops of burnt trees are covered with pure white ash. Only the police box in front of Myojin and the self-service telephone remain unburned like a miracle. When you reach Matsuzumi-cho, the direction of Asakusa Shitaya is still burning all over, and it is a sea of black smoke and flames. The smoke is so hot that it oozes into my eyes and I can't proceed. Some of the people who evacuated from the depths of the smoke to Hongo had their faces and hands swelled like leprosy patients. There are two people on the left and right who lean on their shoulders and drag them. When I thought about it, some of the people who went in the opposite direction seemed to be carefree, like going on an excursion with the camera down. When I gave up visiting Asakusa's relatives and went up from Matsuzumi-cho to Ochanomizu, I read the sign that the garden of the Women's Higher Normal School was a shelter for Kyoundo Hospital. .. Ochanomizu Bridge remained with only a slight collapse on both sides in the middle, but Surugadai was all scorched earth. In front of Meiji University, a charred corpse was rolling and covered with a burnt galvanized iron plate. When you come to Hitotsubashi from Jimbocho, you can see that most of the meteorological observatory is burnt, but the official residence is strangely left over the stone wall. The bridge is on fire and burning, so the police officer is on duty and does not allow people to pass through. A bicycle flew in and broke through regardless of the restraint. When a cow goes to the edge along the moat and rests on the side of the road, the evacuees pass in front of it without any cuts. A lot of people pass by. A fifty-looking woman puts a big dog on her back and doesn't have a furoshiki wrap. The yukata "Yukata" is dyed yellow as if it was bathed in muddy water. I hurry up without looking aside as if many people are watching or indifferent. A young man wears a large lotus leaf on his head and squeezes it with a towel from above. Then I hung the water in the ice bag on my head and walked, sometimes fanning the water. When I saw a Hijikata-style man dragging something with a rope, he somehow proudly dragged a two-shaku square ice block on a piece of burnt galvanized iron. I was going. When I saw a magnificent luxury car being blocked by the flow of people in such a procession, the car was full of paulownia boxes that seemed to contain hangings. , A man sat down and looked around as if crouching in it.
When I got home, thirteen relatives of Asakusa who had been burnt out had evacuated. Soon after taking out any of them, he said that if he was out in Ueno Park last night, a policeman would come and XX arsonists would wander around, so be careful. You can hear various myths such as poisoning a well and throwing a bomb. Thousands of kilograms of poison and tens of thousands of kilograms of bombs would be needed to walk wildly to such a town at the end of the day. It was.
When I went out to Komagome street in the evening, a group of evacuees flowed toward Rikutsugu and Takinogawa. Even at the shops on the main street, they are preparing to evict by putting together their luggage. When I returned home, I heard that I had withdrawn my house in my neighborhood. I didn't expect the fire in the Ueno area to burn to this area, but I was prepared to evacuate in the unlikely event. When I thought about evacuating, there was almost nothing I had to bring out. However, I felt that only a few oil paintings I had drawn were a little regrettable, and I felt responsible for the manuscript of the Romanized book that I had received from others. When my wife told me to take only the calico cat and leave the other ball, I had prepared a basket or something that the children would definitely take.

September 3rd (Monday) Rain after cloudy weather
From around 9 am, send the eldest son to Itabashi and ask Sandaikichi to send white rice, vegetables, salt, etc. I went to college. A person evacuating to the countryside passed by one side of Oiwake street without a cut-off. On the other side, people who have been evacuated are returning, and people coming in from the countryside are in the opposite direction. Some people look sullen, but others feel very miserable just by looking at them. The face of a young man dragging his injured leg and clinging to a cane had a color of despair that seemed to go nowhere. A married couple puts an old mother who seems to be a sick person on something like a small car and pulls it, and the sick person looks down at the face that has turned black due to dust.
On the way back, I bought a can of milk, rice crackers, biscuits, etc. at Oiwake. The storefronts of all grocery stores in the direction of approaching the burnt area were empty. It was clear that such food shortages gradually spread. After returning home, I go to the neighborhood to buy dried bonito flakes, pickled plums, canned foods, and potato starch. I feel like I'm doing something wrong, but I thought it was unavoidable because I was entrusted with the mouths of more than 20 people. At 4:00 pm, Tatsugoro, the father of Sandaikichi, brought white rice, sweet potatoes, radishes, eggplants, soy sauce, sugar, etc. in the car, so I was a little relieved. But again, in this case, bringing in a car of groceries from the kitchen was quite daunting.
Mr. E went to see the state of Mr. Komiya's absence in Aoyama. According to the story on the way back, when the eldest son was on the second floor at the time of the earthquake, he was worried because the bookshelf collapsed and blocked the exit. That's right.
According to a person who was with us at the night police and went to Maebashi at the time of the earthquake, there was a rumor that the fire in Tokyo on the night of the day looked like a pillar of fire, so it might be an eruption of Ojima. is there.
[# Raise one character from the ground] (October 1945)



Bottom book: "Torahiko Terada Complete Works Vol. 7" Iwanami Shoten
Issued on June 5, 1997 (Heisei 9)
Parent of the bottom book: "Torahiko Terada Complete Works Literature" Iwanami Shoten
1985 (Showa 60)
* Unpublished manuscript before life.
* Included in the book "Aesculus turbinata".
* The editorial department has added a note of [31] to "30" in "August 30th".
Input: Kiyotaka Sandpit
Proofreading: Tarao Bannai
Created October 23, 2003
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
