Direction of new culture construction
Kunio Kishida

I have decided to take on the job of the Imperial Rule Assistance Association Culture Department, but what surprised me when I took on the job was how different the word "culture" was in each direction. It's a culture.
Therefore, your Ministry of Culture often receives questions about when and what to do. Some people scare me to create a cultural policy. Some face the challenge of embarking on a radical renewal of education. Others jokingly say that they can make a movie.
This is a bit of a misnomer, and I can't say that I didn't know that, but there are other people in charge of Saifu, so I have to do it. What you have to do is probably something else.
Considering the purpose of the Imperial Rule Assistance Association itself, this does not clearly do what the government should do, nor does it mean that the private sector will bother to do what it can do. Well, even if the government tries to do it, it can not be done with the current system, and it is something that the people themselves should do, which is difficult to do under the current circumstances. We are at the starting point, saying that we should force ourselves to do it, and that the people should do only what they should do to get a new feeling.
By the way, the wing praise party is the first to do what no one has done, or at least not enough, to do what you can do with all your might. It's one job.
Cultural issues do not mean that the nation does not have cultural policy. They have built schools, built museums, paid attention to scenic beauty, subsidized social work, and recently paid great attention to improving the position of the people. All of this is a cultural policy, but somehow, I feel that the so-called cultural nature of politics to date has been weak. This isn't all about not encouraging culture or having a definite policy on censorship of theater and film. It is thought that this is because the political power that governs the substance of people's lives lacks the spiritual height that reflects the true form of culture, rather than the fact that it is rather sloppy. Spiritual height is also not an advocacy of spiritualism to the people, nor a mixture of training lectures and ministerial statements.
By the way, we can't help but say this now. The people as victims want a politics that enriches their lives, but in today's era, each and every one of the people has to get up first. Must create what is lacking in politics by the people themselves. That is the only way to live.
In terms of culture, fortunately, I think that the lack of supplies is not so influential. Even if you can't print a lot of books because you don't have enough paper, you can say that many people read one book. Even if the film isn't distributed enough and it's inconvenient to make a movie, then it's okay if you don't make a boring movie. Western-style painters struggle with the bottom of the cannabus, but with a twist of their heads, there is no way out of the predicament. Rather, for us, the problem is by no means in the future, considering what the state of modern Japanese culture is and what it will be like in the future.

In that case, where is the problem? First of all, we should reflect on whether we could do everything we could do as human beings and as a nation to this day.
We were really cold to our compatriots. We have made our lives horribly poor. We also disrespected the traditions of the people and did not have the courage to fight the invasion.
In particular, we have acquired the habit of forgetting the beauty of order, refusing to cooperate with our neighbors, and thinking that it is wise to be stubborn.
Experts who are called cultural figures exchange dialects with Jinyi, which is not accepted in other societies, in their area of specialization, and instead of helping each other, there are many facts that they are in conflict with each other.
Scholarship and art cannot be improved by this, and there is no reason to enrich daily life with this.
We are, so to speak, to become a nation who can only do things that are less than their ability.
Professor Ibuki of our university (Keio University) told me a cute story when he came to pull me out today.
A Japanese student visited the library in Paris and applied for a photo of a copybook because it was for research. Then, a person in charge of the library asked, "How many photos of this copybook are in Japan?" This tells us that there are already some Japanese teachers who took the picture, but this riddle is probably a riddle about how Japanese scholars waste extra energy. It's an example.
That's right.
There are innumerable examples of kaifu, and if you expand this route, you will find that there are cultural weaknesses in modern Japan.

Japan has a fine cultural history, and today it is one of the people who has an excellent sense of culture, but alas, that sense does not live in each person, and the buds of creativity sprout. I'm asleep. Therefore, it can be said that our current weakness lies in the fact that the characteristics of the people have not become one great force in the past, as in some times in the past.
Let's take an example of the work of a doctor. He is a doctor who has started a business in a certain region and is very skilled and credible. Normally, he is a good doctor. However, the doctor is satisfied with taking the pulse of the patient who comes to him, giving medicine, devoting himself to the treatment, and is completely indifferent to the problems of general health and hygiene in the region. is there. Youths are declining in position, infant mortality is high, and there are signs of tuberculosis epidemic. He has never been sick, let alone willing to try to solve this problem. I'm skeptical that it's what the government does. What will happen to the result if most of the doctors are Kauifu? In the current situation in Japan, the physical strength of the people is declining day by day, and the crime lies with the whole people. Especially, it is said that it is in a Japanese doctor. What is the reason why the movement to call on the leadership of the people, with all the doctors at the forefront, did not occur early? This is because the ideals of doctors as Japanese have been overshadowed.
What is most needed now is for the mid-career cultural professionals of the nation to abandon their previous clues, be unrelenting, unscrupulous, naked, and buy out the mission of being the leader of the nation. ..
For that, it is necessary to have a horizontal connection in order to prepare for the cooperation of power. The same experts must be in close contact with each other, but at the same time, scientists cannot lead the people in the field of science alone, and religions cannot lead people in the name of religion alone. It is possible.
Scientists and religions must believe in each other and share a common path. The same is true for educators and artists, and fashion scholars, nutritionists and architects are also not allowed to look at national life from their own perspectives.
The solution of the national language problem should not be left to the hands of a national language scholar, and for external promotion, experts from all departments should be mobilized to narrow down the best wisdom of the people.
The Ministry of Culture wants to do this kind of work in the future.
I think that the reorganization of the cultural institution that was completed in the end is the shortest way to enrich, make the people's lives brighter, and make them healthier. Needless to say, that is Japan's hope for tomorrow.
I always think about it, but it is doubtful that people over the age of fifty are no longer qualified to talk about the culture of the future. It's not that it's no good at all, but it's generally a status quo sect, and it seems that those who profess innovation by mouth fall into the category of exception.
Humans in their thirties and forties have some potential. However, already after the middle of my age, habits will inevitably become acquired. No matter how much you think you've dispelled your habits, it's hard to say that somehow it will come out and create a whole new personality. The point is that you can try your best efforts, and that you can dominate the next era in any way.
By the way, in the 20s and teens, this is a year that can be anything if you still stick to yourself.
While holding the signboard of the new system, we will put the foundation of a national new culture that cannot be completed in our generation into the hands of you with great dreams and young power. (November 1945)



Bottom book: "Kunishi Kishida Complete Works 25" Iwanami Shoten
Issued on August 8, 1991 (Heisei 3)
Parent of the original: "Life and Culture" Aoyama Publishing Co., Ltd.
December 20, 1941 (Showa 16)
Input: tatsuki
Proofreading: Hiroshi Kadota
Created June 10, 2008
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
