Vibrating demon
Unno Juza

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) First

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Friend ｜ Akiro Kakioka 《Kakioka Akirou》

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Numbers are JIS X 0213 area area number, or original page and number of lines)
(Example) * [# "Tehen + Ox", 4th level 2-12-93]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

1


From now on, I would like to talk about an experiment that my friend | Akio Kakioka planned, which is strange to the world.
I don't think readers will be interested in saying Akiro Kakioka, but of course, this is a tentative name I gave, and if I wrote the real name here, I would write it honestly. If you do, the reader will be surprised because it's such a famous person. Despite that, I wrote that the reason why I dared to disobey journalism and not expose his real name was-but I decided to mention it internally. I have to confess that I'm feeling a lot of hesitation-the reason I don't expose his real name is because of his wife, Kakioka Kureko. This is because I don't want to suffer as much as I can after this. Kuroko is a delicate woman who is truly rare in this beast-like world. If you think of it as a metaphor, it's like a canary chick with soft yellow feathers just growing in its palm. If you say feelings, it seems that you can convey the feeling that you receive from Mr. Kuroko. From the paulownia tree in the garden, the lashes of the lashes, the autumn breeze that rolls up with the lashes blows the downy hair that grows alongside Nayonayo on Kureko's collar legs. Even if you defeat it, her twins, like a circle with long eyelashes, have a bright red sunset like a ripe persimmon that crashes into a fishing bottle. Even if I hit my eyelashes, it seemed that Mr. Kuroko's appearance would instantly turn into a drop of water vapor and disappear into the air. Ah, I seem to have been too enthusiastic about giving a tribute.
Calling such a beautiful man, Reijin, his wife, he will hold the coming day, the coming night, and the coming night in the red persimmon. I must say that my friend Akio Kakioka, who was allowed to do so, was the one who was the most complete reporter in the world. If I had been given the status of Akiro Kakioka-Oh, even if I was just delusional, what a sweet stimulus I would be invited to-I Built an Egyptian-style palace for Mr. Kuroko and invited him to the jade-colored throne with a gem of persimmon, a chastity belt for young men. If there was a belt, I would tighten it myself and hang the key on Queen Kuroko's chest, and always hang the crimson "tankoushoku" banner on the distance. I would never be willing to worship three or nine and serve like a slave. However, in the case of his friend Akio Kakioka, what an unfamiliar greedy person, "Don't miss it". He had an inseparable ugly relationship with another sow, Mrs. Mebuta Fujin.
The sow's wife, Yukiko Shiraishi, was 37 years old, two years older than Kakioka. However, even though the appearance has a sensible odor, there is a place on her body that is suitable for such a large number. I couldn't find it. In particular, the curve from the cervical muscle to the chest has a bright slope in the world, and the color is white and plump as if it contained plenty of milk, not the upper arm or the lower limb. Fertilize, if you lightly press the area with one finger, at first you will get a dent as if you poke a soft rice cake, but then the tip of your finger From the bottom of the "Momo", a suspicious elasticity that can't be said is working, as if a challenge "Ido" was coming. And the sow, who has never had a baby, seems to have added a few millimeters of pale fat layer under the fine-grained skin, perhaps due to a physiological relationship over the last few years. When the wife suddenly approached her face, a sensual scent that was stuffy and throaty rose from the narrow gap between her plump breasts and the bright red juban.
It should be said that Akiro Kakioka became involved in such a fairy flower, his unluckyness. No matter what kind of man, even if it's not Kakioka, when he encounters a woman like Mrs. Yukiko, she can't get away from her as if she were standing up. right. However, what saved Akio Kakioka for a long time without causing the urge to the body of Mrs. Yukiko is because she was the daughter-in-law of her benefactor for Akio Kakioka.
Readers may find it frustrating to say that I'm going to talk about Akio Kakioka's bizarre experiment, but to make a preface that's too long, but in fact, the seemingly mediocre facts I'm about to talk about will come later. Since it is the most important part of my memoir, I would like you to read it with your mental arithmetic.
By the way, the husband of the so-called sow Mrs. Mebuta, who Akiro Kakioka praises as a benefactor, was Dr. Shiraishi, a doctor of medicine. Dr. Shiraishi was a famous respiratory illness master with a large Sanatrum clinic in Shonan. Generally speaking, Sanatrum clinic allows only patients with extremely mild lung disease to be hospitalized, and this therapy is not suitable for patients with slightly severe illness who have entered the second or third stage. With a clever excuse, he often escaped as a doctor. However, only when I was Dr. Shiraishi, not only did any seriously ill patient be willing to be hospitalized, but he also achieved a fairly high rate of recovery due to his unique method of foci consolidation. was. It's a bit like the well-known method of inhaling calcium powder through the nose of a patient to create a lime wall in the lesion, but with Dr. Shiraishi's solidification method. The first layer of the lesion is made of a new invention material made of a certain organic substance to form a tough and flexible adhesive wall film, and the second layer is formed on it. As a result, the powder of golden "Ogon" was plated to block the activity of the diseased bacteria.
Akiro Kakioka called this Dr. Shiraishi a benefactor, he wrote in the magazine "Here", but Kakioka was actually one of the people who grasped the happiness of rehabilitation with this new therapy by Dr. Shiraishi. And if Kakioka goes through the gates of the doctor's hospital one month later, or if "or" asks for the doctor's diagnosis another month earlier, he has the opportunity to rehabilitate. It must have been lost forever. That is to say, Kakioka came to the place where he was convinced of this new therapy, and he became the official first trial patient of Dr. Kakioka, and on the one hand, Kakioka. The condition of the patient was near the third stage, and the first lobe of the right lung was completely eroded, and only half of the second lobe below it was eaten by Mycobacterium tuberculosis. If it was too late to pass through the doctor's gate for another month, the doctor of the stone was not responsible for the rejuvenation.
I had to show the reader the ring of Akirou Kakioka, but Akirou Kakioka gave his hometown Okayama a huge amount of assets. As a social educator or a religious person, his social fame is very popular, especially among young men and women. Was a person. Just before he fell ill, there was an election for the religious group, and as a result of the fierce movement, he took a very important position, despite his weak age. There is nothing more bizarre than a religionist or a social educator, and among them, to truly serve God and save the sinners of the world. Those who are willing to sacrifice their lives are very rare, and many of them happened to find a profession there, and of course after that they preached with a sense of profession. With a fiery ambition, he looks at the aftermath of his superior, and listens to the confession of women and girls of mysterious age. I was delighted to be intoxicated with a mysterious passion in my heart. If you look closely at the identity of Akio Kakioka, he was a person of this kind, but fortunately he, who is a relatively bold person, came without a gallbladder. It was. This isn't something I've been jealous of.
If Kakioka suffered from that illness and took his breath, his competitors would immediately be like a starving tiger wolf. When he jumped in, the position of the persimmon hill was flattened, and his corpse, Shikabane, said that there was no such thing as a disgraceful lieutenant. It must have been piled up on top. Akio Kakioka knew more than enough about the atmosphere during that time.
(This is no good anymore. Let's make the final decision), he decided. Dr. Utsukazu Shiraishi brilliantly scooped up such a crisis. For Kakioka, it wasn't just the illness that he saved, but his social status, his family, and his property were all saved by him at the same time. was. On the day he was discharged from Dr. Sanatrum's clinic, Kakioka fell in love with Dr. Kakioka, and was unable to raise his face for a while while he was in tears.
The reason why both families, Akio Kakioka and Dr. Shiraishi, began to have a very close relationship with each other was due to such circumstances.


2


These two couples often have a tea party together, hit the mahjong "Mahjong" that has just begun to be popular at that time, and Miura "Miura" on Sunday afternoons. When I drove in the direction of Misaki, I enjoyed playing golf, and my other eyes were also Mutsuma. However, the relationship between Dr. Yukiko and Mrs. Kakioka and Mr. Kureko could never be so simple.
It was a day near the end of a summer that I first learned about it. Mrs. Yukiko had no offspring with the doctor. Therefore, Mrs. Kakioka, who seems to have had a lot of leisure time, soon recovered her health and rehabilitated herself, and the momentum of her rehabilitation went to the forefront of society. He volunteered for his social work and took on the role of caretaker. That summer, the coastal forest school was open to a certain beach in Sagami Bay, so the Kakioka and his wife both stayed there for a temporary stay and the children's I was taking care of it. On the other hand, Mrs. Yukiko, as the secretary of a summer class that tours the suburbs of Tokyo, took care of her every day from early morning when she went to a venue that was never cool in the suburbs. It was.
So I have to talk about myself, Toriwatari, but I was originally a friend of the so-called stilts, Chikuba, who passed by Kakioka and his hometown junior high school together. So, I was just a private junior high school physics teacher with no money and no fame, but my childhood friend was really strange, and even today, with a completely different status, like a true brother. I was able to call out and talk about selfishness. Thanks to this famous wealthy friend, when I go in and out of the mansion, I have a treat that I can never get by consulting my wallet. Or, in order to pay for the single blood stasis for the treatment, he gave him enough pocket money to go through the grid of the Yasumachiai on the outskirts of the town. there were. After he welcomed Kureko-san, I couldn't even blame him, but instead of him, he did a publishing substitute, Daisaku, and gave a lecture. Every time I wrote, I was getting enough money to match the salary I got from the school. Mr. Kuroko probably knew a little about the situation around here, but he gave me a lot of hospitality with a good heart by birth.
When passing through the gate of the Kakioka House, it was customary for me to enter silently without asking for guidance. After Kakioka welcomed Mr. Kuroko, I wanted to change this rude "busaho" extreme "Kiwamaru" visit style to a strict "genkaku", but it seems to be a custom. It's scary, and when I got a little work on the lattice, I suddenly messed up, and when I noticed, I found Choconan and cross-legged on the sitting room. It was like I was cross-legged. However, I shouldn't go outside the entrance of the Kakioka residence, the living room, the kitchen, his study, and the detached room where I'm supposed to have a bed every time I stay. I was determined. However, once, no one would be there because it was midday in the bedroom of the couple, who had a fluffy bedroom with a crimson pattern that awakened their eyes. I went to peep and made a mistake, but it's better not to talk about it.
Well, it was one day in the summer.
After giving a boring lecture at the class (not to mention that Mrs. Sow was attending the class), that night I read a book I wanted to read. Because there was, I was keeping an eye on the book because it was on the book shelf of Kakioka, so I decided to go and borrow it today, Azabu Honmuracho. He turned to his Kakioka residence in Buhonmuracho.
When I opened the front door, I always had a habit of looking at footwear. Depending on the type of footwear lined up, the face at home may be known, and on top of that, it was possible to judge whether the owner of the footwear was in a good mood or whether it was terrible. There was no pair of footwear lined up at the entrance of the day. Then, I thought that even my wife, including Ondai, hadn't returned from the beach yet.
In that case, I decided to go up and surprise the absentee maid Oyoshi, who might be taking a nap in the living room, and steal the shrine sound. I was going. However, not only was Oyoshi not visible in the living room, but Oyoshi was tightly tightened, and the position of the troupe was neat and tidy, and even if it was not Sherlock Holmes, Oyoshi was quite long. It turned out that he seemed to go out with the schedule of "Kan". But for that, what a careless thing. In fact, a thief named me sneaked up with Mamma.
However, it was at this time. I thought I could hear a sloppy voice out of nowhere. I was wondering if it was because of my ears, but when I listened carefully, it wasn't a mishearing. Certainly there is a human voice. Moreover, it was a voice leaking from this house.
Did the Kakioka and his wife have already returned? When I stood up, I took a couple of steps toward that voice, but if humans encounter such an opportunity, ten people will be excused (knowing that it is bad). It is something that I and I try to do "good" and gently steal the secrets of others. Even in my case, I immediately took the first action of a small adventure while making my whole body curious [# "hot"]. Oh, but what a big impulse it gave me! One of the voices must have been Akio Kakioka, but the other person to talk to was not Mr. Kuroko, and it was Mrs. Yukiko Shiraishi.
I knew what I was doing, I quickly shook my body and succeeded in hiding behind the curtains in my study. From there, the dialogue in the bedroom next door was heard as bright as it could cover my ears.
The content of the story I was able to hear there was enough to tell me, who had no prior knowledge about the relationship between the two, at the edge of the astonishment. Readers should read the following sword [# "emphasis mark"] and imagine my stunned face.

"Can you really not go according to my wishes?"
"I don't like it, terrible one"
"Why don't you respond to me when I ask you so hard?"
"I don't care what it is."
"Sleep on this, as it only takes a short time."
"I don't want to look like there is no such hail [#" hail "in front of you" no matter how much. "
"Please bear with me thinking that you went to the doctor."
"The doctor and you are very different."
"What an embarrassing thing, I--"
Somehow, there was a sign of auction.
"Are you appealing to violence? (And Mrs. Yukiko's crisp voice" scary ", but the ending gradually changes softly) Well, it's not like a man."
"But now, the opportunity doesn't come easily."
"I have no desire to live up to your wishes for the rest of my life. Even though you are a servant of God, even if you are not born yet, you will be a living spirit. It's a cruel person to drop his hand and go from darkness to darkness! Oh, murderer ... "
"Don't make a loud voice. I don't understand why I'm explaining this much. What if I find out that you've housed my seed?" I think that social status and fame will fly like ashes. Then, even you will not be able to enjoy the luxurious encounters that you have had in the past. Isn't it? Even if my illness recurs, Dr. "No longer" can save him anymore. Thinking about that, if I love you, listen to me and say this Have a simple abortion surgery. "
"No matter how many times you say it, it's no use, I'm already determined. I'll take good care of the cute little boy I have in my womb."
"Oh, then, are you going to fake the doctor and raise him as a child?"
"Well, why did that happen ... The reason why there was no child between Usaku and I was because the right plan itself didn't have a child. I know it well because I'm a scholar, so if I'm pregnant now, I'll realize what I'm doing on the spot. "
"But I can say I don't know if I'm my child ..."
"You're saying a ridiculous thing. If you examine the blood type of the born fetal, you can easily tell who the seed is. Besides, you are not a patient and an attending physician who are inseparable from the right plan. Given your blood type and its sputum, it is already a foetation. You know it long ago. "
"Oh, then what are you going to do? What kind of encounter do you have with me?"
"I want to take good care of the little boy I have with you. I'm completely determined. When the right plan, Usaku, notices this, go out. If that's the case, I'll go out and send it to jail, but one day I'll be free and wait for you and the boy to come back to me. "
"Understood. Now, I'm going to use the proof of my child to roll up my fortune. I can't do it with money. But it's a trade-off, please XX the fetal. "
"Hey, that doesn't work. You want more than money. You can't get out of my pocket while this kid is alive. I know a better way to avoid damaging your position, but I'll never let you go. You have to be at my disposal. You have to do it. If you turn your back, your position and fame will quickly fall to the ground. If you want to, but until then, you're safe. You'll be alive. From one to ten, everyone's life is held in my palm, and what about you now that you've noticed it? I won't do it ... "
"..."
"Oh, you're holding a pistol. You're going to kill me. I know. But I'm sorry. If you kill me, don't say the next day, you I'm going to jail. Do you think you're a vague [# "blurred" sideline] who doesn't prepare for when I was killed? I don't know that the documents and evidence that everything is exposed at the same time as I die are stored somewhere. "
"Oh, I was a huge idiot."
The voice of Kakioka, who screams, and the glossy word of Mrs. Yukiko, who has begun to comfort her with the words of caress of Mida, are so. I left behind, and I ran away as if I slipped on the spot, and then I jumped into the traffic with my bare feet.


3


After that, Akio Kakioka and Mrs. Yukiko Shiraishi looked very peaceful, at least in appearance. When a record was hung in the room and Kakioka and Yukiko started to dance together, the doctor with a bruises face, Mrs. Kakioka, helped Mr. Kakioka to wake him up. I took a step like "Azaya".
When the voice of autumn was heard from nowhere, everyone suddenly looked nervous. Akio Kakioka was enthusiastic about the business and lectures as if he had forgotten that he had forgotten that he had been shaken by Mrs. Yukiko's fear of the past day. However, I wanted to say that it was miserable for Ms. Yukiko to appear like a shadow every time.
Akio Kakioka started building a strangely shaped digging hut in a corner of the vacant lot of his house about thirty days after the secret meeting incident. .. The Horitate hut had very few windows, and it was two meters above the cell, in the shape of an air-free cell. When the hut was roughly shaped, the ingenuity of the lamp company came in, and a large utility pole was erected, a thick electric wire was pulled, and an insulator "insulator" * [# "Tehen + Ox", No. 4 Level 2-12-93] 《Ne》 Insulators were installed in black and square transformers. Once that was done, thick felt, asbestos, and cork boards were carried in, which were not the walls inside the hut, the ceiling, the floor, the entrance. The six planes have been completely triple-layered, not called the door. When I entered the room, I smelled a strange moldy throat, as if I had entered the warehouse of a spinning factory. However, the reason why it is not breathing at that rate may be that the electrical equipment is working and the air in the room is skillfully replaced with the outside air. Mie | When the wall body "Hekitai" is completed, the machine base will be carried by many stands, and after that, one truck will put on the instruments with a polite protective frame "Hogowaku". Arrived with a lot of "mansai". One person who seems to be a young engineer conducted the craftsmanship in about three days, and when he installed those instruments, he greeted Akio Kakioka, who had returned from the lecture, after giving a detailed explanation. I pulled it up.
What the hell is going to start in this room from now on?
According to Kakioka's explanation to Mr. Kuroko, the Tokyo dispatch research group of Lushun University will mainly study acoustics with the incentive of the association. It seems that he made a decision, and he had to build a laboratory for it, but because he could not find a suitable estate, Kakioka lent a part of his residence as an aid to social service. It seems that he decided. On the other hand, Kakioka himself had a great admiration for science for a long time, and he said that he would take this opportunity to start learning from elementary experiments.
Mr. Kuroko didn't put the suspicion of this in the words of Kakioka. It was kind of encouraging to be able to keep my husband, who lives outside the home, in a corner of his house, albeit in the laboratory, for most of the day, and what about meals? I was so happy to think that I could recommend home-cooked meals with a basket of emotions.
However, to put it simply, this was nothing but an experiment based on Akio Kakioka's bizarre conspiracy, which was about to begin. By the way, that experiment is--
Akirou Kakioka, who was threatened by Mrs. Yukiko and was rejected for abortion surgery, seemed to have discouraged this afterwards, but her inner feelings were completely opposite, and at that time. When I learned of his wife's deep-hearted and relentless plans, I thought that I had to carry out an abortion at any cost. The method must not threaten the life of the wife, and must be completely unnoticed by the wife. It's a very difficult method. No, it was wondered whether there was such a method or not. However, Kakioka, who believes in the greatness of his wisdom, thought that he would find a wonderful means.
At one point he stood in the library and sought out a lot of books, and at another point he listened to the lectures and discussions of medical scientists. Then, he sought a way to do it. Either intoxicate the wife with the sake, lose her identity to the taste of the water pipe filled with opium, or ride on the euphoric surgery immediately after the ecstasy that gave her peace of mind. I thought about adding an opium surgery, but my wife was always nervous and didn't easily fall into an opium ecstasy, so even if I added an operation. It was predicted that the pain on the way would be noticed immediately. Once she was sniffed that she had had surgery, but in the end it was all about rushing to hell. Somehow, Mrs. Yukiko had to do something quite naturally so that she wouldn't even notice it was an operation or a poison he had. It was not a mystery that could be solved easily, even for him who was very wisdom.
But fortunately, he finally learned how to do it very well.
It was a method of utilizing the vibration of an object. Remove the lid of the empty can that the drops were in, make a small hole in the bottom, insert a thread into it, fish the can upside down, and use the pencil shaft. Try hitting one with a cone. Then this can would make a loud noise in proportion to its shape, and it would be ringing with Gwan for a while. If you hit it hard, it will emit a louder sound. However, the tone is always the same. That's because these boxes and jars have only one tatta frequency, which is determined by their dimensions, so the integrated frequency is nothing but the timbre itself. So if you hit the same vessel, the tone will always be the same, regardless of the volume of the sound.
Therefore, pick up another drop of empty can, and as before, fasten it with a thread, hang it, and then hit the first can with all one's might. It will make a loud noise immediately, but after making a noise, hold the can with your hand to stop the vibration. If you listen carefully at that time, the can you just hit was held down by your hand to stop the vibration, but the same tone "Neiro" [# "Tone" is "tone" in the bottom. "] Sound can be heard quite strongly. Where is the sound coming from?
If you pay close attention, the can of the drop that you can catch with a thread afterwards and do not hit it will naturally squeak. This is called a resonance phenomenon. When two vibrating bodies have the same frequency, hitting one of them causes the vibration to traverse the air and stimulate the other. The stimulus is originally a stimulus of the same nature, and it receives the same effect as being hit with a stick, and always starts to ring. When you think about it, it seems that when one of them rings, it starts to ring as if it naturally responds to it. If the vibrating body that is gently caught and placed with different dimensions is young, there is no effect. For example, a large canned empty one is useless. In other words, it is useless if the frequencies are not the same.
After that, after attaching some rice grains such as rice grains to the can that I caught, and then tapping the can that I caught at the beginning again with Gwan, the can that I caught later vibrates and starts to ring. Of course, when I look at it, the wall of the can vibrates so strongly that at last the rice grains that were in close contact with each other are peeled off and the bottom is porori. It falls to. ――It was Akio Kakioka's soul and soul to use this guy to have an abortion.
The uterus is a hollow container in the shape of an eggplant. With that in mind, the uterus should also have a certain frequency according to its dimensions. After pregnancy | The foetation in February, March, and April was like rice grains attached to the can of the drop, and was attached to the uterine wall with very little force. .. When a release agent is injected into the uterus using a syringe, the drug erodes the skin, causing the soft skin that connects the foetation to the uterine wall to erode and fall off. , Achieved the purpose of abortion. Akirou Kakioka's method is to do it mechanically, and when Mrs. Yukiko sends a sound with a strong specific vibration, the uterus immediately vibrates violently. At the end of the "give", the fetal "Taiji" formed between him and his wife was peeled off from the poro and the uterine wall, and flowed out to the outside, completely aborting. I was trying to reach my goal.
Akiro Kakioka, who found a strange and miserable way to sneak up in the world, jumped around the room and was delighted. At the expense of nearly 20,000 yen, he used a research team at Journey University to create a soundproof room in a corner of the mansion, "Ichigu," where sound does not leak outside the laboratory. I bought a mixture of many built-in instruments that produce such a convenient sound by determining the frequency from the dimensions of the uterus and the size of the uterus. It was. The installation of the machine has also been completed. To make it convenient for him to manipulate, the instrument eliminates all the complicated gimmicks, and if you press one push button, it will make the horrific vibration of the example. I didn't forget to make it. However, the person who made this instrument did not know a little about his purpose of use like a demon.
Well, on top of this, I wish I could somehow bring Mrs. Yukiko into this laboratory. It was that there was no elephant. He even said to his wife, "My wife, the laboratory used for the usual Lushun University has been completed, and by this evening, all the desks and instruments will be installed." I should have said it. After that, the wife knew
"Oh, that's right. Then, I'll drop in for my night," Yabun. "Hey, okay, you."
It must have been said. And all the facts were taken away according to the scenario. When the clock went down at 7 o'clock, the door of the laboratory was slammed. Kakioka, who was waiting alone in the room, heard the sound and saw a grinning and creepy straw, and he stood up from the chair.
When Kakioka opened the door from the inside, Mrs. Yukiko came in, staggering as if jumping.
"Are you alone?"
And, Kakioka heard, just in case …….
"Yes, I'm alone. Why, oh, my wife. If you're a wife, you're doing a lot of work now."
Mrs. Yukiko showed a nasty wink like a whore after talking.
"My wife, what did you do tonight? Your face color doesn't look good."
"Oh, soo. Is it so bad?"
"Isn't it?"
"When I said that, my head seemed to hurt from the time I woke up this morning. I'm sure my core is exhausted."
"You have to be careful. It's possible tonight. Welcome back soon and good night."
"Yes, thank you, Mr. Akiro"
That said, Mrs. Gently touched her forehead. Mrs. Skillfully suffered from a suggestion from the plot of Kakioka.
Then, Kakioka went around the room, guiding his wife. The last time they stood side by side was in front of an acoustic device that produced the strange vibrations of the past. Kakioka explained the purpose of the experiment of "Bullet", and then hung his left hand on the handle "handle" of the device that can change the vibration to a small range in front of the push button "Oshi button" with his right hand. .. This was a mechanism to change the frequency by turning this handle even if the calculation had some mistakes, and to achieve the terrifying purpose of the example.
"Then, let's make that sound for a moment. It's a very strange tone, but if you listen carefully, there's something like an idyllic" mysterious "simple tone. "
Akiro Kakioka was steadily following the order of the bizarre experiments while remembering the pleasant taste of a joyful cat by taunting the captured mouse.
"Well, that's good, please do it soon."
Ms. Yukiko waited for the experiment, not knowing that the terrifying cursed claws would fall on her body.
"Then I'll start. Hey, it's like this ..."
Kakioka squeezed the push button with the fingertip of his right hand, Yubisaki. Immediately, a wide sound of dull wooen occurred in the room, but the sound seemed to be a very weak sound, and due to that habit, when I listened to it for a long time, some reptiles in my stomach. There was an animal of "Hachurui", and it started to move and felt like it was biting from the inside with sharp fangs, and Kakioka became unpleasant as expected. However, I thought that if I stopped this sound lightly, the abortion effect would not be effective enough, so I put up with patience and did not let go of the push button.
"Somehow, it sounds sober."
"How about this idyllic" neiro "tone ..."
"Isn't it idyllic, isn't it the sound of a mole [#" mogura "emphasis mark] writhing under the ground?"
By the way, Mrs. Sato started walking from the front of this laboratory table. Kakioka was relieved to release the fingertip "Yubisaki" from the push button "Oshi Button".
Mrs. walked straight to a corner, but eventually returned to Kakioka.
"Hey, isn't there any uncleanness in this room?"
The wife had a slight frown on her face and bent one hand to hold her lower abdomen tight. When Kakioka heard the words, he remembered that his head was wobbly, and involuntarily grasped the corner of the laboratory table that hit the tip of his hand. And he couldn't even speak to Tomi, and pointed to the other corner of the other side to the silent "Mugon". There, the word "toilet" was written in white enamel on a black horizontal wooden tag.
Mrs. Yukiko walked toward the door of the toilet so that she could be sucked.
When Kakioka opens a large mouth like a monster and inserts the fingers of his five hands between his teeth, he can't tell whether he's laughing or crying. With a complicated expression, he was shaking with Wanawana on the spot.
Mrs. Yukiko popped up with a bang and a rough sound of the toilet door closing. Its face color was pale and its lips were purple. At first glance, Mrs. was hanging something in her right hand.
Mrs. Akiro's empty voice called out.
"..."
"Your prayer has finally been heard. Our cute little boy-Hora, I'll let you see me too."
When a raw lukewarm thing hits the cheeks of the persimmon hill, the back of the ear is squeezed, and a handkerchief-like one | The slag "Hirugae" fell.
Kakioka wiped his cheeks with his hands, yelling, "Ah," but reflexively, his face with the lukewarm palm attached to it. I started in front of. Wow, blood, blood, blood, a wet, crimson blood clot.
Kakioka lost consciousness when he broke his knee and collapsed so that it would collapse on the spot.
How long has it passed? When he noticed again, Mrs. Shiraishi was no longer visible in the room.
(Rabbits and horns went well. The opposite, no way, I don't realize that the acoustic vibration caused the wife to have an abortion. Once the foetation has flowed, it's here. It's a thing. Hey Kakioka, your victory. Laugh one loudly and happily!)
Although I encouraged my heart, even if I tried to make a voice, my chest seemed to be suppressed and I couldn't think of it. When I noticed, it seemed that something like a pumpkin could be caught in the area under my throat, which made me feel uncomfortable. As soon as I stretched my chin forward to vomit it, the back of my throat suddenly became itchy and I coughed with Ehen. Coughed out in front of the kneecap.
"This guy failed!"
Akiro Kakioka clearly saw the depths of his chest, which he could not see with ordinary eyes. In the meantime, he was struck by a severe cough, and each time he spit out fresh blood. The blood clot in front of the persimmon hill doubled and tripled as I saw it, and expanded. At the same time, I was struck by an indescribable abomination and a dull feeling. Then, the whole body began to rattle, and no matter how much I pressed my arm, it didn't stop, and at the end, the whole laboratory became a big earthquake. I had the illusion that I had begun to vibrate as if I had become. A scorching high fever erupted from the whole body.
"The Sea of Fertility Tuberculosis"
He fell on the floor and clearly said his own sudden change.


4


What an unlucky man I was, Akio Kakioka!
Although he succeeded in the abortion of the sow, who had been struggling hard, he was suddenly attacked by hemoptysis that night and suddenly suffered from a high fever of over 40 degrees Celsius. I got tired and got stuck on the floor. His consciousness has already become quite stunned, but he wants to make the inhaled oxygen gas "Sanso Gas" stronger, and in any case, Dr. Shiraishi, who is the attending physician. He demanded that his family not call him. Why did you abandon Dr. Shiraishi, a well-known doctor? Did he expel him until he took his life?
About that, Kakioka finally passed away two days later without saying a word. There are things here that cannot be seen without tears. It is because Mr. Kuroko, who has just arrived in the spring of 20 years, is buried in the form of a widow of Sumizome, and the night to come will be lonely. It was that I had to squeeze the unstoppable tears between Tsu and Chokon.
I was the only one who could somehow help Mr. Kuroko, who is not close to me. Both Dr. Shiraishi and Mrs. Yukiko suddenly became unfriendly and visited Mr. Kuroko only very rarely. Instead of my late friend Kakioka, I comforted Mr. Kuroko with the fidelity that Kakioka could do. Mr. Kuroko, as a brother of the late good man "Oops", relied on me for everything, for example, he consulted with me without keeping any secrets about inheritance. It was. I think that everyone will agree that the hearts of Mr. Kuroko and I have always been close to each other.
One morning in late autumn, two months after Kakioka's death, I was reminded that I was supposed to make a happy pledge from Mr. Kuroko's mouth for that day only. I brought out the three suits to the porch, and quickly passed through them, and immediately, not in the afternoon, I thought I would visit Mr. Kuroko to his own residence in Azabu. It was.
When I untied the obi and threw my clothes behind, it became a single monkey crotch and jumped out to the veranda where the bright sunlight hits, and the warm radiant heat was released. With my back full, I took a deep breath with Woon and closed my eyelids.
"Machida Kyota"
Suddenly, there was a sign that people were approaching from the garden. When I opened my eyes dazzlingly, about thirty young young gentlemen turned to me and laughed at Nikoyaka, and I called for my name.
"I'm Machida, but who were you?"
I was also invited to laugh and said to Akira.
"I'd like to hear from you a little bit ... I'm such a person."
That said, the young gentleman put out a business card of Ichiyo. When I pick it up and read it,
"Private detective Soroku Homura" Homura Soroku ""
I thought that such a business card should be torn and thrown away. But I didn't say that in color.
"I don't know what you're doing, but please call me. I'll be wearing a kimono ..."
That said, when I tried to jump into the back room with a kimono,
"No, when you move, it's one shot. I'm sorry for the sideways belly," said the young man.
Looking back, the young gentleman's right hand was shining with Browning.
I was naked, and when I slipped my new clothes to the side, I sat down on the porch.
"I'm sure you're ready, but as the murderer of Akio Kakioka, I'll capture you, and the warrant is here."
A private detective who calls himself Homura pushed a piece of white paper toward me.
"Don't say anything ridiculous"
I said.
"Kakioka is also my best friend and a close friend like my brother. There are many suspicious people, such as the women around him and the quack doctor."
"I can't accept your instructions for that. I'd like to know, but I've been doing all kinds of investigations for another month or so at the request of Mrs. Kakioka. . To flutter during this period is all you have to do to defile your fictitious name. Be mysterious.
You can use acoustic vibrations to measure a woman's abortion, or use acoustic vibrations to brilliantly destroy a cavity in a tuberculosis patient's lesion and cause tuberculosis to recur. Not only that, he was the one who made a terrifying attempt to kill his life. Moreover, without telling Mr. Kakioka a little, he focused his attention only on causing his wife to have an abortion, and his cavity vibrated violently. I didn't pay attention to the fact that I would destroy Shiki and cut off my life. Of course, everything was your wisdom as a physics teacher. You were cleverly hiding that.
You deliberately took various actions to direct the responsibility for Mr. Kakioka's death to the attending physician, Dr. Shiraishi, and acted as if the doctor's wife had been perpetrated due to a sexual relationship.
However, everything was too childish for us merchants.
And you are making one important mistake. You forgot to dispose of Mr. Kakioka's diary, despite the utmost care. Or, you may have read this diary, but you may have been completely relieved to see Mr. Kakioka avoiding the description in the diary a little bit about that. Hmm.
However, I didn't look at the important line. It was an article that Mr. Kakioka took two X-rays, one from the front and one from the side, at the insurer's house of Nihon x Life at the beginning of this autumn.
X-rays are taken from the front or back, never from the side. I was suspicious of that. Then I visited the insurer of Nihon x Life and made a lot of squeezing words, "I'll give you", you successfully bought the diplomat of that insurance company and the insurer, and let me take that strange X-ray. I didn't know that you brought the seed plate, Mr. Kanta Machida, you, from the front and the side, the volume of the large cavity "Kudo" in Mr. Kakioka's right chest. Details >> You did the calculation in detail. As a result, ironically, he discovered that Mr. Kakioka's tuberculosis cavity was about the same size as Dr. Shiraishi's uterine cavity.
With the help of Mr. Kakioka, who knows nothing about two birds with one stone, he was the one who tried to self-destruct the person and at the same time, he tried to get the beautiful Mrs. Kuroko. The sensitive wife, Kenage, is willing to jump into your pocket, and when she gets some conviction, she immediately asks me to find out the truth. There was a request to want.
By the way, your acquired insurance agent and insurance doctor are holding a copy of me on the other side of this fence. If you have a desire to recite Kyukats, I'd like to have you get together right away, but how about that?
In the meantime, I was allowed to investigate the house, and you were enormous for the calculated piece of paper and the life insurance that made Mr. Kakioka think that he had failed. I would like to find out the evidence documents that I have contracted for a ridiculous insurance policy, killed Mr. Kakioka, and then stole a huge amount of death payments. Do you have anything to say to me? "
The man who calls himself the youth detective Soroku Homura was thrilled to reveal my true identity.
Then, two years passed, and after the trial, the trial chased, and finally, the Supreme Court's decision was completed, and all the litigation procedures were carried out here [# " In the basics of the litigation procedure, the litigation procedure will be closed. Then I started writing and spelling out this mysterious confession, but strangely enough, I can taste it tonight when I finally finished writing it. It seems to be the last night. I've been aware of that from the day before, so I don't hesitate.
This memorable night was quietly dawning, and at the same time, I had to stand up in this cell and climb up to the high gallows.



Bottom book: "Unno Juza Complete Works Vol. 1 Yuigonjyou Broadcasting" Sanichi Shobo
October 15, 1990 (Heisei 2) 1st edition 1st printing issued
First appearance: "Shinseinen" Hakubunkan
November 1931 (Showa 6) issue
* The bottom book is a large scale of "ga" (ward number 5-86) used for counting things and place names.
Input: taku
Proofreading: Takashi Tsuchiya
Created August 29, 2007
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
