God chisel
Kyoka Izumi
-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]
"":ruby
(Example) Tokifune
｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Castle "Jiyau" ga | Swamp "Numa"
[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Numbers are JIS X 0213 area area number or Unicode, base page and number of lines)
(Example) * [# "彳 + sheep", 3rd level 1-84-32]
/ \: Double dance character (repeated symbol in the shape of a vertically lengthened "ku")
(Example) Tobo / \
* Double the dance character with dakuten is "/" \ "
-------------------------------------------------- -----
[# 5 indentation] [# headline] Tokifune [# end of headline]
[# 9 indentation] 1 [# "1" is the middle heading]
From the haze of the Akebono, which includes the wet color of the wet color, from the inside, the figure and the pretending to be a moist woman. With one hand on his shoulder and one hand on his shoulder, one young man, Wakamono, was revealed as Tobo / \.
The color is deep blue, the eyes are bloody, and the stretched hair is covered with bare feet on the forehead. , Without a crown, dust-coated, dingy, stubborn suits with some "places /" \ "buttons" cut off. He wears shoes, shoes, and socks, and wears bare feet, and even though he walks, he walks.
The place where it was towing a woman was a night and night, and it was like a mountain road. "Michi", "inside" in the thorns "thorns" * [# "彳 + sheep", 3rd level 1-84-32] * [# "彳 + Iwa no Tsukuri", 3rd level 1-84- 33] It's also the case that the night "yo" is white to the "wandering" deceased "Ochiudo", and the quarrel of "life-threatening" is in a hurry. It seems that the reason why he was pulled out was that he was exhausted and exhausted. However, whether it's a road trip or a quarrel, the place where it came out is a shinobi. There are villages, villages, pine trees, pine trees, ridges, and houses behind the scenes. It's not. The castle tower of the old castle toes of the old days, in the shape of a mountain that has been destroyed and the mine of that mountain has been left over. The only thing left is to spread the wings and spread the wings, and the eagle will fly into the hollow space, and the clouds will be defeated. The chest hair is white. At the same height as "Taka", the top "Itaiki" is lined up, and "Mine" in perspective moves Shinonome "Snow". On top of the haze that begins to move, there is a light red color, a light purple color, a light purple color, a light purple color, and a light yellow color. Opposing the dark blue "Konjiyau", "Mukahia", the ghost "Kasuka", the middle "Naka" with the snow "Katsu", and the aftermath of the Meisei "Miyaujiyau" There are "Kira / \" and "Kaya". ...... Who will quarrel with this Yamanaka Sanchiyu, and where will he elope from where? ……
The woman said, "Hitsukatsu" was taken away, and the hand was wrapped around the sleeve, with or without it. I couldn't see what I was stooling with one hand, which was also fluttering / \ and underneath. A face with almost no blood color, which is white powder on the 臘 "Rafu", is facing straight, and the double eyelids are crisp. "Kurome Tendency" is full of "Kurome Tendency" * [# "Eyes + Face", 3rd level 1-88-85] "Mihira", until a moment "again". Then, the ears of the man, the ears of the man, the bottle of the man, and the face of the man, Kaho, were lined up on each other, while Pau Gasol. However, he is not a small person, so the back of a woman is quite high.
I wondered if it was, but the obi below the obi was thin and the wind was thin, and the skirt was tight. , The power is soft and power is not included. The heel is floating, and it looks like it's being carried by the upper part of the body.
Both of them, then, eventually covered their knees with a turbulent dead body, and then covered them up to the area above their knees. The haze hides the knees and the haze under the knees.
The most "mochito" did not follow the place where there was no road. Behind the scenes, the dream of Akatsuki, who is still a shark, remains in the illusion of the illusion. The true table of "Tenshiyu", the castle tower of "Sobi". The main road was "Ohotemichi", and the right and left "Migi Hidari" of the hanging "Dara / \ Ori" was a half-buried moat. It is a "moat".
It's not called "Karabori", but it's connected to the left and right "Sai" of the traces of the major "Ohote" that turned to the castle tower "Tenshiyu". The stone wall called "Ishigaki" is still high, but the shore is shallow, and it is gradually buried in "Dan / \", and the embankment is built. The 蘆 "Ashi" forms a forest "Mori" until it wraps around the road "Michi". However, as for the sickle, the sickle goes into the long "Tokosiheni", and the place where it cannot be "placed", and the dead leaves "he" is transparent from the fold. Then, the color of the melted water of the haze and the haze is waiting for the sun to come out, and the appearance of the sickle / "\". The heat haze of the place where it came, from that to that, fluffy / \ and play. "Kagerafu" is the one who "hangs out" here.
The 蘆 "Ashi" of that "Ashi" is a major "Ohote", and the woman "Nana" is separated, and the morning breeze "Asakaze" also shakes. In the style of Raru, the man's swing was fluttering, and when he shook it, he followed the flutter and came down. ...... Young, if there is no voice with this, the male and female "two" will reveal the heat haze "Kagerafu", the first "Saiyo" of that "so" I don't know what it looks like.
However, listen to the words of the young man, Wakamono, with his breathless voice.
"What do you mean by" ne "... what do you mean by" ne "? I'm surprised that I'm wearing a true individual" Matsutaku "and" Ki ". I was surprised. It came in white. When did I know when the night was clear or not? You're also "again" what "what", you can hit "bu" and shake "yusbu" and "wake up", but you're exhausted. I'm very tired of my elbows, and I've been tired of it. Since I was divided by you, it's like a glance. There is no vagina for Hitome .... "
Tosei / \, when you shake your shoulders, the sound of that "hi" or the tremor, while the woman "Matsuro" is black. In the middle of the hair, the white face of the marble "Dairiseki" is held down, and the future is just "Yukusaki". 》 Ripe 《Actually》 and 《Mimamo》.
[# 9 indentation] Two [# "two" is the middle heading]
"When I think about it, it's the one that was struck by Noh in the middle."
And the man, "Toko", is still "na", half "middle", muttering "tweet",
"If you look at the words, you'll be in the enemy. In the enemy, you'll know that you can see the light of the night. Rana Katsuta is actually able to be courageous while being himself .... No, not really, temporarily "Ichiji" death. I don't know why.
If you say that you're dead, you're dead, you're not alive or dead, and you're a safe face. I was so happy to see it, and I was disappointed when I was relaxed and disappointed. It was made. You're waiting, and I'm waiting for you, and I'm the one I see in front of my eyes. I can't see it, but it's sloppy, it's sloppy, and it's finished.
The true individual 《Matsutaku》, the rest of the peace of mind 《Ama》 and fainting 《Kizetsu》 abandoned 《Give up》 and forgive 《Forgiveness》. 寐 《Ne》 I don't know. In addition, "again", what "do" will be done ... Actually, "when" is fast, and this "ko"'s mother-in-law is connected. Look at your face "Kaho" in order to get out, and at that time "when"! The riddle below the platform is slack. From the 5th floor of the castle tower, "Gokai", jump down to the castle toe "Shiroato" and return! The enthusiasm of that "so" made me go out, in fact, it was "actual".
However, on the day when he flew from the top of "A" to "Ton", both of them "Gotai" are fine dust. The five bodies are fine, and the face and face are not visible, and nothing can be done. However, what is the lightness, what is the salvation, what is the salvation, what is the salvation, what is it, and what is it? "
To the toes, to the laughter, to the clapping of the straw, to the foot of the toes under the toes, stepping on the grass. A piece of a person who has lost his power, or who has a woman on his shoulder and a burden of love on his knees. At the same time as the knees and knees are lifted and the hands and hands are released, the black hair of the woman is cheeked. It fell down on the sword, and the front lie down, the man's knees, and the back to the knees. I shook my weak waist and shook my knees.
"Atsu!" And hurriedly, the young man "Wakamono" hung his hand on "Uhe" on the band "Obi" of that "So".
"It's dangerous. Oh, what's that?-Ura,"
Ivy is the name of a woman.
"Did you get hurt, or did you hurt anywhere? No, no."
The woman said, "Oh, that's right," she said, "I don't have a voice," but she nodded, saying that she shouldn't make a mistake. Now, when you try to wake up, it doesn't move even if it's trivial.
"Why don't you wake up? In such a place, Nagai is useless. What did you do?"
And swaying, swaying, following the hand, swaying, swaying, picking the fins of the dead fish. If you move the water with a pinch and move it, it will be the same as the one with the same work, and if this one stays, it will become quiet. The wind that doesn't float or sink.
For the first time, I was surprised at the color that I was surprised at
"What did you do? Ura. Hatena, now, I'm falling, and I'm down, I'm a man, and I'm injured." Because of that, I don't know what to do. I don't know what it is. Yahari is temporarily tired of Ichiji. Ah, of course, I can say something only to people from the previous Satsuki, and I'm sure, please, Ura. 》, What did you do? ”
And now, "now" has become a hurry. The young man, Wakamono, holds his neck in Yaba and turns his back to his knees, and twists his face. In the end, I twisted my chest to the front and twisted it, and the face of a woman who turned upside down.
Now, there is no blockage in the eyes, and there is no trouble in the case of Rei, which is a trivial matter. In addition, the forehead is engraved with streaks of only hair, and first of all, the beauty of the beauty, the gentleness of the eyebrows, and the eyebrows of the eyebrows. I didn't even do a moment, and I looked at it.
The face of that "kaho", the time of this "ko", the movement "mijiro" that turned back, and the sword "tsuma" At first glance, I saw a circle with a rounded kneecap and a kneecap that was exposed to the snow.
"Umu," one voice "Hitokoe", * [# "Tehen + Do", 4th level 2-13-41] "Dau" and "Kareashi" dropped their hips "Koshi" As if he had caused convulsions, he threw his legs out and shook / \ and trembled. Hey,
"It's different / \. It's a structure, it's a sword, it's a statue. It's a statue. It's a sculpture, it's a sculpture, and ... oh. "
If you hold the breast of the woman's breast in the battle, and press it with pressure, it will be around the bulging collar. However, I wanted to have a firm and cold palm on my palm.
"What is it, and if it is enough to bring it back, who is the life of the raccoon dog?" Let's go to Koshira .... 誑 《Taburaka》 Yaagatsuna! Wildcat 《Yamaneko》, fox 《Kitsune》, raccoon dog 《Nodanuki》. ”
Take the chest "Munasaki" to the stinginess "Jiyaken", and use one hand to "Hitsuta", and the culvert "He" is a stick. It's a sewage sewage. The appearance of a pretty "mono no aware" and a lustrous "glamorous" woman "Suga" has a bow-shaped spine "Yumi Nari" and a garment "Mosso" in the air. , It grows like a hangman's neck.
[# 9 indentation] Three [# "three" is the middle heading]
The young man, Wakamono, was a frenzied man, and he stepped on the ground and bit his teeth.
"Oh, whether it's a demon or a demon, he says he's going to make a mistake in his promise. What did you say, what did you say? "
With a squeaky voice, a squeaky voice, a hand, a nigiri, a sky, and a castle tower. He glared at the roof of the castle tower and screamed. Beyond the major source "Ohotesuji" to the moat end "Horibata" -not yet clear, the sea "Umi", Yamanaka "Sanchiyu" Behind the original Hara-the morning rainbow, the scales on the Asaji, while the one that springs up from the valley of "Tani" "Muka" Fukishi "Gishi" Ishigaki "Ishigaki" Yue "Goshi", to the castle tower "Tenshiyu", "Muka" screaming "Wakia" ...
It screams, but it looks like a soliloquy, a soliloquy, a soliloquy, and a courage to swear the enemy. In the "horizontal", flutter / \, go out to the front "mahe", retreat "sasa", and "ka" 蹌踉 "yoro" flutter, and "ka" soliloquy "one person" 》.
"The brute" Chikushiyau ", the brute" Chikushiyau "who robbed the wife of the" Human ", and the demon" Mamono "have no in-law, but the promise" I wondered if I could make a mistake in "Yakusoku" ... What "what" I promised "Yakusoku" -a statue of a woman "Nana" He said that he would bring the shape of that sculpture, and that he would return the ura. Was it forgotten or was it forgotten? "
And with his fist, his fist hit his knees with ivy, but his power was behind him. Both Ishigaki and Tenshu are swayed by the haze.
"Wait. I'm afraid, but it's the image of this" that I made "myself", and this is the value "neuchi". Well, what would you do if you were inferior to Haruka than Ura? If you say that it isn't, it's up to that, ――Ah, because of that, I hid the old enthusiast, Rioura, and this Did you turn back the wooden statue of "Mokuzau"? I was crazy about "Muchiyu", and I fell in love with this "This". I don't know if it's the main thing, or if it's a hug and a return.
In that "it", it is said that it is an inferior work "Retsusaku", and it is said that it is a bad work "Damono". "Damono" or this guy "this guy". "
He turned his neck and held it in his chest, and with his blood-sucking eyes, his face and his face. 》.
"I'm the face that I've done without knowing this heart, and I'm done with it. Even if I'm a stone, I'm myself. Why don't I draw the heart of this konjac and dew on the eyelashes and inn? The haze is cloudy and the spider is cloudy. Ranu Hitomi is just like a konjac ball, and it's just like a sword, it's a reason, it doesn't have blood, it doesn't have a sword. There is no "Miyaku", no soul "Tamashihi", and a wooden statue of "Kikuzu". "
With an excited face, he looked up at the castle tower, and turned down again.
"What" is this, this is what the demon "mamono" says "I", what I say "I", what I say "I", what I say "I", Don't let me and I speak with your mouth. Oh, I want to body the meaning of nature and the enemy. In the wooden statue "Mokuzau" that is abusive from the self "Mizu", the front "Saki" fulfills the promise "Yakusoku", and it is not impossible to do it ... … Bad things, bad things, bad things, ”
With a footstep to avoid Sanshiya, and retreat with Taji / \,
"Now, if you grow up, the memorial of Ura is important. Well, you should wear your arm and clothes / \ and your clothes. "I'm wearing a kimono." Fu / \ * [# "Tehen + Inferior", 3rd level 1-84-77] When you open it, go through the obi, and remove the sleeves, the soft shoulders will be on the bottom, and the two will be on. The arm of the arm hangs down. The breast of the twin ball "Tama" and the Aya "Aya" of the thread Ichijo "Itohitosuji" are not left, but they are held in the Kowaki "Waki". 》 Kuya, the half body of this sculptor, Tekokuka, has the flame of Yamatsubaki, in front of the haze, and the flame of Yamatsubaki. # "Fire + 發", U + 243CB, 75-4] "Patsu" and "Kara" atmosphere.
The assault of that "Soo" is reflected on the scarlet Kago "Higanoko", and the snow "Yuki" of the foot "Tomorrow" is projected, and the woman "Nana" The skin of "Hadae" is the morning cherry blossom, the back of the white cloud "Shirakumo", the shadow of the day "Hi", and the blood "Chi". In the inside, the face of the man, Kaho, became blue. --One arm of the statue of a woman, Zau, is cut from the place of the elbow, and the eyes are red. I was struck by the fact that I was standing there.
I shouted "Watsu," and grabbed the throat of that "so", and shook my hand in an attempt to throw it. When the muscle of the "te" is caught and the "tsu" is like a stick "bo", the image of the woman "nana" is "zau". Like a crane, he has a flutter / \ and a black hair, and a young man, Wakamono, who has a wing on his shoulder. The throat was struck.
However, before that, I didn't shake it. Going over the moat and hitting Haruka Kana Ishigaki in the midst of the stone wall, Ikihohi also lost. Let's do it--Grace, hesitate, wander ... Look at the bottom of the foot, and lower the footsteps to the bottom. This is a square set of water on the shore of a low moat, which is immediately gray, and is made of water.蘆 To the top of the "Ashi", to the "Uhe", to the "Hikia", to the "Float", to the water "Mizu", and to the edge "/ \", the small boat "Kobune" The shape of the bottom is the shape of a large fish that doesn't even know the name of the place. There is a white skull that bites a tooth and a stone wall.
[# 9 indentation] 4 [# "4" is the middle heading]
The small boat "Kobune" whose place is "So" is rowing from "Muka" stern "Gishi" to this "This" shore "Kishi" at what time. The shape of the stern, which is like a stern, with the stern on the other side and the stern on the root of the stern. It can be seen in the shape, and it is said that the stern of the stern where the stern is, and the stern of the stern, and the reverse of the stern. The stern is nothing. For things that are still strange, Kasumi wraps the side of the stern, and the stern emerges. "To" Matsu, one fifth-ranked heron "Goisagi", even with a cheek crown "Houkaburi", with a stern wind "Fu", resting the stern and wings "Tsubasa" I stayed with Jiyoung on the stern.
The area around this area of ​​the castle toe is far from the human settlement, so the voice of the chicken, the voice of the chicken, and the crow From the voice of "Ko", the night "Yo" is bright in the color "Iro" of the fifth-ranked Sagi "Gosagi". There is no mystery in that, but I have to be afraid of people, and I have to go straight to the comb. On the top of the "Uhe", each person "one by one" makes a noise, and from the previous "Satsuki", the "making" of the body is made, and the claws stand "tsumada". I couldn't help but lower my one leg.
It dropped into the inside of this ship, Fune.
The statue of a woman, Zau, turned to her torso, and her shoulders were on her side, and her black hair was on her side. Kurokami is sandwiched between the 蘆 蘆, and hangs from the bottom of the milk to the hem, like a thin coat. If the haze is dim, the soft sound of the leaves without the wind and the sound of the leaves will be heard / \. Then, I thought that the ship "Fune" would shake "Hitoyusu" and "Yu", and suddenly, it seemed that the connected "Stern" was surprised. The fifth-ranked night heron, who was in Tomo, opened the dark-black winged wing, which was stern with the purple stern of Harari and its stern.
It was open, but it didn't fly, so it was fluttering and its wings. The long beak reaches the surface of the water, and it reaches the surface of the water. Then, the small boat "Kobune" starts to move with / \, and it goes out in a row without any sound.
What I saw was a stupidity, and I hung my waist on Doka and Moatata.
The work of the fifth-ranked heron 《Goisagi》. If you row a boat, the ears of the wing will be scattered in the wind of the cold, and the eyes and eyes will be scattered. In addition to staying in the air, the wings are fluttered on the palm / \ and up and down. And the boat, Hau, has settled down, let alone the sky of the dream, Sora, and ... eventually rowing the shore, Migiha. 》 Separated 《Hana》.
The dead leaves of the 蘆 "Ashi" are wet / \ and the blue "Ao" is overtaken by the slimy water "Mizu", and the birch color of the floating grass "Ukigusa" is mixed with the boat legs. Around the time when "Funaashi" was formed into a circle, "Hau" of the fifth-ranked heron "Gosagi". In addition, "again", "human", "bald", suddenly "kifu", slippery "smooth", heavy "main" water "mizu" echoed, "hi", and narrated. It's just a matter of time.
Extra labor "work", feathers "splash", "tara / \" and sweat "ash", * [# "sanzui + san", U + 6F75 , 76-16] It is like blood that drops into water / \ with a splash or a wing tip. It is full of bright red "matsuka" with a dark color. ......
"It's the powder of fire, it's the powder of fire," said Moribata, a young man who was surprised and shouted. That's right.
It was seen that the sweat of the blood was squeezed and squeezed, and the wings were dropped and the fire was fluttering.
"Human", "Human", "Human", "Human", "Human", "Human", "Human", "Human", "Human", "Human", "Human".
With the high-pitched voice of "Noradeushi" raised, the shadow "Kage" was smoked on the haze of Hirono "Hirono", and it was scattered at a glance. There is something that can be attached to Mokusan.
The surprised young man, Wakamono, was almost unconscious, hugged by Kowaki, and was attacked by that. He throws the colored robe "Iroginu" toward the fire "Hi" of the ship "Fune" and throws it with "Satsu", and drops it on the water "Mizu". However, it did not reach there, and as soon as the vermilion flowed, the shadow of the fire was harbored. Float, flutter the sleeves, open the skirt, open the skirt, and suffer from agony. See, Etsu, the statue of the woman who is the principal priest, Nana, is wrapped in black smoke at this time. A group of "Ichidan" burning "Ichidan" in the shape of a large "Ohoki" Toki, which was "Tsu", had one "Hi". It is reflected in the upside down, and it stays in the same place as the bottom of the water. There was a flame on the side of Funabata.
"Eh! Dive" Tobiko "Mei, water" Mizu "is shallow" Asa "."
At this time, I rushed to the moat end of the moat, which was called "Tatsupe", and was called "Tatsuke". He was wearing a sack, and he was a tall old man with a sack, and his waist was squeezed down from his body. I wondered if there were two "two", and I offered a large "Ohoki" hemp bag "Asabukuro" to the legs "Ashi" and one place "When" Fly and come,
"Ah, I'm sorry," he muttered and was disappointed.
The flame of the heron of the stern was extinguished, and the board of the boat was open. One by one, one by one, a wide "Huhiro" smoke "Kemuri" standing up, erasing in the sky "Sora" of hell "Yu" The black, black sail, and the image of the woman, Zau, also lost the shadow.
"Oh, I'm left behind. The water is shallow, and if I jump in, I'll help. "Sorry, my husband," Danna, "will be the one who is in a row."
The young man, Wakamono, shook his shoulders and exhaled a sigh of breath.
"Flying things, things like that, and going to such a mysterious place, I got on a ship that I couldn't know about my identity. Is there a "hafu" method? The surplus "bonus" includes you "meesama" and the fifth-ranked heron "gosagi" boatman "sendo" jiya ... tanuki "tanuki" From the mud boat "Dorobune" to the "Kosa", it is still / \ dangerous "that" is known. "
[# 9 indentation] 5 [# "5" is the middle heading]
Without saying that his eyes were awakened, he said that he had awakened for a while, and then the young man's eyes, Hitomi, became a sword. It was.
"What is it, I'm worried about it, and I'm not a living human being on the boat. Because. "
Lumberjack 《Kikoritei》 The old man 《Ji ゞ》 of 《Kudan》 has a ghostly face 《Kaho》
"No, I'm a human being who has lived, and I don't have anything to do with it ... What's the matter ... I wonder if it's a corpse, you."
"The corpse is terrible .... Of course, it's a monster, and it's turned back to the monster, and it's a cremation. Because it's a corpse, the corpse is just like a corpse. It's a cremation, but it's not the spirit of me or the corpse. There is life. The old man, who is now, is a wooden statue, and he is a wooden statue. It's a woman who made a wooden carving "Kibori". "
"Wood carving" Kibori "?
And arms together,
"Well, that" is "again," it's strange. "Fune" and the one that was burned in one place "when" came alive. I was a person and nothing, and I was relieved, but when I heard that it was a wood carving, it was still Naho. The soul disappears ... Gorgeous "Ere" Eh, it's wonderful, it's just like a living "Shiya Ujin". At the place where I saw it, I changed the accommodation of the liver ball "Kimotama" .-- In the haze of "Ichimen", the fire "Hi" Wrapped in smoke and smoke, white limbs rusty / \ while hanging on the stone wall of the moat I saw it on the fishing boat, and I saw it. I took the lid of the kettle of the hell, and took the lid, and the auntie. Fukia, a phantom lantern, or a thoughtful lid.
It looks as good as a normal woman, a person. If you look at the grandfather of life-like Toshin, you will also find the Midabutsu of Jouroku, who is also a Buddha of Jouroku. ――This doll 《Ningiyau》 is, yes, the toy box 《Omochi Yabako》 C. There is no mysterious "mystery" in that, but he says that it is a wood carving "kibori" that is not worrisome. I wonder if Meesama brought it and put it in the ship's boat. "
"What was it, abandoned it?" Said the young man, Wakamono.
"It's like abandoned rice cakes, and it's because of its heavy weight."
As it melts, the white eyebrows that have been separated from the eyes are shaken.
The young man 《Wakamono》 was close to / \.
"So, old man, what's that, you said that you were a living human being and that you were relieved because you weren't there. Is it a person who is also engaged with the ship "Fune" of "now" now? "
"I will remove it from the engagement" Kariahi "and anything" with the owner "Mochinushi" of my "I" ship "Fune". "
"This is a monster, a real thing."
And the young man, Wakamono, turned into a sword, a sword, and a retreat, while retreating to a physique.
"Don't be a nail. It's cruel to make a person wandering around between life and death, a wandering place, and a toy. If you and your friends have as much emotion as a nail fold, you can kill them. Go to "Stripes". Now, tear "Nail", one-handed "Katate" * [# "Tehen + Address", Level 3 1-84-80] "Mo" Ge ... " Gaze.
"My husbands" Dan / \ ","
"What is your husband? Say" Horiyo "to the prisoner of war, call him a slave", "Yo", and ridicule the weak "Jiyakushiya". . Dream, current "depression", minute "waka", I "me", the power to resist you "kisama" There is no such thing. Unfortunately, I'm sorry, but I'm facing you, and suddenly my limbs are numb, and my hips are standing.
However, if the wife who was supposed to be helped was defeated, the hot spring at the foot of the mountain would be foolish. "Far" things "things", Hyakuri "Hiyakuri", 200ri "Nihiyakuri", hometown "Kokiyau", Tokyo "Toukiyau", your hands In order to save from "te", I was planning to go home even if I flew. One statue, one, hugging, walking, and having a heavy weight! ……
Why, look at the sama, look at it, and laugh at it, saying that it ’s cute, and do n’t ridicule it. I was abandoning it with my hand, but it was you who threw the statue on the boat. It's as good as a kick-in. Grip "Nigi" and fist "fist" / \ tremor "fist", lips "lips" white "white" battle "onoh".
The old man 《Ji ゞ》 was a swordless 《Yarusena》 moment 《again》,
"Don't say" gay ", don't say" bad things ", don't do it. I see," I see, "the ship" Fune "was burned," or "evil." What is a "war", a kick-in "keko"? "
"Oh, you burned the boat, you were the one. Look at it, look at it. Thou shalt see it, the demon. What is a wildcat, a wildcat, a fox, a fox, what! Let me see what you really are. It's the idea of ​​"when" for the rest of your life. Or, the fox's true eye, the fox's plane, the fox's plane, the eyebrows, the eyebrows, the pure white, and the wildcat. Eventually, what was the baldness of the sky window "Atama" like a sensible "Funbetsu" was "What". "Don't blur.", The eyes "me" turned upside down, and "again" * [# two-character dot, 1-2-22] and squeezed.
The old man 《Ji ゞ》 patted his face 《Tsura》 with one 《Human》.
[# 9 indentation] 6 [# "6" is the middle heading]
No, I could see the eerie "Bukimi" while my face was "Kaho" no matter how it looked. --With your eyebrows, sneak up
"Well, well, a little" reason "husband", calm "buttocks" Katsue, calm down "ki" ......... a demon "mamono", a demon " I'm screaming, and I'm going to change my blood phase. Don't go up against this "Uhe"-what's wrong with you? , End, "
Compare the upper and lower "Uhesa", the castle tower "Tenshiyu" to the seven minutes "Shichibu", and the youth "Wakamono" to the three minutes "Sanbu".
"Things, here, here, the castle toes, the castle tower, to the castle tower," Aga ", for the sake of doing it."
"Because of that, I don't know. Where did you meet Yufube last night?"
"Before, I've got it, and I've got it."
"Waka, I'm sorry. No, Sakuya was rude last night, the captain of the monster, Taichiya."
"Well, I think it's a nuisance, I'm a monster, and I'm afraid."
"It's nothing with a monster, it's nothing with a monster, and you're a monster, and a fifth-ranked heron is rowing, and it's a moat. You can burn it naturally in the "middle" of the "moat" ... Is there a "mochinushi" owner of the mysterious ship "fune"? "
"I see, I see, no matter what, you know the details, and you don't know what to do. Here and there, the people of these people don't get messy. "
"What do you say about things that are na-sama, what do you do, you take away" Uba ", and I'm the wife of me" Isn't it possible to know the town hall of "U"? "
"Don't do it suddenly. The person who came to the hot springs" Tauji "to the Sugoroku hot spring" at the foot of the mountain "Yamasso". "People" Sugoroku. "
"You have grabbed the Ura from what you have learned, and ... you are staying at Hatagoya. 《ゐ》
"In that case, yes, I can't do it."
He said, "I'm sick," and he turned straight with the point of the straw, "Saki." Eliminate the aftermath of early ha and smoke, and draw a picture of Guren on the floating fat Kira. While looking at that person,
"That ... Kotsupabune is moving to Chiyan and nature alone ... I know the land" Tochi ". Then, the boatman of the heron "Sendo" and the nickname "Adana". "Ko" Gubeigane. "
"It doesn't matter if the row is a heron or a black kite. The row is a human being. . "
Extra things were thrown, and the tone was terrible.
"No, you, Meesama, the castle tower, Tenshiyu."
"Koi" secretly,
"... If the devil's person is a work, the same" heron "is rowed, and that" boat "is Let the light shine and fly in the fluffy clouds.
...... Taka / "\ Only for the work of human beings, use the boatman with wings," Tsuka ", and" Mizu "of water. Float above the top and go. Nothing is rare. It's not the case. That ship is a boat. I will make it into a comforting ship. "
"Well, I'm going to go to Koshira, and I'm saying that it's nothing in the demon". "
"Don't let me do whatever you want. The tengu-sama, who is wearing a turnip, is warm. It's okay to do it. It's a lie. I think it's a lie. If you don't get bored, it's four days, five days, someday, and I'm a hut. Come to "ya" and face each other "Sashimuka" Hiniza "Suha" is messed up, and it is the same "Same" ship "Fune" The Lord Nushi will look at the sword in front of his eyes. "
I swallowed the reply "Henji", but the breath of that "Iki" was still gasping.
"What do you do to make it?"
"What do you want to do to make it? ... It's not like you're talking about" Chiyotsu "Kura-hand imitation. In addition, I will know the institution "Karakuri". "
"Institution" Karakuri "?"
"It's a dangerous institution, Karakuri, and it doesn't become a small child's toy, but it doesn't become a parent. It's the secret of "Oyayuzu", "Hatsu is Tsu,"
I forgot about Ukiyo and laughed.
"Wait, say" Hiden ", the secret of the parental" Oyayuzu ".
He said, "I" and "Kata" were sako, but the tone of his voice was "quite" and quiet.
"No matter what, the secret method of the family biography, Hihafu, can be attached to the stubborn body ... Grandfather, Onjii. I'll send what I've done from my generation to see and imitate. "
"That" it ", or the third generation" Sandai "ship carpenter" Funadaiku "?"
I heard a young man, Wakamono, who was a little calm and calm.
[# 5 indentation] [# headline] Yukie "Yukie", Kikumatsu "Kikumatsu" [# end of headline]
[# 9 indentation] Seven [# "Seven" is the middle heading]
"What's that, you're a mess, you're a sword, you're a vine, and you're a vine. Jiya. Cut out a tree and let it flow to the vine river. If you do it, it will flow. The wisteria vine "Fujizuru" is edited by "A", and the ship carpenter "Funadaiku" is not necessary. "Murazatomachi" festival "Matsuri" flower cart doll "Dashi Ningiyau". Yakushi is also sold. The lion head, Enma-sama, and the neck of the sister, Anesama, are the faces of the Tengu. Men, the face of the sitting head, the basket, the white powder, the white powder, and the red paint, the blue paint, are also vines.
That kind of thing, the persimmons of the sweet-dried "Amaboshi" were seen, and they were hung from the eaves and sold. Suison, Yamanuki, Yamanuke, Kobiki since the Meiji Restoration, Kusa on the castle toes, and Lumberjack on the moat. The road is changed to the place where the village and the village are gone, and the traveler is also passing by. In addition to Toho, I also used Kobiki, a woodcutter, and Kikori, who became a family business from the roots. Lumberjack. When he has a contract at a hot spring resort, he also imitates a poor carpenter. On a quiet day, he scoops a loach and lives, but his grandfather, Onjiidon, is a feudal lord in Hanjiya. "Nosama" Saoku Goten "Okugoten", Hina-sama "Hinasama" also went to the loach "Kosa" ...
The grandfather of that "Onjiidon" is the figure of Yamabushi "Yamabushi", and the trainee of "Tabi" who traveled "Tabi" is the god of land. I took care of my illness beside my side, and took care of the dead water, and made me feel like I was a trainer of that. I will learn from Yuge Fujiya.
Rokurokubi, a sliding window that pops out of the castle, and Mikoshi-nyudou opens his eyes and eyes. The face of my sister "Anesama" is "Smiley" lol "Straw" Fuda, --- Kirishitan Soumon "Kirishitan Shiumon", using the magic "Mahafu" He said that he was killed in the castle, and that he was killed in the castle. 》 Fu.
At first, I saw a mysterious institution, Karakuri, in front of the feudal lord, Gozen, and called me to the castle. At that time, it was the boatman of the fifth-ranked heron, Gosagi, who went to Kosa.
It was Yahari 《after all》 this moat 《Hori》 that floated the ship 《Fune》. "
First of all, the old man's finger "Yubi" who pointed to the sky "Sora" with the water "Mizu" Is relative to the peak of one, Ahimuka, and is high in the haze, and is lined up with the ridge of the castle tower. I got it.
"This is the triple moat of that", and it is peeled off at the back of the "maru" of the two "ni". The samurai of Kamishimo, Samurai Higata, and the furisode of Furisode, Koshimoto Shiyu, are connected to each other. Buttsu >> Jiya.
"Townsman Chiyaunin, what do you do with this boat? 』\
I'm sorry for your will. The fifth-ranked heron, which was set up on the side of Miyoshi, stretched its wings on its sails and steered its beak. Instead of squeezing the manpower, he passes the water over the water. 』\
I said, "I'm sorry." …… But Yui 《Tae》 Inserted 《Sashio》 The heron 《Sagi》 opened the wings 《Tsubasa》, and there was one person 《Human》. With the weight of "Omomi", you can row out of nature "Onozu". ...... The one "Itai" is a work of "Tansei" basket "Ko", which is a pseudo "mystery" to the Yusanbune of the heavenly world "Tenji Yakai". 》, From the inside of the funny eyebrows to the heavenly heavenly heavenly ship ※ [# “Moon” instead of “word” of “藹”, 3rd level 1 -91-26] "Jiyaurau" On the other hand, "One person" and hope "Nozomi".
At that time, "Tauji" and "Tobutori" also fell, and he said that he would fall. It was burned out by the concubine that the Lord Nushi saw. ――The concubine of that "so" is said to be the wife of the grandfather "Onji Idon", and it is also said that he was familiar with it. Even if it's "familiar", it's a rumor "Uhasa".
At the place, when the lace aloe burned to Ayanishiki, the grandfather's grandfather raised his hand and raised his hand.
"Dive in, help". 』\
However, the concubine wasn't in a hurry, and when he pulled out the pearl sword, he pulled out the sword. I thought that I had thrown into the water from "Suichiu" and then "Satsu" and "Kami" hair, and "Saba". ...... During the torso, it slumps to "ma" and moves.
I jumped in naked, and I was close to the samurai, Samurai, and the boat. I can't get my hands out with the flames. Gradually, the time when the boat was pulled and turned back, it sank in the scarlet carp. It's a boat. ――This is what you, "Meesama", and your grandfather "Onjiidon" returned to your house, and you have a lot of things.
There was no surplus in the house, no one was safe, and no one was safe. However, mysteriously, only I was saved.
After the change of the Gojisei, I found it at the bottom of the old Katsura basket. Grandfather's "Onjiidon" devised "Kufu" drawing "Ezumen", spending time "Hima" to see "Ya", I "Washi" first I got on it, but as I expected, it burned out, so I murdered it, and ... , I went into the water, swam, and went away.
For troubles, I used my ingenuity from my stomach to pull out my hands. And, the fifth-ranked heron "Gosagi" does not move. In the middle of the moat, burn in the middle of the moat, and at the point where it starts to burn, in the direction of Gatsuten, you can ride on the sword many times. Let's go ahead. At that point, I knew what was at the foot of the mountain, and I knew that I was the boatman of the heron, and there was no sword. It's a heron. "
Then, he twists the cigarette-filled cigarette on his waist and pulls it out.
Hearing things closed their eyes and made them ecstatic.
[# 9 indentation] Eight [# "eight" is the middle heading]
"The place is heard."
Then, I blow a spatter / \ and smoke. A dense cigarette that wraps the castle tower with a distant haze on a nearby cigarette, and a shadow of a dense Kodachi. Is transparent.
"When the village of Dan / \ gradually retreats, and the castle tower becomes lonely, it becomes lonely, and it becomes suspicious. There are a lot of things going on, and that ship is also a demon, and when it's burned, it's now. "Meesama" is suspicious, and "Utaga" is a sequel.
I thought that I was going to be a bait, but there was an eerie "Bukimi", and some "something" was a devilish person "Human". I made a mistake in the decoy, and I made a mistake. A crow stays at the end of a raft that flows through the river, and the raft stays there. Raft.
No one came and got on board, so for a long time, Ahida, rain exposure, Amazarashi. Both the boatman and the boat were bored, and this was Hariahi, and I was also a mobile game. You can go to "Kosa".
Husband "Danna", 嘸 "Sazo" You "Meesama" Surprise "Bikkuri" I'd like to say, but in the previous "Nude" ship "Fune" and one place "When" , White naked skeleton "Human" Sayaki "Ya" When I saw "Time", do it, 50 years 100 years "Goji Funen Hiyakunen" In the world, I wondered if the same thing in the world would have the same thing again, and the soul would disappear. I can't be mistaken for "Kirishitan" because of the "thank you" for the "Gojisetsu", but I can't see it. Place << place >> Jiya. That was a living woman, and I didn't have to slash Jiyoung ...
However, you, "Meesama", will also be "again", and you will be able to say "when" and "reason". "
Then, set up a chin in the middle of the split knee, and ripen it with a smoke tube. Knee. ...... In front of the old man "Mahe", only six shaku "Rokushiyaku", and the grass "Kusa" is separated, and the young man "Wakamono" supports his knees. He went down and lowered his hand. If you look at this figure from the castle tower, it will look like a bug.
"I'm sorry. I'm sorry. The old man" Goraujin "and your" you "are the great teachers" Daisensei ". I'm sorry, but I'm Yukie Kamura, and I'm afraid I've gone astray, but Yahari's tree It is the one of the family business "Kagefu" that changes the shape of the thing into a sword by carving it. "
"This is"
The same as above, the palms of the twins attached to the grass are raised and lowered, and the buttocks are rubbed. about,
"My husband," Hate, you, "Meesama," what "what", "what", what "do", what "do", what "do", "ki", calm down. Let's have a good time. "
"No, what's wrong, I'm rude, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry. What is "Do"? ..... Dream "Yume", current "Utsu", myself "Jibun" or someone else "Tanin", just like "discrimination" There is no such thing as "to the side" -the story from the previous "Satsuki", "Hana", and the "things" that were done, but that "there" is just "Ta". Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha I don't know if it can be exceeded, but for that reason, please ask me. Your name is this ear. If you enter "Mie", I will be the only one who is "I", and I will accept "Reuken". Yukie Kamura "Kamura Yukie" It's "I". The teacher "Sensei", the true individual "Matsutaku" is said to be tough "Yukihe", and it is the name of the samurai "Samurahi" of the old days. However, the young man who wrote that "it" as the branch of the snow "yuki" and made it the issue "gau". is."
"Eh / \, I'm in trouble, this is. If you say the name" na ", it's a word, but if it's a break, it's a face. "
And stroke the skylight "Atama", pull out the headband "Hachimaki", and take it.
"Hey, I don't like the little ones and the old ones, and the people in the village," Shiyu, "laugh, but I'm eight years old. It's a crazy child, hey, Kikumatsu, I'm gonna say it. "
"Mr. Kikumatsu" Kikumatsu Sensei ", your" you "does not live in the ordinary person" Bonjin "."
"Please forgive me and give me a mortise. I don't even have a mortise and tenon response. I don't know how to do it ... I, my teacher." It's the first time that the navel is cut off. "
"No matter what, I'm humble, and I can't say anything about it. I'm a big teacher, you're nothing, and I don't know what. Then, the fifth-ranked heron of him will be engraved. That ship will move. In order to prevent people from knowing the secret of the world, let the fire of the heavens burn and see the ship. It's a secret. "
"I'm imitating your grandfather's grandfather, and I'm not free. I'm not. I'm wrong. If you want to say "Machiga", "Sensei", "Sensei", "Master", "I", then call your grandfather "Onjiidon". . "
"It's the same thing, if the descendant of the daimyo Daimiyau is the Kazoku, the descendant of the famous family Meika is also the teacher. It's a Sensei. In particular, I have to make a statement.
It was you, or Aruhi, that I was able to do the work of this "now" now. It is okay to say that Azuka was entrusted to the scented pottery of his grandfather, Jiisama. ”……
[# 5 indentation] [# headline] Gigeiten "Gigeiten" [# end of headline]
[# 9 indentation] Nine [# "nine" is a middle heading]
"My father was a clerk of a certain prefecture, Shiyokikuwan."
Yukie put her hand in her helmet.
"There is a thing that I have been touring the land of this place for a year, and I am seven years old. At that time, it was "time". It wasn't "ma", but at that time, "koro" wasn't the hot spring of "now" now. "
"The opening of the hot springs was opened in the near future, and it was about the time when it was about to be removed. The loneliness is the residence, the residence of the castle, the residence of the castle, and the rest of the shape of the town. At that time, there was no hot spring in Koro.
The earthquake was a big push, and the only thing left behind was the castle tower. Both humans and houses are pushed down, and the moat is half filled with horses. In the winter "Fuyu" thing, the precursor of that "Zenteu", the eight shakuhachi "Hatsushiyakuyo", and the snow "Yuki" that was piled up overnight. It melted into "Hitoban" and disappeared with "Bishiya / \". That pine is said to be blue, and the heavens and the earth are red and black, and they are lively. The kimono and the lively thing swims on the mud.
With the sound of that "so", hot water "netsuta" was gushing out to the place of "now" now. Jiyagasa, killing the Tendou people. Only life is saved, but food, drink, and drink are also separated, and where is the hot spring? It came in the shape of an auntie, and it became a shape. The Kahari of that, the high of the rumor from the old "Uhasa", and this side of the castle tower "Tenshiyu" are donated by people. It has become a terrific place that is not terrible. Look, the sun is coming out now, but even if you can see it, you can see the ruins of the castle over the moat edge. In addition to "Esama" and us "Washira", there is also a shadow "Kage" that seems to be a human "Ningen". By chance, the ones that stood up and walked were the good ones of the sex, the stray fox, or the wildcat.
To such a place, what was the Lord Nushi, and what was the doll of my sister, Anesama? .. "
"Let's talk about it in order,"
And Yukie once opened the "Once" block "Tsubasa" Idame "Me" with the 茫乎 "Bau", and opened it.
"My father, Chi, patrolled this place, and the section where he was patrolling, where, where, and where the mountain was, Yamakage's small Chihi Sanado. I had a rare statue of a woman with only 20 beautiful sisters in her father. In order to make him a toy, he sent Kaneko to the guardian, and gave it to his sister, and returned to Kahe. There was no sister "Kiyaudai" in "Others", and my sister "Ane" was able to do "one person", and as soon as she was able to do it, she had a negative "father" and a hug. I'm the year of the seven-year-old "Natsu", saying that "Ohoki" statue "Zau", when eating "meshi", "when", sitting on the average "nara". From the "Keshibauzu" of the "I", you can see the "Mage" of Shimada "Sister" with a hanging hair "Kami" on the top of the "Uhe". The clothes "kimono" are pure white, and the collar of Mizuasagi is heavy, and the cuffs and sisters are sewn. , Yahari's white, white, and everlasting summer's flowers, Hana, are scattered, making it look like a long-sister sculpture. ... I didn't wear it from the top. I did a coloring on the wood carving "Kibori", but the mysterious thing is that. The white innocence of "So", no matter how much it is placed, "dust" does not collect, and insects "mushi" are also 蠅. Also, I have never had a collection of "sisters". When I embraced the flower garden "Hanabatake" and went out, it was a beautiful butterfly. Fu / \ came to the band and stayed at Toma, and the most mysterious thing was the statue engraved on the statue. The knuckle is the knee, soft, and sitting on the knee.
Both sleeves are swayed from Riyauhau, and around the milk, both hands are placed on the upper and lower sides. The sleeve was fluffy, and there was something in the middle, yes, and then ...
When I caught "Tsuka" with "My sister", "When" mystery, when my shoulder "swayed", Kororin, Kororin and that "it" became real. …… No matter what, a subtle sound is made, and it makes a ghostly sound. I said what I was doing, what I was doing, but I had to fold my finger and fold my finger. Of course, "Of course", "A", "A", "Mi", "Mizu", "Jimahi".
Finally / \ That statue-what is it-even if my father smoked and burned it in the fireplace stove. Waka》 It was a sculpture.
Chira / \ It was the evening when the snow fell. ...... I am a group meal of children, and I don't want it. His parents, Riya Ushin, faced Takuko, and ate a dinner with Sashimuka, and he was eating. There, I entered the statue with a negative statue, but I tried to open the door of the Western-style room, Seiyauma.
"Hey, my sister," he turned up and looked down from the top, and looked down. At the time of twilight, when the door of "Twilight" was "Open", the length of "Naga" was "Kiha", and the hair of "Mura / \" and "Bin" was "Ke" at that time. I thought about the battle. The fluffy eyes were under the eyebrows, and the eyelashes were blackened for a moment. ...... "
While looking at it, I opened the door, and put the hem on the back of the child's back. The length of the statue that was in the territory was anti-take, and the mage was seen in the high place of the attic. Saw.
The white legs of her mother, Haoya, who turned the tip of her short shoes, "Hangutsu", turned away from her, and the white legs of her mother, "Ashi", were hung on a table. During Utan, he moved with Ahida. Outside the window "Mado", the snow "Yuki" strokes the light "Hikari" of that "So", and the sound "Oto" makes it. There is a moon, and there is a treetop of the planted sea urchin / \ black. With a fiercely burning fireplace "Danro", a red "red" face "Kaho", a sword "knife", and a "mo" tsutama sword cane "Agozue" The face of his father, Chie, who turned to this side when he was on his back, turned into a deep blue.
[# 9 indentation] Ten [# "10" is the middle heading]
"It was the second floor of that house, which had a house in Surugadai, Tokyo."
Say, and look at the left and right, and hit the field, the moat, and the grass. There was an old man who was leaning and leaning. That "it" ... Yukie was surely a "main" face.
"My father, Chichi, was standing with a sword ...
"Ore! I came with / \. When I had one body and a torso, I fell down from my shoulders and turned upside down. 》 Has fallen. The throat is not yet hung on this knives, the bridge is formed, and the floor is hung on the floor. Did you slash the white throat on your back with a knife, or did you stab it?
When I said "Kiyatsu," I jumped out like a gunball, but I had a frame on the wall of the corridor. I hit "Hitahi" and fell down. ...... I'm also attracted to my weak mother, Ha, and I'm done.
As for the mother, the father, Chi, frustrated the body of the wooden statue of Mokuzau, and the fireplace was fragile again. Suddenly, I saw that I was smashed into the fireplace from my head, and I saw it, but I saw it. When the lips and eyes were worn on the lips, the internal organs were completely engraved. It's as if you're looking at something raw, and the intestines are long, and the blue fire is fainting. So, I later said that I was fainted by the fact that I was too much.
Until my father died after a year, Ichigon was a word about that time. There is no word in anything. The most "mochito" is also for the time being "tauza" February "futatsuki" is just a basket in one room "hitoma", and anyone can talk to "sauce" Instead of taking advantage of it, I'm thinking about it, but I don't have any details.
However, from that time, my parents, Riyaushin, made me a man. Until that, all three children who were able to do it weren't able to grow up, so I made myself a woman. I had a female. The name "na" is also called Yukie, and it's like a woman.
It was a child who changed the name of that name to "Gau" and started doing such a family business "Kagefu" now. From the time of "children", the image of that "zau" is separated from the eyes, the mind, the body, and the body. It's because it wasn't.
I went to such a remote hot spring, but I couldn't forget the fact that I couldn't forget it. It's me. I don't know where it is, but the wooden statue of that "Mokuzau" is returned by my father "Chie" from this land "Tochi". Isn't it a good idea to say that it was a tree?
The mountain, the valley, the field, the water, and the water, I believe that there is my master, Shiyau. "Wa". As a result, I saw you. ――That, white innocence, Tokonatsu's long undershirt, Asagi's collar, Shimada's yuban, and both. The person who carved the statue of the beautiful Bijin of the incredible "Zetsuse" who kept the secret "secret" in the hand of "Riyau" , Isn't it possible for your grandfather, Grandpa, to be your grandfather? "
Yukie looked at the ripeness and the opposite hand, Ahite.
"Well, I don't know if you're", I don't know if you're "you". It's a wish for "when". "
"Young, my husband, my grandfather, my grandfather, I know what I'm talking about, and I'm not sure what to say. I don't know if I'm doing a mischievous mischief. I'm early, lion nose, acorn, and miki sake bottle. If you use the mouth of "Omikidozukuri", you can imitate it, but Benten-sama is defeated by your hand. 》 Is a measure 《O》 Katsushiya. Jiya, but you 《Meesama》 is a mountain 《Yama》 is a teacher 《Sensei》, and water 《Mizu》 is a master 《I》 In the case of "Ahi", we "Ki" and "Tenji Yakai" in the heavenly world "Tokiya", far from "Haru /" \ "... ... Isn't it even the mountain house of Hida "Hida"? "
Katsukuba Hi, both arms are placed on the knees, and Azu is squeezed out with a smoke tube. 》 Is a sword-like state of the head of the beak, the long sagi, and the head of the sagi.
Yukie hesitated for a while.
"Temporarily call me a teacher, I'm going to you, and I can't tell a lie to you. I want to see it by all means. Before I wasn't able to live, Yukie's body is the promise of my wife, Yakusoku. There is a lie in this land of Tochi. A wish that the believer Shinjiya makes a courtesy to Zenkoji and Minobu. "Negahi" was-then, "this time", and "when", the faith "shinka" became dull, and Yuyama "Yu-san" was formed. It was.
That << it >> was evil << bad >> ...
I came with my wife "Kai" and two people "Futarizure", but I'm sorry that "Shika" has just done a wedding ceremony. "
The body of the couple who left the house after getting on the train "Kishiya" as soon as they paid the sake cup "Sakazuki" is a human being. There is no distinction between humans and butterflies. It is said that it has come far from "Haru /" \ ", and it has nothing to do with anything, and the extreme" rules "are bad. The soul "Tamashihi" is also a picture frame / \, and dances "Uhe" on the flowers "Hana" of the sixty-odd states "Rokuji Fuyoshi" and "Na". Even if I'm tired, I'm not exhausted. I'm fine. If I've come to this place over night and day, I'm still / \ work. There is an excuse for "Temahe" in front of "Work", "Yama" for "Yama", and "Mizu" for water. Go to Chi for three nights, stay at Toma, stay at Toma, and go to Michikusa. Is white, and the hot springs of "place /" \ are colored with the appearance of the bride "Yome", and the front, back, left and right are "zengosa". The shape of the frame, which is shaped like a gakubuchi, is attached to the sword, and the wood is carved into the sword. Reuken ridicules himself as a sculptor from his own "Izu".
[# 9 indentation] 11 [# "11" is the middle heading]
The ones that have forgotten both the ax and the chisel are the Kiso, the Usui, the floor of the sensation, and the journey. There is no discrimination in the house, and there is nothing to do with it. What is this mountain and valley, and the sacred art? The heavens of "Gigei" and the land of art "Geijiyutsu" are thought to be "main".
It's the inside of the mine that comes and sees, the mine is sealed in the clouds, the valley is sealed in the haze, and the chief is sealed in the tokosiheni. Those who are thirsty for themselves, the god of the art "Geiji Yutsu", "Katsuga", are the wings of the eagle "Tsubasa" of the devotion "Shiya Ujin". If you don't get on the "Soma" Yamabushi "Yamabushi", you can't "divide" it. The sound of the ax is in the flow, the sound of the chisel is in the leaves of the tree, and the sound of the chisel is in the white leaves. Hori, red sparrow, Suume, color the village of Sato at the foot of the mountain, and the inside of Tsujidau, Uchi, is covered with haze. The person who was in love with the carving of the flower, Hana, and even the soul, was the one who was in love. Come to one place with "Nana", "Mine" carves a day "hi" in the cloud "cloud", and water "mizu" is a valley. Even if you look at the large sculpture with the moon on it, the woman inserts it. The day after I stayed at the hot spring inn "Nonsenyado" without wearing my eyes, I used to say "Original" than anything else. In the previous "Saki", there is no Shika / "\ Hall", or there is a "Daumori" that seems to be that "Daumori", and my father "Chie" used to say "Izen". Search for the heart of the "Mokuzau" trace of the mysterious wooden statue "Mokuzau" that was brought back to "Mochika". I'll forget about it until I can't help it, and I'll call the owner of the hot spring inn, Teshiyu. Then, the first thing I asked was the thing about Sorokutani, which was handed down to the world.
"Old man". "
Yukie said, "Satan".
If you go back to the Keiriu in the town of Ideyu, you will find Sugoroku Valley, which is called Sugoroku. It is said that there is a large stone of Ichiza, a natural "Tennen", and a sugoroku eye "me". I was asked if it was a fact.
The owner, "Teshiyu," responded to "Kota," and no matter how "Ika," the rumor was "Uhasa," in the vicinity of this "Hen," the dawn of spring. Like Akebono, it's blue / \ and haze, it's smooth, it's a rock solid, and it's purple with mauve. The line "Suji" should be "Sumbun" different, and "Sugoroku"'s eyes should be "Me".
"Chiyau", but I think "Guahi" is the work of the first "Ma" and "So". I put my palm on the tatami mat and put my finger on it to see it.
At that time, the futon, which was sitting at that time, was a futon with a blue-colored smile, and it was dark purple. Since the stripes of "Murasaki" were on the surface, "Adaka" was already facing "Sashimuka", which was the same as "Banjiyaku". The couple had a feeling that they were sick, and the couple had a face and a face, and they had a smile on their faces.
…… and Yukie said, “I”.
However, that "it" was not the joy of learning the subtle "imiji" production of the god's ax "no". I heard that the fruit of that "so", the sound of "goto" flow "flow" such as arrow screaming "yasakebi", and the secret word "sayaki" of spring rain "harusame". The warmth of the smoke of the hot springs, the hot springs, the warmth of the hot springs, the mountainous country, the haze of the purple, and the haze of the haze. Seeing "Naya" as a pond full of violets, "Ike", the story of the sleeping story of "Bran", which is the skirt of "Enwau"-master-slave " I hear that "Shiyujiu" is the third generation "Sanze", the parent and child "Oyako" is the first generation "When", and the couple "Fufu" is the second generation "Fake" contract.
"I wonder if all the future" Mirai "will be accompanied by" So ". The bride said "things" without love.
The second generation "fake" was foolish or the third generation "sanze", and even the "main" fuyukie "yukie" had the words "words" and the words "let's go".
"What" is there a mystery of the second generation, "Tamashihi" is not destroyed, but "Fufu" is separated if it is not dead. 』\
When I strayed, I asked for a 褄 "Tsuma", and while I was "Hikia", I started up again "Okinaho"
"I'm not good at this world." 』\
Tsundere.
"Then, let's make a bet with the two of us, the first generation, the second generation, or the bet. 』\
The presence or absence of the spider future Mirai is used as a gambling game. In the sumo wrestler's neck, the neck, and the mystery, the sacredness of the sumo wrestler is damaged. If you ask, there is a natural Sugoroku board in the mountains of Ko. Surround the station "Kiko" with the "Senkiyau" of that "So".
Then, with the victory or defeat of that "So" as a memorial "Kinen", the first "Hitoma", this time "Mitsuzuki"'s honeymoon trip "Tabi" will be cut off. 》 Let's go. However, the Sugoroku board is not known even if it is the legend of the land "Tochi". In fact, if it's "Jitsusai", it's a miracle, so just in case "Nen", the day after that "Frequently", the owner of "Riyoten" travel shop "Aruji" I heard that ... Aoishi of the case "Aoi" and a light purple "Usumurasaki" line "Yes", and two "Ataka" It was said that he was in the troupe of the troupe, which was laid down by the sword.
"Would you like to hire a guide, Annaya?" 』\
The owner, Teshiyu, had a complexion that wasn't flying, and it made sense to look at the two of them.
[# 9 indentation] Twelve [# "Twelve" is the middle heading]
Sugoroku is definitely in. To the late "Yu" of the miracle "Kiseki" of the Tenkou "Tenko", to "Sugoroku" and Sugoroku Valley "Sugoroku" and to "Tona" there. The hot springs also bear the name of Sugoroku in response to the hearing of the world, but they also pursue the valley. There is no one who has seen the rock solid "Banjiyaku" since long ago. ――While saying "Meishiyo", which is a famous place of land "Tochi", while "having" inside / \, the guide "Annaya" is connected and stepped on "Fumiko". Not a playground "Yusamba". There is no doubt about the Sugoroku board, but there is no doubt about it, but there is a sword in the moon, and a rabbit in the moon. The same "woman" as "there", and the owner "teishu" used the word "kata".
The thing of the land is the sky of you, and the sky is seen, and the white clouds are on the valley. "Hakuun", "Yukika", purple-green "Murasaki Midori", "Hikage", "So", Moonlight "Tsukiakari", "Ki", ​​and "Ki". Also, I sometimes see the rising mist of the mist, which is pink, and sometimes I hope. A pearl, a golden kogane, or a precious treasure in the world is hidden, and a group of ki is uneven. While admiring, there is no message of the leaves of the tree in the wind, and I also know the way to divide the maple. No ... Ataka also shines as a gorgeous Sanran, and even if you point to the star of the heavenly Tenjiya, you can use your hand. There is no difference in that it cannot be taken by the te.
Yui, a mountain depth, a lumberjack, a lumberjack, and a rabbit, or I, a logging tree, Kodama. Playing a mysterious instrument called "Gakuki", which is not like "Aya", "Yuka" and "Ka", and "Kasuka", Kororin, Kara / \, and so on. At that time, the branches of the forest, Eda, are one, one, one, one, and one golden, Kogane. The line of white silver "Ito" is formed, and the sound of that "Ne" is transmitted. The genie "Majin" is facing "Mukahia", and the sound "Hiki" is thrown. The first "Daiichi" is a hidden place, "Chika" is difficult to reach, and "Mashiyo" is a devil's place. Was the word.
The two of them believe that they are in the same world as they hear, and the bet of Sugoroku is Ya. Even if "No" is above, "I'm glad" that the meaning "Imi" has become deeper, "I'm glad" ... Of course, "Of course", Tani " I'm afraid that I'm hesitant to get into the "Tani" and hesitate, or I'm afraid. There was no "Isa".
And Yukie continued to say "Tsu".
"I was driven by my curiosity on top of that. I bought a straw shoe," he said. Although I thought about it, he was able to do it in the evening, so I strengthened the owner of the inn, Aruji, and on the way, Tochiyu. I decided to put on the guide "Annaya" until "I", and on that day "Hi" dinner "Banmeshi" was finished. "
To Sugoroku Valley, he said "Good luck" in the early morning of the next morning, "Ikigumi", and tonight, "Konya" was also a second generation. I don't think it's true, but I think it's just a sugoroku. Even if you do a nightly smoke, it's too early, and after taking a bath, you can take a bath, and after that, you can hang out with two people. Then, I went out to the mountain road "Yamamichi" and saw "Chiyau" ... The fox "Kitsune" hole "Ana" has a light "Akari". , The monkey's shop "Mise" has a light "light" point "Jibun", something "something" is light and cold, and so on. The haze of "there" is also shot by the shadow of the snow of Toyama, and the smoke of the supper "Yufuge" is lonely. It falls into the rust valley. In addition to the straw shop "Waraya" of 56 houses "Gorokuken", the small shop "Komise" of Asama "Asama" Kakekoya "Kakekoya" was opened in the middle "Naka". As soon as he did business from the hole, there was one old lady who was able to see through the outside of the door. At that store, "Mise", the skin of the beast "Kahada", the lion head "Shigashira", the fox "Kitsune", the monkey "Saru", the face "Men", and the Prajna "Han". The face of Niya, the neck of the two-barreled monkey, and the neck of Zato, no, it goes around the white eyes. It's peeled off, and it's cracked. It's a shape that looks like it's on the wall with a crack in it. It wasn't a bad thing. It seems that there is someone who goes to the sword, and sells it directly. On top of the straw mat, "Uhe" is full of indigo paint "Anogu" and red husks "Benigara". There was also a fluffy powder on the surface of the frost. In addition to that, there are various types of square work. ......
"Hatsu is Tsu, Grandma is at home," said the old man, who suddenly laughed at him and laughed at him.
"Isn't it a good idea to drink tea?"
Yukie 《Yukie》 was unpredictable, 《Koroz》, and changed the tone 《Teushi》.
"Ah, what is the store" Mise "of your acquaintance" Chikazuki "?"
"Once upon a time, I'll peel it off with the love of the old days. Even with him, there is also a thing about you, the doll, and the new doll. The time when the doll "Anesama" is greedy "Jibun" Jiya. The place where the monkey "Beard" was stroked with the sword of the Nambo mountain bird "Yamadori". By the way, on the branch of the tree "Eda", use a saw "Saw" to make a "Tsuka" Hi / \, a monkey "Saru"'s leg "Ashi", and a "Nara" beard. Seen from the bottom, it's not good to see it. At that point, there's a doll, a beard, a beard, and a good mood. If you take it with you to Koshira, you will be able to get rid of it with a beard, and you will be fascinated by it without any love. Haha, at the beginning, "Uchi" is a doll that is inserted into the door, and it is displayed on the "Kaza". It's terrifying, it eats a man and hides a bone, and the one in the village is a monkey. As a demon of the lonely house "Ichiya", the monkey "Tanukibaa" became me "I" with the old "original" color scheme. As for the extortion, I'm going to use the money as a beard now, but my husband, what I bought, I bought a lot, and I cut it straight. "Negi" is possible if you do it. "
[# 5 indentation] [# headline] 采 《sai》 [# end of headline]
[# 9 indentation] 13 [# "13" is the middle heading]
"Oh, the old man, Ojii-san, has a lot of different things."
And Yukie said that her eyes were awake and her complexion was sick.
"Did you make both the face and the head into the production? ... Ah, no, look at the trick of the heron. It's a minute because it's seen. What kind of splendid things are, such as the lion's head that shook the eaves and the fox's face, and the fox's face? I don't know if it's a "Ritsupa" thing, but if I'm aware of it, I'm sure it's a fox. -Whether the opponent "Ahite" is a demon "Oni" or a demon "Ma", you can see the idiot that can take away your own wife "Nyobau". There is no such thing.
Excuse me, but don't keep an eye on such things,
"Isn't there anything?" 』\
"Mr. Grandma, isn't there a sword? 』\
I also heard the woman who accompanied me. ”……
Sugoroku Iwao shook it with Sugoroku, and if you think about it carefully, it was a dream come true.
"Ichiroku, Sango, Sango," Yes, I'm sorry. When you open the old drawer of the medicine chest, which is pressed against the wall of the corner, "Otsu", and "Kusuridansu", The shit of the mouse is overflowing. From the inside of that, take out the tatami paper, and shake it with your hands and hands, and in front of the eaves. I brought it to Akarisaki.
"I went to Kosa with the fangs of the wild boar, and I'm sorry for the fact that it's really good. ”, And while“ smiling / \ ”, the place where the palm“ palm ”was turned upside down and placed“ place ”was taken by two people, one by one. "To".
The sword was seen like a pearl. It was beautiful and polished, but it was just transparent, and it was possible to do it. However, in the snow, there was a shadow in the snow, and there were a series of mountains, "Yama / \", and "Mine", which was Hide. At the end of the deep valley, I suddenly saw it.
"Isn't it cute?" 』\
The woman who accompanied her was picked a little bit, but she put it on her palm and put it back on her.
"Mr. 媼", "main", "me" will come out. And put the right hand of Migi on the chest with the lid, and try it with the roller / \ and shake.
From his back, he hugged him, and then he held it to Zuru / \ and far away. At that time, Yukie came up with the thing about that time.
"At that time, when I say that, my father, Chi, has it from the shrine of Tochi, the land of this place. It is a wooden statue that holds a secret in its palm. "
"Oh," nods, and the old man moves his shoulders with his arms folded.
"Ah, that's right, the beautiful wood carving" Bijin "was pierced by his father's knife and burned in the fireplace" Stove ". At that time, until the time, the little "chitsu" and the secret "secret" of that "so" were revealed, and the subtle "deep" sound "ne" was the same. I don't know if it was the same as this one.
At that time, I thought that the appearance of my wife, who stood beside me, was a sword, and I imagined it. "Sauza" returned to "Old" long ago, and it was a mysterious thing, and the appearance of "Ura" with sleeves lined up. "Sugata" is separated from "Hana" and Haruka "Haru" Kana direction "Muka" Fuhe ... "
Yukie shook his hand in the word "kata".
"At that time, I thought about the thing at that time, and suddenly, the old man, Ojii-san, the word" I ", the body of you" "Body" also goes far away "Yu" ... Fura / \ and "Ahida" are separated. "...
Then, as the grandmother's shop "Mise", the body of the ura "Ura" is walking toward "Muka", and while looking at it. On the other hand, it goes to the climax of the mountain that separates the valley from the valley to the skirt of the mountain. In the back, in the movement, in the haze, in the middle, in the skirt, in the skirt / \ and in the evening breeze, Yufukaze. It becomes thin while it is navigating.
If the bell of Yufugure echoes to that area, the figure will return to Chika. Who said, "I" suddenly feels at ease with myself, and more and more "Masu / \" before "Original" thoughts "Dandruff" When you say "ゐ", you can burn the "hoda", burn the charcoal "sumi", or "tanima" in the valley, and "Kanata Konata", Hira / \, Hira / \ and pale white "Ajiro" flame "Honoho" was fried.
I was conscious of the fire of the fireplace "stove" that had burned the statue "mainly", and why "why" suddenly "kifu" The body of a woman is in danger.
"Ura". 』\
I called him, but he didn't reply.
"Ura, Ura. I said, but I didn't reply. Yukie's most awesome / \ started out, with that 《it》, two legs and three legs 《Futaashimiashi》, front and back, left and right 《Zengosai》 \ And line, come, come ...
In a hurry, it came to me.
If you can't see the first "Daichi" and the Ura "Ura", and the old woman "Ba" who was there, there is a store that seems to be "It". Nor.
No, this is suspicious. If there isn't only one person, I wonder what the woman is, but if the store and the grandmother are gone ... ... It seems that I was fascinated by myself because the front was struck by a sword.
"Hey, hey. 』\
While making a voice without wisdom, Yukie calls a person to the darkness, and Yukie runs around the mountain road. "Maha" was struck.
[# 9 indentation] 14 [# "14" is the middle heading]
"The darkness gradually becomes darker, the most ugly eyes are dazzling, and the wind blows out. The wind of this" In the daytime, the tree that rises from the gorge of the mountain, which is clear and clear, and the obstacles come from it. In the branches of "Eda", the rock angle "Ihakado", the valley "Tanihi", the white "white" cloud "spider" is torn off, and the bird "Tori" remains. I haven't seen it yet, but I wondered if there was any snow left behind ... I wondered if it was ... Cleavage >>
"Well ..., where are you going to go to, my husband?" 』\
Tosuta / \ A small run, he came and stayed behind him, and he hired him, Yamakase. There was a young young man.
"Go to the castle toes, and you can't do it. Even though the day was dead, there was no such thing as an address. ] And a little scolding.
The smoke rises, and the slope rises up to \ \. A straight line, Hitoshi, and then the smoke of that smoke, the skirt, falls down. In addition, I hung up to the place of Nozue, where Hiro was fluttering, and stayed there. "
Yukie stretches her chest and looks out of the bay where the cape Misaki protrudes. I looked at Hirono in the back of the back. ...... The cloud of Shinonome is separated from the field of that cloud, and it is thin, long, and vertical. Pull the thread of the blue sky "Aozora" to "Hi" and go up "Nobo" ... People and horses "There" If you go through, you can draw it with a hot sword, and the bird will also fly. Yane is wrapped in a forest, and the haze is still dark. On top of that, the cloud that pulls up the fruit of the field, and the cloud that pulls it up, also points to this one and comes to the tatami mat. In the meantime, the old man and the hollow hollow "Nakazora" are thicker. From the dark and dark back of that "so", a cloud of golden "koganeiro" and reddish "red" notes "smoke" springs out. "Wakida", the sun "Taiyau" went up to that place-as expected from the dead leaves of the shore "Migiha" 蘆 "Ashi". There was a faint light on it, and the horns of the buds were smoldering with smoke. This smoke crawls on the water like the moonlit night, and hangs on it. The burning of the ship "Fune" and the aftermath "Nagori" are disassembled "Waka" ... Yui "Tae" Haze "Kagerafu" is frequently disassembled to form "Shape" 》. --Soon, this "this" will be transmitted to the grass "Kusa" on one side of the field "Ichimen", and gradually it will open to the "gradual" and below the foot "at the foot". Let's go and go. ...... By the way, if the day is also hit, it will be in the mountains of the northern country, "Sanchiyu", but in the back door of "Hitozato", "Kakine". , The peach "Sakura" that the god "Kami" bloomed is reflected in the sky "Sora" where there is no "where". Still, early in the morning, on the castle tower, from the Uhe to the field, the shape of the wall insert was covered with clouds and vortices. In some places, the terrible vortex is rolled up, and the hail is also blown out, and the wind is the wind. It's not a moving movement. The four sides are lonely, and it's lonely ... It hits the peak, and it hits the top. The obstacles are swaying because of the mountains.
When the cloud moved, the shape of the two people became large. When it was supposed to be quiet, the appearance of the culverts, etc., was small. ――I don't know if the land Tochi will breathe around this area of ​​the mountain of Hida folds.
Yukie was on the grass when she stretched out, and her knees were supported by the grass.
"At that time, the time was coming, no matter what, the original Hara of this Ko was attached to the Muka. 》 It seems that it was warm.
"For the castle toes, it's not a good idea. The man who said "Toko" picked it up ... I "I" had a high figure of my wife "Kai". I lost sight of it at the end of the mountain, but no matter what, I didn't go up to the sky, but myself. It seems that "Bun" had fallen to the bottom of the valley. There, it was full of flaws, and gradually came out, and the place where it came out was the attachment of this. The direction is completely different from the place where I used to go for a walk with my husband and wife, "Sanpo". Uh, you know, the hot springs are on the left and right, and you can see the mountain on the left and right. It springs from the bottom of the dong to Hika.
So, the old lady's shop "Mise" has a slope in the south "Minami", and this castle ruin "Shiroato" is a mountain road in the north "Kita". It comes from Yamamichi.
The man of the land 《Tochi》 was asked about the situation 《Yausu》,
"Ah, I was fascinated ... I was fascinated. No, it's a raw face of a thin beard, and it doesn't depend on what the face is. 』\
He often laughed at his habit of squirming his face, and he laughed at him, which seems to be his specialty. In my heart, which blesses my wife's safety, I'm happy that I was fascinated by myself. I think it's a blessing, and I'm happy about it.
It is the gorgeous "gaugi" that fascinates the "grand", the guest of "toukiyau" in Tokyo. I hugged him and said that he had a mountain in the roof of the hot spring inn, "Yanegoshi", and one mountain, as if the direction was different. There is no such thing as a tactic that brought me to the place where I was. What is it, is there a famous fox in this area? 』\
And drunk, saying "things" that are unpleasant, and while being a chick, he was led by the man "toko" and turned back. "To Hikika".
"The fox" and the raccoon dog are not good enough, but the tengu-sama "tengu-sama" who is not in the castle tower, sometimes "time /" \ "mischief" I'll do it."
"What" Tengu ". 』\
In a hurry, I pulled a cloud and pulled it.
"Eh, don't give me a loud voice, Koe, I'll hear you," and a blue face, Kaho. The man of that, "Toko", can see the footsteps "Ashimoto" through the treetop "Kozue", and points to the shadow of the light "Tomoshibi". Yubisa >>. "
[# 5 indentation] [# headline] 谺 《Kodama》 [# end of headline]
[# 9 indentation] 15 [# "15" is the middle heading]
Then, I went to the teaching that "there" was a hot spring inn, and "the cliffs of the mountains" were cliffs, and the trees were "firewood". To the cliff, ... I'm carrying a backpack, and I'm wearing a firewood of a stretched miscellaneous tree, Zauki, with a body. Put it sideways, and then go in and go.
For a while, I was screaming / \ and staying there.
Suddenly, I was lonely and rusty, and I got drunk and wabi-sabi. Suddenly, I thought that I would rush down the light to the hotel, but I couldn't help but I couldn't remember the stone platform. There is a "stone", and the place where "it" is cut off "place" shoots an arrow "ya" that flows next to the inn "yado". It was a stone river. ――What surprised me was that the mountain ran through the middle of the two lids and the hot spring inn, and it flowed through the hot spring inn. When the river of "so" is crossed over to "when", and to the castle toes of this "ko", come to "hau". There is no sense of consciousness.
On the shore, step on the rock and go back, and attach the bridge. I went back to the inn "Yado"-this "this" was the previous "Satsuki" Watari "Wata", and the direction "Muka" Fuetsu "Goshi", the mountain road "Yamamichi" I went to Hau and went to the shop of that old lady, Mise, and found a bridge.
"Go home. 』\
From the corridor, "Quick Feet", there is one maid, "Kikae", and "Yukie", Yukie. I saw it and stopped.
"Goyutsuku", "Sama", and "Hidarigaha" on the left side, "Tatami", 50 tatami mats, "Gojifudefu", total "Idiot". Tsuhiro's "Piro" bookstore "Chiyauba", ... A large "Ohoki" furnace was cut in the middle "Manaka", and that "Jizaitome" was free-standing. , From the shadow of the carp that shook the caudal fin, the red and red face that was full of fertilizer came out. The owner, Teishiyu, says "I".
"The companion will come back. When I heard, Yukie was mistaken for that, and while believing in the fact that there was nothing wrong with it, what was it? 》 I was thrilled with my chest.
"My wife, Okugata-sama," what, what, and a little bit of "chiyoto". When I turned to the chin, the maid who was there, Jiyochiyu, said.
"Isn't there anything in your place?" 』\
Then, I rushed up the flutter / \ and the corridor to the second floor immediately.
For some reason, Yukie visits another person, Tanin, and comes to Haumon. Kamachigi stood in the wide open space of "Hirodoma".
From the mountain road "Yamamichi", a storm "storm" that seems to have come after "after" shook the fire pot / \ and fanned "satsu". When you blow into the donkey near the fire pot, the light becomes dark in the lie down, and the inside of the fire pot becomes bright. It burns. This is reflected in the box of the lanterns Chiyachin, which is lined up with the hoe on the wall, and the Kaori of the hot spring Ideyu. It was called "Pun".
Leaving the 56th dan "Gorokudan" floor child "Ladder", the maid "Jiyochiyu" goes to the high "Taka" place in the corridor "Kaho" And then
"I haven't played back yet. 』\
"Come down, come on, and tell me what you're doing, what's wrong, and it's rude. ], And the host, "Teshiyu," goes from the fireside "Robata" to the upper glare.
Yukie cuts through the letter "Ichimonji" in front of "So", and then rides up the floor "Ladder". 》, And the maid 《Jiyochiyuu》 and 《Passing》
"There is no such thing as Hazu. That's what you said, "Mahe," he said to the discipline.
"Or do you want to go out to the hot water? It's not easy to stay in the tatami room. 』And come to the sprint.
The maid 《Jiyochiyu》 said the skewer 《Jiya Udan》 rather than the solid 《Original》. There is no such thing as a living room, so when you look at the tatami mat, it seems that the rest is tidied up and swept away. The folding screen, which is made of finely sewn dots, has a large shadow on the floor, which is between the floors. Crawl to the corner, then go to the corner, and fold it into a tatami mat with a tatami mat. It's also lonely.
He said that he was in the middle of the eight tatami mats, where no one was there, and that he was similar to the Sugoroku. At a glance, there are two "Zabuton" troupes of "I" fu purple stripes "Murasakijima", and "Sashimukahi" sitting on the opposite side. When I saw it, I took a bath of water from the skylight, Atama, and made a sugoroku. Here, too, Satsu and Ichiran, a storm, and a follow-up from the corridor, Raka, come and blow through the tatami room, and the shutters. Make a rattling sound of "Amad".
I wondered if it was because of the fate that it was extremely fateful that it would be separated from the Ura, and that it wouldn't happen ...
"It's a bathroom, it's a bathroom, it's a bathroom. Come see me." 《Involuntarily enter the room 《Haya》, 《Raka》 in the corridor 《Backward》, grab the brazier 《Hibachi》, shook / \ and tremble 《 I went to "Furu" .... Old man "Ojii". "
Yukie said, holding her breast with one hand.
"The host, Teshiyu, came up.
"Well, I'm going to make an inquiry about Chiyoito. This "this" man will guide you to "Tochiyu" in the middle of "Miyaunichi" and Sugoroku Valley tomorrow. Now, let's put the Lord "Nushi" and the acquaintance "Chikazuki". ", And the mountain man" Yamatoko "who was in the shadow of the shoji" "Kage" had his face "Kaho" appear, and this "this" , Now, the young one who sent me to the place where I was, and the young one who sent me to that place. "Absent. "
[# 9 indentation] 16 [# "16" is the middle heading]
"When you're in a hurry, you can't live in the most out-of-the-way hearing. Taka, when he said that he was walking on a mountain road with a whip, he said that he was crazy, and everyone said shame to everyone. In "Uchi" ... the young "Waka" man "Toko" made a half "Hanbun" and made a point. "
Now, the owner, Teishiyu, and Ton, have no face. Although I was looking for it, I couldn't catch up with Yudo and Koyoba.
"Gonshichi" and the Lord "Nushi" are the first, and the grandmother "Grandma" runs to the store "Mise", and the husband "Dan-sama" immediately. I'm going to put out a person, so don't do it. The Lord Nushi will also work, come on, come on. "
At the time when the young ones are connected and the slapstick is pulled up, from the front of the room "Heya" to the floor child stage "Ladder" On top of the dan, hang on to the maid, and in addition to the maid, the person is different, and the second floor is also below. There was a lot of noise.
When you open the shutter "Amad" and look at the outside "Soto" from the balustrade "Rankan", the mountain spirit "Sanki" becomes cold "Hiyae" or "Darkness". On the bridge, there are two lanterns, two lanterns, three lanterns, a doya / \ and a charmander, and a road. Divide into right and left "Migi Hidari" and fly to the wind that blows "Fukita".
The guide "Annaya" Gonshichi "Gonshichi" came back to "Matsusaki" at the very beginning, and it was half an hour "Hantoki" and "Ah". The folds were nothing. However, when I was waiting for my feet to stand on my feet, I thought that I would wait until midnight.
If you ask the old lady, the couple, Fufu, will buy a grain of sardine from the inside, and both will be squeezed. With "Riyauhau", look at the face "Kaho" and retreat while "Mia", and then go to the dark side of the "Muka" cliff "Kake". Until you enter. After that, I don't remember and stay. Gonshichi said that his eyes were drowsy, his way of life was Kuregata, and eventually he was dark. ..
Only, there is nothing to do with it.
"Yahari" What "what" I am, I'm fascinated by it, and I'm lost in the road. 』\
"Naturally, it's easy to get rid of it, but your wife, Okusama, is searching for your" Meesama, "and walking, but it's not. Well, there is no return, so I'm going to get rid of it, and Tengu-sama will also be kidnapped by two people in one place. Things are rarely messed up with things. Let's get rid of it by returning to "now" now. Even at the inn, I'm worried about it, so I'll search for it overnight, and I'll search for it. Well, I did a rest, but I'm tired of it. 』\
Ki is not ki. I told him to go out to search for it in one place, and suddenly, no / \ Yamasaka, an unfamiliar guest, Kiyakujin. However, in the dark night road, the cliff, the valley, and the cliff, the foot entanglement, Ashimato, Hininari. 》. ...... Something that can be hired by the guide "Annaya" does not know anything, but before "Mahe", he gives directions "Michiannai". I think it's the edge of something. Immediately, he said to his mother, "Human", to squeeze out more than one person, and to search for it. Also, I went down to the lower floor.
At one point, I was lonely and noisy, but I was lonely, and I was lonely and lonely at night. Whew ... Now, one minute, one second, one second, the blood is cold, and the bones are engraved. It was said that if the time passed, the hope that the return of the ura would disappear would be nothing. The account is "Kanjiyau". Even if 9 o'clock "Kuji" passes 10 o'clock "Jifuji" and 11 o'clock "Jifuichiji", there is no sound "Otozata". Occasionally, "Time /" \, "Ruka" in the corridor, "Yukikayo", the maid "Jiyochiyu", and "Toho" sledding.
"What are you doing?
"Umu,"
"I'm worried." 』\
"Ah,"
――I couldn't make a reply, but I sighed and looked at my sighing face, and I saw a few people. I was able to pull out the face.
Eventually, I hit "Jifu Niji" at 12 o'clock. The maid, "Jiyochiyu," came to pick up the floor, and "one" and one "one" and two "two" and "if". Because I did it
When I said, "Sledding is possible," I thought that "when" was my strange voice. ...... Of course, without "of course", "ne", to the bedside "pillow", for example, "rei" purple stripes "murasakijima" was slid, and the knees were not calm. When you listen to what you hear with your knees and clear your ears, you will see the flow of the Tanigaha. The sound is falling, flowing, striking, crushing into rocks, and dying. ――I hear that.
"Atsu," and the abomination "now" are paid by hand, "hara", sit down, "naho", and so on "there" * [# "eyes + season" , 3rd level 1-88-80] "Mimaha", the maid "Jiyochiyu" who looked into the dense "Sotsu" and the tatami room "Zashiki", silently "Dama" , Closed the suit and shoji. ――When the night gets colder and colder, there is no difference because of the deep cut, but the unskilled face seems to be Akira. The hoe and the face become hot because of the mercy and amiability.
The back is chilly and cold ... Look behind you, and between the floors, the sleeves are tatami mats. The haori of the woman who wore it, the sash of the sash, and the color of the color became cold. I saw it like a tatami mat, and when the owner, Mochinushi, died, I rejected it. It is irresistible to feel a little "chiyoto" and "saha" when it comes to life.
Where "where", Shiyutsu / \ and the wind "cold" pass through ...
[# 9 indentation] 17 [# "17" is the middle heading]
"I'm sad, I'm lonely, I don't like it, I don't like it."
"Customer" Kiyakusama "Ah,"
The one called "Okusama," echoed in the wind of Yamagoshi, and returned Khan and Kodama to his ears. "He" and "Egg" the brain and "Nau".
"Customer" Kiyakusama ","
"My wife, Okugata-sama." 』…… There is no emotion. I think it was a little closer to the back mountain, Urayama, and suddenly, the voice of a woman, Koe, was mixed.
I called him "Okusama, my wife." Hi and Yuki scream and scream, and my wife is strangled. I can't stand it.
Go out of the corridor with bare feet, and look down from the top of the ladder to the upside down and look into the Chiyauba. Being
"My husband" Goshiyujin ", my husband" Goshiyujin ","
And, after the sea calms down, a man puts "after" on the tatami mat "tami" of the wave / \ tremor "furu". Whether it's a "toko" or a "woman", only two "two" are launched, and the body is "out", and the black "black" is formed. In the middle of the room, the owner, Teshiyu, who had a drink with a hand drink, had a tatami mat, and raised his head to the top.
"I wonder if it's still a good idea. "I" Hi / \ 45 steps "Noboru" above, "Chiyuto" up and down "Uhesa" in the middle, face to the balustrade "Handrail" Yue "Goshi" I put "Kaho" together.
"I wonder if he came out again with a replacement, isn't he calling me a word?"
"Hey, no, Ie, Yamafuka, I'm sorry, but I've been pulling up to Chikamaha, and I'm sorry. I will. 』\
"It's still a wisdom, isn't it?" 』\
"Hey, what", early "ha", mountains "yama" and valleys "tani" are known by the number "suu", and they are messed up in the place. …… ”
He sighed, but shook his face and made a comb.
"But that's a mess. For a few minutes, the night was over, and the ones who were going to teach the way were waiting until the morning, and then again. "See you again" ... Your wife, "Okugata-sama," will be messed up by the path of "Do" and "Kutabi", and the night will be clear in each case. If you get it, it's different from the minute. 』\
"Waka"? Is it a corpse? ”
"What? 』\
If it's "death", it's up to that. "I was abandoned, and I went back to the floor, and I was overthrown. ......
"Customer" Kiyakusama ","
Called "wife", "there are only ten voices, and then the gala / \ and the door of the gate" and "squeal. 》 Open. I covered my collar and covered my ears! Even if I let him know who was safe, he said that he was the best at hearing ... Of course, "of course" and "what" do not come.
That habit "that habit", gala / \ and again "again" ... This time, when the Oto "tears" were closed, this was the best time for my wife. I think that I was separated from the mysterious place, and I thought, I shouldn't know, but tears. Has fallen. ...
Before that, I stopped by saying "Satsuki" and "Stop", but even then, the maid "Jiyochiyu" stretched out. The sleeves of the shavings on the floor of the next door, Nedoko, are moving, and they are agitated and shaken. S.
"Oh," and "Tobitsu", he made a nasty reply, "Head", and appeared "Kaho", but there was no one from "Original". There is no such thing as "should" be done. There are only pillows that are lonely and rusty, and it is still sad that there is no kichin-yado.
When you look at it with maturity and stare at it, and then dimly, you can see that it's a normal snake floor, and both sides of the pillow of your wife's pillow. When the snake / \ and the grass are raw, and the short "mijika" is seen / \ stretched, the cover is covered, and the snake is 萱. I don't know if it's thin or thin, or if it's a snake. A snake, a snake, fluttered with a pillow, and a pillow was struck toward me. I don't have the energy to work my limbs. Tighten the neck and kill it, and then kill it by killing it. Kikuwanshiya, a naive locomotive of Koyama, who was born in Matsukuro, pulled the Uhe over the sky window and passed through. Then, a soft thing rides on it, and it feels like it's fluffy, and the chest rises with a fluffy / \, and it becomes a rebellious body. I thought that my body would be attached to the ceiling by gently lowering my limbs. "Me" wakes up, ... the night "yo" is not yet "ma", but it cannot be "a".
The same "Ona", "Uncut", "Dream", "Dream", "Dream", "Dream", "Dream", "Dream", "Dream" When the calligraphy was gradually returned to me, the owner, Teshiyu,
Send a telegram to "Okunimoto", and let's get rid of it with "Ika". I was sitting on the pillow, and I was sitting there.
"Idiot. 』\
Under the word "Ichigon", I was able to do it. "
[# 9 indentation] 18 [# "18" is the middle heading]
"Injury, negligence, illness, special sickness, ... how do you want to be foolish?"
Yukie is an old man who talks about this when he talks about it, and when he talks about it, he sits cross-legged on the grass of Horibata. He shook his fist on his knees and shook his fist, and he said to his belly that he was upset.
"I can't send a telegram to my relatives, Chiki, saying that my wife has been lost.
"Whatever, it's the most trivial thing, and until it's done, it's a match." 』\
"So, I'm sorry, but just in case, it's a good idea to let the country know about it."
From "I", I found a corpse or anything "Mitsu", and when I was there, I made it "Time". 』\
"That's the hell ... what's the corpse?"
"What is it, I don't know what the corpse is. 』\
For me, the words of the host, Teshiyu, were so disturbing that my chest was torn apart. It is said that it is the most dead body, and it is said that it is made up of dead bodies. "Now" is good.
"I'll find myself, and I'll bring it back, and wait for the corpse to come." I found a glaring "Nira" and kicked the corridor "Raka". There was one police officer, Jiyunsa, who pierced the straw, and he hung his waist on the stile, but Yahari was there. It seems that this thing is about.
With a meek face with pockmarks, I saw me as a poison of my spirit. However, without having to use his mouth, he shook the gate and the gate from a person, and shook his body from a person. "
Clouds are white, mountains are blue, wind is cold, water is water, red and blue. It's just a blue and white look, black hair, dark green, green, Yamatsubaki, one wheel, Ichirin, crimson. There is no hand at all in the pseudo-colored color of the "Tsuma" that has been "Beniiro".
If the eyes were dazzling and the belly was empty, then I would return to Yado / \ and the inn.
"Hey, eat rice." 』\
Then, again, it jumps out, the cliffs and valleys are walking, and the clouds are white, and the mountains. "Yama" is blue. ...... There is nothing that can be seen outside. The eyes are blue, the brain is blue, and the brain is blue. Sometimes "when /" \ "black" black "smoothly communicates, but dogs" dogs "or humans" humans "or discrimination" sabetsu "... guest" kiyakujin " The dog was strange, and the spirit was different. The voice was mocked, and it was merciful. Awareness, muttering, muttering, chewing, roaring, and getting into the ears ... Yes ...
"Customer" Kiyakusama ","
Called "Okusama", the ivy is transmitted from Mine. Return the 谺 《Kodama》 and go to the valley 《Tani》 Khan and the sound ―― Clouds 《Spiders》 are white, Mountains 《Yama》 are blue 《Ao》 The wind blows and the water flows.
"The guest, Kiyakujin, has a different mind," he says.
"OK, whatever," yesterday, "Kinofu," today, "Kefu," Nisei, "Fake," and a contract, "Musu," a love wife, "Kohiniyouba." U can't get rid of it, and Yukue can't know it. If it's a madman looking for it, then it's a meal. All the stuff that eats 《ku》 are crazy 《Kichigahi》, the fire 《hi》 is hot, and the fumo is strange, and the water 《Mizu》 is cold. I think it's stuffed, and it's funny. The hot springs, such as the springs, are the limit of the madness of Sata. "Gahiyama", hahahahaha, "
Yukie said, holding her knees to her knees and sending a laughing laugh until she shook her forehead.
The clouds are moving, the light sun is shooting, and the anti-fluttering chest and the forehead of the back are When I lit the "Hitahi" slightly, it gave me a hot and drunken color, but my lips were white and my eyes were white. 》 Is a bloodline 《Chibashi》.
The old man leaned his neck, Kokubi.
Suddenly, "Kifu" and "Yukie" are addressed to "just like" a child "Osanago", so both palms "Riyaute" are twin eyes. The shadow of the cloud was darkly reflected on the back, and the shadow of the cloud was reflected on the back. ..
"In that", the four sides "around" became a pitch darkness "Matsukura". The darkness "Kura" became "Naru" at night, "Yoru" at night. The darkness of the darkness is wide, and it may be the field, the hatake, or the flat ground, the original, or the original ... at a glance. It was water that I could see when the ink was dyed in the "inside" of the "no" night of the "so" limit. It's like Mizu, but it doesn't matter if it's water, but it's a fire, even though I'm searching for the guard of my wife, Niyoubau. Inside, I don't care about it. When I try to step on it, I try to step on it.
"Ah, deep" Fuka ", who" Sauce ", to water" Mizu "..."
At that time, there was a person who called me "I" by hanging a sullen voice "Ko" from the darkness.
When the darkness is transparent, there is a tall, large, shaved priest, Bauzu, from the ground to the three shaku. Just high, high place, in the air, agura, scratching, priesthood, shore, migiha, and hydrangea. Then, hand over the board, and then put it in the Uhe, and then you have to do it, or you have a habit of priesthood. In addition, there is a wide four-handed net, Yotsudemi, sunk in the water. "
The old man 《Ji ゞ》 pulled his eyebrows 《Mayuge》.
"Hateno."
[# 5 indentation] [# headline] Castle "Jiyau" ga | Swamp "Numa" [# end of headline]
[# 9 indentation] Nineteen [# "Nineteen" is the middle heading]
"In the dark night, the hem of the cloud is in the dark night, and the hem of the cloud is in the dark night. Because the water is soaked in the water, the water is soaked in the water, and the water is soaked in the water. , I saw it as a stunned "Mourou".
"Wear a swamp, a ki, and a ki," and discontinue it.
Whether it's a swamp or a sea, if you have a wife, you can't put it in without entering. 』\
Because it was frustrating, this one was slammed and rushed.
A word about the fact that the entrance to the road pierces the ears and sticks to the bone marrow.
"Ah, here is this, is your body" Nagi "?"
Say "I".
"Here, this is ... I'm ... my wife," isn't it? …… ”
"Oh, I'm now meeting", the lid, the lady who had her face on her back from the bottom of the water, "Afumu". That thing. 』\
"Well, I'm drowning and dying. 』\
The entrance is to support the knees, and the entrance is from the top of the foot allowance, and the cover is covered with a monkey. And
"Wait, wait, wait, and see the corpse." Jiya wasn't the one that was right ... The so-called "I" is "Kage". Voice "Ko" Yes "A" Color "Iro" Yes "A" Shadow Master "Kagebofushi" Jiya ... From that "So", I met "Omi" I told you to talk about it. ......
I wonder what the body is, from the distant "Empau" to the "Chikagoro" and this "Ko" Sugoroku hot spring "Onsen", with the couple "Fufu". Come to the hot springs, and lose the guardian of the sugoroku, the sugoroku, on the mountain road, Yamamichi. I wonder if it's a sugoroku that I haven't searched for in "Hankiyauran". ] / \ Ask "Tazu".
My wife lost her, and she was frantic. 」
Yukie said, "Omo folds" and biting his teeth.
"Let's think about it, and ... just listen to the message of that".
"Well, that's what it is," he replied.
"Yeah / \, the poison of Ki". 』\
Tosara / \ and the sleeves of the Hoi "Koromo" are rubbed together, and the sound of "Kakia" is heard.
"I am the one of the trip, but this swamp is the castle, and the swamp is called the swamp. .. 』\
Old man, there, was a castle, a swamp, and a place. "
Yukie is breathing and breathing. The old man was smoking. The dew of the roots of the grass that fell from the butts, the dew of the oil, squeaks and smokes. When it stood up, it was wrapped in other / \ light sun. The clouds are thin, but the castle tower's ridge is from Sobi and Mine. It is heavy in the sky.
"Eh, the castle" Jiyau "ga | the swamp" Numa ". Oh, I'm crazy about it, and I can see it as a driving around there ... There is nothing on the mountain "Uhe". You "Meesama" came to the hot spring "Kinsen" and the roadside "Kaidaubata" , A large "Ohoki" swamp "Numa" in the "Kihayashi" forest near the rice field.-What is that? The water of the water is not good if it dams the flow of the river "Tanigaha" and accumulates it. ...... Here, the water of the moat "Hori" passes through the bottom of the earth "there", and suddenly says "I".
There is a hole in the bottom of the castle tower, which is a mysterious swamp. At "Numa" ... I was my grandfather, "Onjiidon" was a hand-crafted ship "Fune", and the concubine of "Tonosama" was burned. Say that he was there. At that time, yes, the shadow of that time is clearly reflected in the castle, the swamp, and the sky. It is said that "Sora" has become a black "Matsukuro". ...... That "it" is true, what is it? "Waka", but the castle tower "Tenshiyu" ridge "Mune" is still bright "Akira" It's a crab. When the water is still, the time is when the dragon with a large horn is sunk to the bottom, and the wind is cold. When the wind blows, the dragon runs on the surface of the water, which is the surface of the water. By doing so, you can see the state of the castle "Yausu", so the "Izen" used to be in the "Mahari" around the swamp "Numa". There was "A". Most of all, I did it at the place where the killing was forbidden.
On top of that, the Lord Nushi lives and lives, and no one is fishing now. There is no such thing as fishing, and there are many carp, crucian carp, and crucian carps. ......
You're the one who sees you at the hot spring inn "Yado", and you're the one who's disciplined in the hearth "Irori". A mountain ant crawls and walks.
That, wait for the swamp Numa, 」
And again, I fluttered my eyebrows.
"There is nothing else in the neighborhood, such as" Kinga Kinzai ", me" I ", and" others "that have a net" Ami "with a sword of four hands". Na >> Inojiya ... The footsteps of Yotsudeba, the four-handed place of the castle, Jiyauga, and the swamp, which you saw. On top of "Ajiro", "Kuroba Uzu", the black priest of "Uhe", and ... Hatena ... "Iro" is blue. "Are you there?"
[# 9 indentation] Twenty [# "Twenty" is the middle heading]
"Ah, I woke up Ao."
Yukie said, "Okinaho".
"The circle of the nose, the wide of the forehead, the large of the mouth, and the face of that ... However, the fire of the color "Iro" was burning, so I saw it in the dark night .... The shaved "Bauzu" was a fox fire. He said it was a "fox". "
"That / \, if it's the priest of that, I'll ask for the mouth of the evening, and I'll ask for it. I'm here, I'm gonna get it, and I'm gonna go to that place, where you're going to meet Yukia. "Meuchi Riki", my husband "Dan-sama" and I "I" have an edge "A". "
"I think that there is an edge between the teacher and the disciple," I think. "
Yukie said to the flirting.
"Well, Kushigi is a measure .... At that time, what is the priest of that"? I'm sorry. "
"Eh, ...
"I'm a trip from a trip to a trip, and I'm a stranger," says the priest.
"When the sun was living and I passed through here, I was now, and I was the one who told me. In the end, some of the water in the swamp, Mizu, was deeply fluffy. An old man who was staring at the dark water "Mizu" with one knee on this four-handed place "Yotsudeba". Ujin >> Now, when asked if there is a fish, he says that he has a fish, but he cannot catch a fish someday. "I" Fu.
When asked about the rare thing, the reason for it, and the reason for it, the old man's reply, "Henji". 》
And that "So" shaved "Bauzu" talked. ...... Ji, old man "Ojii" -If the old man "Raujin" is your "you", your "you" was talked to the shaved "bauzu". "I" fu, castle "jiyau" ga | swamp "numa" carp "kohi" crucian carp "funa" is scooped with a net "ami", but there is a heba fishing "reu", As soon as you enter the ridge, it disappears, and one of them stays at the bottom. There is no loach, one tail, and no prey. Knowing that there is nothing, he said that he would form a four-handed hand here, and the night would change. A beautiful woman who doesn't have anything to say to "inside" in the net "Ami" that is sunk in water when it is "fluffed". "Na" is reflected. Because I wanted to see it, I was told that I was in a German affair, and that I was in a hurry. At that time, I heard from the shaved "Bauzu" ... Is that the true thing? Old man "Ojii". "
The old man 《Ji ゞ》 answered 《Kota》, saying that it was 《when》 and in fact 《actually》.
In the beginning, the fish that was caught was erased by Tochiyu in the middle of the ridge. Ogio Hanamichi 《Gigi no Banamichi》, Tree 《Ki》 Underpass 《Shimichi》, Eggplant Hatake 《Nasubibatake》 Ridge 《Aze》, Rattan Tatami 《Yabudaemi》, Marukibashi 《Marukibashi 》, …… Castle 《Jiyau》 ｜ Fishing in the swamp 《Numa》, the old man 《Jiyui》 is returning to the small house 《Koya》 on the way 《Tochiyuu》 There is also a hole, a shrine, and a mound. The shadow of the moonlit night, the shadow of the galaxy, the raccoon dog, and the dark night, the dark night, the darkness of the dark night, the gargle, and the fox. "Kitsune", a raccoon dog, "Yakara", took away "Uba", "Hito", and "Korozu", and the root of "Tobacco" with cigarettes Gargling and squeezing the bones of your hips until you feel the pain in your lower back. Even if you put a cigarette on all sides, if you do a moment, you will lose one, and if you blow your nose, you will lose two. If you do a cigarette, you will become a raccoon dog. ...... Then, even though it wasn't yet, there was a heavy "Biku" on the way to "Tochiyu", and there was also a "Hariahi" in the middle. However, as soon as it was slaughtered, the power of the brute and the embezzlement was swayed, and the evening was struck by the sword. Hmm, after fishing, I'm going to lick it from the back ... I see it / \ 4 of the hand net "Ajiro" With the upper "Uhe", take away from the "Mahari" around the waist "Koshi".
At that time, when the most "mochi" is "that", "what" is something that is close to "mijika" and "things" are attacked. To do. When the left "Hidari" hand is surprised, the left "Hidari" is used to scratch the hand, and the right "Migi" arm is slammed. At that time, it seems that the aim is from the right side, "Hau". The neck is cold, and the spine is cold, so it's a guy who doesn't know what to do behind him. The reason why the skylight "Atama" is so terrifying is that the master "Oyakata" is on a business trip. No, it's too early, and it's known as Ritsu, Satsu / \, and it's held. The most "offal" also has a body "body" for the lid "lid" and holds a ridged fish "fish", and if there is also "ゐ", how "how" Even if there is a business savvy in the livestock, it is said that it is not good to pull out the bones. If you stay in the body, you can burn the palm / \ and the fire in the middle of the swamp, huh, weird. When the mind is scattered, the carp is lost in the place where it stands. If I had to do it with that technique, I wouldn't know where I was, and I wouldn't know where I was, and I was in the middle of the night. Ahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha Even if you squeeze a little under the armpit, you will be able to keep your body quiet and protect your body. If you do, you can see it with your eyes, and you will see a sharp face and a long tail. By the way, on the day when I saw it, I put together my legs, sank my four hands, and stretched my body. The body is often hired for no rent, and the castle is spilled. The keeper of the swamp, Bannin, is no better than Dozen. , It doesn't become a sake, and the city is prosperous at some point.
[# 9 indentation] 21 [# "21" is the middle heading]
If you see that the fish is approaching, you can lift the net, and pull the net with both hands. When the eyes and the heart are taken by the water, the misery of the time. Point to the sound of a rattling, etc., and turn the ridge down to the downturn, and turn it over to turn it over, and turn it into a crawling guy.ゝ It's still a thing, and the caught fish ‘Uo’ suddenly goes into the water 《Mizu》, and swims with Sui 《Yes》. And >>
The night when I started thinking that I should stop killing the ineffective killing because of the lack of love for the rest, this is a big deal. When you pull the net of "Omohiki" and "Ami", you can see "Ichimen" Castle "Jiyau" ga | Swamp "Numa" water "Mizu". Then, the big four hands "Ohoyotsude" burst into a vertical "vertical", and the high stars from both corners "Riyasumi". When the shadow is projected on the sky of Hoshi and the Uhe is separated from the swamp, the eyes of the net Ami The light of the water that falls by irrigating the eyes, the light of the water, and the haze of the haze. In the middle of the book, a thin image of a woman and a woman was reflected in the picture.
"Well, yes, the customer who listens to the rumor" Kiyakusama "is hanging. "Hitsupa"
The old man grabbed it with his hand and turned his hips against it.
"Let's do our best in the place where we're pulling" ... "Funa", one tail, "When Piki", "Yes", and "Tegotahe". The water is roughly overturned, and the human beings rush into it. If you shake the net with your body and body, you will be shaken by Yahari, and it will be a kimono or a crucian carp. , The tail hair "Shitsupo" or the figure of the woman "Nana" in the net "Ami" is fluttering / \ moving "moving". If it is, when you release your hand, it will be gritty and sinking. The bottom of the net "Ami" will be "Hau" ... Water. In the middle of the scene, you can see a flickering / \ and a face "Kaho" ... You can see "Me-sama" and a white "white" face "Kaho" is correct. Look at "actually" and "here" here and "decently".
At that time, Biku dropped his footsteps, and he turned down on the mud. That's right. That guy rushed into the swamp with his legs and feet, and he saw it, and he was a brute. Therefore, tonight, "Konya" was fortune-telling with this technique.
What "what" is attached, it is not "to come" twice with "nido", and usually / \ I fold "ga" and return. Rimashi Keie. Mysterious * [# "Rissinben + Fang", U + 3909, 119-16] What is the eyebrow "eyebrows" and what is the eye "me" in the "smart" thing? I don't have a sense of "remembering", but I can't say "what", it's the color of the woman "nana" ... ... There is no color or love, but when I look at the picture, I forget the beauty of what it is. I can't forget it.
If it's crazy, it's okay if it's crazy, tonight it's a snake, and it's a snake. "Hitoban" go out "Big" and see "Mi" bee. ”……
Then, I was sent to the swamp and the swamp again, and I went to the Kasumi, which was printed in one print, and Toyama. It was higher than the peak of Tohoyama, Mine, and was withdrawn, and the four hands were solved and sunk, but what was the path? If it becomes a prey that cannot be returned to Michi, give up, carp is golden, and crucian carp is silver. However, instead of staying at the mercy of "someday", let the water "Miz" take care of it and change the night.
The wind blows, the wind calms down, the water moves, and the water calms down. Onuma's time limit "Kokugen" is also strange to Murazato "Murazato", and eventually he thinks "Ushimitsu" and "Omo" last night. Around the time of Yufube, I took the net "Ami" at this place, but the night of that "Ban" was withdrawn to the upper "Uhe". There was no "until" until I got rid of it, and when I looked into the water "Mizu" from the top of my foot "Ajiro", it was clear that there was "Yes / \" and "again" face "Kaho". Was reflected.
And the old man 《Ji ゞ》 talks 《Hana》.
"Hearing and screaming, from the shoulders to the sides of the chest, you can see it as thin, you can see it, try it. Then, when you pull it up and lift it up, you can hang it on the Yahari net and release the water from the water ... ... This time, "Kondo" will be discolored, and it will be swayed by "Hitupuru", and then it will be rubbed off. When I squeeze it, the dew spills into the water in the water again ...
Three nights 《Miyoshi》 and four nights 《Yoshisa》 followed by 《Tsu》, but at any time 《When》 was reflected as 《Kitsu》 at that time 《Jikoku》. When the familiar "familiarity" of "Ohi / \" became more and more frequent, hey, the morning glory "Asagaho" flower "Hana" sank "Buchishizu", and the collar "Eri". Both the throat and the throat have different colors, and the mouth says "I". "Betsupin", which has been struck by the soul, has changed from "Someday Yu" to "Jibun" at the same time, with me "Washi" and face "Kaho". When you put the "A" together, you can see the "smiling" lol "straw" in the water "inside". ......
And, thinking of that smile, "Egaho", the main thing is to step on the ground, and to endure it, to the small house "Koya". I can't do it. If it rains, you will wear a mino, and a good night with a moon will be covered with cheeks. One night, I missed "Hitoban", and both the four-handed field "Yotsudeba" and this "ko" grandfather settled on the shore "Kishi". "Iha" is a sword--I'm fascinated by the "Nushi", the lord of the swamp "Numa". With the promise of the previous life, "Yakusoku", I became the guardian of the castle "Jiyau" and the swamp "Bannin". I wonder. Where and where you can think of yourself as a dead body, and what is it? Even if I do it, I can't think about it ...
The grandfather who made the year of luck was lost in the female color ‘Iro’, but suddenly 《main》 did not do it. The cuteness of my grandson, Mago, and the love of Gokuraku, the paradise of seeing, this is the same thing. I thought, "I think." ......
By the way, if it's cold, it's cold, and if it's hot, it's hot, and if it's hot, it's hot. Heba, drink sake, and go out during the day and at night, and go out to the princess of the swamp, Hiisama. It's possible to see it, but it's not enough to stay alive. "
[# 5 indentation] [# headline] Voice of cloud "spider" "koe" [# end of headline]
[# 9 indentation] Twenty-two [# "Twenty-two" is the middle heading]
The figure of the phantom female "Nana" is longing for "Ako", but it is taken by the body of the old "Ohi". If you want paradise, you will do the same thing as you do. However, in order to see the appearance of that "so", ... go out to the swamp "numa" and go to four "yo" places. You have to wait until the "Tsukubai" or the "Kokugen" time limit. Then, the moon is shot from the roof, and there is no line in the reason. At that point, I couldn't make a profit, I couldn't make a living, and every night, I couldn't get enough of the swamp's turn. 》 Is the same as 《Gokuraku》, and 《Mai》, and 《Minna》, but also 《Ona》, and the old man 《Ji ゞ》. Said with a bitter smile.
In such a case, it is possible to make a straw horse in a small house with a small house, leaving the four hands in the yard, and making it. I couldn't give up on the inguwa, and when the sun went down, I couldn't wait until the hair was struck, and the soul and soul. Mashihi comes out of the sliding window, and the castle is sewn, and the swamp is fluffy / \ and the white straw is sewn. 》 Noyani ※ [# “彳 + sheep”, 3rd level 1-84-32] 》
Wait, until you get angry, you can't pull your heart, but it's normal for each one. Listen to the legend "Ki" Kunuma "Numa" In the "Naka", the castle tower "Tenshiyu" of the old castle "Kojiya" is defeated "Upside down" inn "Yado" ... Because of the ancestor's technique, Jiyutsu, the woman who completed the mysterious Aya's last Saigo is a descendant of the ancestor. Is it an ancestor related to "Matsuha"? Because the spirit that floats without being mourned with that, Rei, wants a memorial service in the silent Mugon. I don't know what to do. In Germany, what is the heavy load? Let anyone in the village "Sauce" see the mysterious "Aya" * [# "Sanzui + San", U + 6F75, 122-3] "Splash" It's not possible to tell people that it's going to be scattered, but it's not possible to do it during the day, but it's a minute and a night. Donated to Sanchiya Ushihau in the three towns of the castle, Jiyauga, and Numa. I don't live.
Most of the time, when I had my own self, and when I was sick, that night ……
"You, Meesama, met, and the shaved priest, Bauzu, came and stood up. And this is also mysterious. Kaho. The blue of Iro, the awakened ink of Sumi, the robe of Koromo, the hard-working approach, the thinness of the shadow, and the eerie priesthood. I wondered if it was a ghost, even if it was a sardine or a sardine. 》, …… Most of the time, the ghosts of the ghosts relied on the priests to turn around, and they thought that they would be vain, because of their merit. So, I asked for guidance to "Ushimitsu" here, and I asked for "Indau". --- There is also fatigue of "Tabi". What if I'm going to do it, tonight I'm going to rest in my house, Koya, and tomorrow's evening, Ban. The lid is not as good as that ... young, and if that is true, then one hour is too early. I want to save the bitterness, and I want to move forward. I can sing with the sword of Nanmu Nanmu and the mouth, and the hospitality. On the first time, I laid straw and so on and sat down, and replaced the Uhe on the Ajiro with the black priest Kuroba Uzu.
Now, you can do it! At first glance, he saw the woman of "A", and immediately wore a robe "Koromo" on "Sokuza" and became "Iha". By the way, a little bit of movement is also possible, and the dark night road "Yomichi" is used to the road "Michi", and the suta / \ and the small house "ko". I went back to "ya" and "kahe" ...
The next morning, "Ake no Asa", "Haya", "Nigiri-meshi", "Koshira", bamboo "Take" skin, "Kaha", "Tsui", for the sake of the priest. Visit "Bau-sama" and go to "Mimahi". "Yu" is tight ... There is no shadow in "Mist" in the haze.
Ah, I think it ’s a lid, but Yahari ’s catfish ’s catfish ’s coming. Eh, I was disappointed that I didn't have any rumors, and I was disappointed with the guardian, Bannin. Even if the night of "Ban" goes to "Once" again, and "Wait", and the night of "No" is changed, the shadow of "Always" will always be "Kage". Is a movie. Even if you raise your four hands, the stars will not hang, and the incense of the bottle will drop the drops. .. Ah, I handed over the guide. There was no need for it, and it was a priest who had the wisdom of a famous priest, and he received the straw of Ajiro's foot. In >>, you, "Meesama," stumbled upon "after" after me, and met "Bauzu," the shaven of that, "Aha."
Until then, it was a minute, but I was a castle, and a reflection of the water in the swamp, Mizu. It's been a long time since I started to see it. It was around the time of Tsuhikoko that you couldn't know the whereabouts of your wife, Okusama, because you were sick of the hot springs. I don't know about "around", but where did the boy "bausama" hear, and he did what his wife "okusama" said. .. "
"That was what the priest said.
"... People don't know, but the old man who was here here, Raujin, appears in the water. The role of the priest, Yaku, was asked to turn to the phantom woman, Nana, to reveal the time. No ... I waited for the Nembutsu from the evening to sing the Nembutsu, and the time came.
Onuma's water "Mizu" is only "Ta", it doesn't become wind "cold", it doesn't become rain "Ame", it's gray "Hairo" I saw the fallen cloud of the cloud, the wide corpse of the corpse, Nakigara, starting from the shore, and breathing with the water. I started out. I said "Hita / \". I screamed / \ in the ghost.
The rivers of Machikata and Satochika are formed in the middle of the night, and the sound of the flow is heard. The word "I" is the opposite "Abekobe". This swamp of this "Numa" moves from "that time" at that time, "da" ... breathing "live" goes through the whole body "kayo". Then, from the center, I wake up when I'm sick, and I wonder if it's going to be a flood.
And what's inside that's inside, what's the voice? "..." said the shaved "Bauzu". "
[# 9 indentation] Twenty-three [# "Twenty-three" is the middle heading]
If the voice of that "Ko" is heard by the fifth-ranked heron "Goisagi", it is also a fox's cry "Sake". The fox squeezed the fox / \ and the teeth, and the fox shook the fox. Suddenly, I heard that the sound of the bell "Kane" would be heard from the distant country "Kuni". Somehow, there are some "something" out there, and ... a miscellaneous "rough" voice "koe" is put in the bag "fukuro". Then, from the void to the swamp, to the top of the swamp, loosen the mouth, and smash it with a wow / \. "Main" Suddenly
"Wash the blood" to "Oh", "
"To wash"
"Wash the blood of humans" to "Ara". 』\
"Yabu" was defeated by "Shimoto". 』\
"I cut it with a whip." 』\
"It was torn by the claws. 』\
"Purify your skin,"
"Kiyo". 』\
It's high, low, low, and the voices of "Koe /" \ and Onuma's "Ohonuma" are screaming / \, and the dark night There was an engraving of Anya, and it echoed, but it was below the clouds, it was springing from the water, or it was in the middle of the swamp. Around the center, a thin smoke "Kemuri" stood up with a stunned "Mourou" and a "Navi" ...
It's not "boiled down". 』\
"I'm not out. ".
"Yukagen", Yukagen, "
"Water adjustment" Mizukagen ". I was crying ...
"Is the hot water of the swamp" hot "? I hear a blurry sound "on" ...
"Hot water" Netsutau ". I answered "Easy" easily.
"Human" is not knowledgeable. 』\
Is it "knowledge"? ", He said in a sudden tone.
"What is the boiling water from the swamp?" 』\
"If this hot water is boiled and killed, the fish will grow and the water will be empty, the swamp. "Numa" is dry. 』\
I said.
"* [#" Mouth + 堯 ", U + 5635, 125-7] Don't tongue, work. 』\
"Wash the blood" to "Oh", "
"Wash the wounds to Ara"
"Peel off the kosode"
"What about this purple purple? 』\
"Iris, Ayame, Wisteria. 』\
"The obi is long. 』\
"Ivy, Katsura, and the tail of the mountain bird, Yamadori." 』\
"Stolen underwear" to "Uba", "
"This crimson" Kurenai "is"
"Momiji, flower" Hana ". 』\
"Hi, this skin is"
"Yuki" is the snow of "San'in". 』\
Hiitsu, and the soul-extinguishing "Tamagi" screamed "Himei" above, and the voice of a nasty woman "Nana" of the thread "Ito" returned the "Kodama". It echoed in the swamp Numa.
When the shaved sword said to this place, I was listening to it, and I was sweating from the hot iron. It was. "
Yukie said to the old man, "Kata", and let his lips fight "Ono".
"In addition," Na "hobozu" Bauzu "continues, and the story" Hana ".
Now, I think that what was the collection of what was, and who was naked, was made white-naked.
"Dog, dog, dog." There is a call.
Biyau, Biyau, Uo, Uo, Uo, and Haruka, the dog "Inu" barks for a long time, and the abomination "Now" is a shadow of the night. There was a rush, but in the blink of an eye, from the village Sato, the wind came with the dog Satsu. , From behind, on the foothold, Ajiroba, on the dog, Uzuma, and the sleeve of the robe, Koromo, was squeezed and flew. The scent of the beast "Kemono" was scented on the galvanized iron.
On top of the water, "Uhe", dogs, dogs, and swords ...
"A man doesn't know." 』\
"Wow," and the voice of the dog "Inu".
"It's an inconvenient guy. 』\
"Biyau," and "again".
During this time, the sound of hanging the folds, the yellowtail / \ and the water was made frequent.
"Is it possible soon?"
"Blood was a sword. 』\
"Again, whipping, whipping,"
"Again, wash". 』\
"Hi, I'm in my hand,"
"I'm my feet,"
"Matsu Haruha is involved in this face. 』\
"Black hair that spreads over water" Kurokami "jiya,"
Just like the white hair of the auntie of the mountain, Shiraga, it hurts with a scoop / \, and it doesn't stab. 』\
It's more comfortable than a snake. Then, the voice "Ko" rides on the wind "Kaze" and goes "Yu" ...
[# 9 indentation] Twenty-four [# "24" is the middle heading]
With a terrifying voice and a terrible voice, I couldn't see the shape, but on the swamp, on the swamp, on the sky, in the sky, and on the dog. However.
"Dog, dog, dog." 』\
"Oh. ", Howled.
"I can't see it in the eyes of humans" ... On top of the castle tower of Shiroyama, "Uhe", the woman "Nana" is a beam. From "Utsubari" to "Tsuru" and put it in place, tell the man "Toko" to "I"! 』\
"What" goes into his "A" ear "Yes". 』\
"Wow, if you have a dog, I think it's a dog." Yes, he's a molester. 』\
A mocking voice, Koe. From the side, an old voice, Koe,
"... The wording of that" is not possible with a dog "Inu". Let's make a voice to Tokitori "Hotojisu". 』\
"Still / \, still / \, in the mountains" Yama ", the promise" Yakusoku "is not wrong with the human" Ningen ". Now, when it's not yet, it's a bird's sword, and it's not a season. 』\
It's okay if you only look at "Yui" and "Suga". The second floor of the hot spring inn Yunoyado is high. Let's jump in from that balustrade, ... my wife will not return, my wife will not return, my wife will not return. , And let the feathers flutter the ceiling. 』\
"A man" is white when he sees a dream "dream" that the soul of a woman "Nana" has become a time bird "hotojisu". Wrap it in a blanket, wrap it in a blanket, and take it with a bloody eye. "Mi" 』\
After laughing and laughing, the castle tower "Tenshiyu" disappeared to "Hau", and then "After" became a brilliant "Satsu / \" and a wind "Kaze". ..
However, when the sky of Tabatano's sky is separated by the edge of the mountain, the clouds swell in the darkness. Go to the street. The spirit of that "Kehahi" eventually arrived at "Uhe" on the "Mune" of the castle tower "Tenshiyu" that I saw in the daytime. , There was a terrible sound, and the old man, Raujin, sank on his feet, under the eyes. Around the middle of the four-handed net, the sound of a sloppy thing falling. The water was formed into a ring, and the satsu and the net were embarked on the sea, and the castle tower was opened in the exhibition. Until the shadow of Yu can be seen on the wall, and the wall can be seen, the area around Mie is surrounded by the treetops of the tree. While being "Kako", it clearly appeared as "Yes / \" and "Depression".
Through the mysterious "mystery" and the wall "wall" of the castle tower "so", the light "hi" was lit in the middle "inside", and the fish "u" The shape of the yellow "Kiiro" and "Akari" are open from the "Ahi" between the Yama "Yazama" to the deep "Fuka" place. I wonder if the eyes of the net "Ami" are reflected in the "Yellow", and the hall "Hiroma", which is only about 50 tatami mats, is the bottom of the water. From there to the surface of the water, you can see it moving in a fluffy manner, hanging on a slanted surface.
There is nothing else in the others, and no one is there. Light "Akari" Yui "Ta" One "People" Yes "A". The light of that "Akari" shoots lightly from the back "Senaka" and sees through the "Matsushiro" milk "Chie". The area around the obi is made of light blue water, and the water is flowing with Yura / \. The shape of the sash is cut from the body with the shadow of the light, and the chest is rebelled. A beautiful woman with a beautiful face, with her face turned upside down.
At the place, when I say "shadow" that is reflected on the water "mizu", I "wow" look into the image "mokage". I think that the face of Kaho can be seen as soon as it faces the swamp, and the lid is different. --Black hair "Kurokami" goes to the shore "Kishi", legs "Ashi" goes to the other side "Kanata", and "Muka" Funo shore "Migiha" casts a shadow "Kage". A shape that looks upside down. If you look at it as Tsuku / ″ \, it will be miserable, and the voice with no shape will be spoken, and the head will be tatami mats. Separated from the top of the tatami mat, the skirt stayed on the beam, and instead of staying on the beam, it fell from the top to the upside down. Fishing "vine" and "a" ...
The body and body are in agony, the water is swaying, or the trap / \ and the figure are fighting. A black drop of "Matsukuro" fell from the ceiling of "Kage", and it was hung on its limbs. The hair of that "so" is transmitted, and the length of the hair is long, and the hair is dropped to the bottom / \. Then, I wondered if the fish would swim in the ridges and ridges of the fish. It seems that the snake is a snake, and even a beam is attached to a nest.
Suddenly, the throat / \ and the wildcat crawl around the knees. It seems that the dolphins come from the bottom of the ladder to the top, and the dolphins are fluttering. The shadow priest, Kagebofushi, is a fox. .. Some of them fly up when they are good, some of them walk around / \ and some of them walk around, and some of them stretch their torso and stretch their torso. You can also see that it comes out from Zama and comes out, and it is made up of a sword in the ridge of the castle tower.
Occasionally, 《Time / ″ \》 palm / \ and crow 《crow》 came out, and with wings 《wings》, the woman 《breast》 was struck.
The eyes that look in the middle are also scary, and the one that is terrifying is-a brown beast and a white spotted beast. Hold the tatami mat with the ladder of the castle tower, the ladder, and the hoof with the hoof. The shadow priest, Kagebofushi, who stood up like a human being, passed the hooves over the woman to the side. Then, the figure was hidden, and the appearance of the hooves and the blue hooves, and the glimpse of the white toes. When the remaining "saws" were left, I thought that the beasts had disappeared and disappeared. Suddenly, the chest was projected. The shadow that was depressed was rippling, and the water that had the hair in it was moving ...
"Omi is the spectacle of his wife, Niyoubau." ”And the shaved“ Bauzu ”opened the large“ Ohoki ”palm to the“ Mahe ”in front of my“ I ”face“ Kaho ”. It was. "
[# 5 indentation] [# heading] 誂 "Atsura" things "things" [# end of heading]
[# 9 indentation] Twenty-five [# "Twenty-five" is the middle heading]
"I took a breath and retired," said Yukie, who continued to speak.
"... Not from the inside of the water, not from the sky, but from the sky, the ghosts are finely erased. With the voice of a young woman, she said that she called her priesthood.
Then, since 100 years of "Hiyakunen", "Ira" has lived in the castle tower "Tenshiyu". Now, I'm going to see the pain of the soul, and I'm going to receive the pain ... What's the taste of this? 》 To the hot springs 《Nensen》 to the husband 《Tsuto》 who is now staying in the hot springs 《Tsuto》, and the momentary 《Sunji》 to the human world 《Fast》 I want to be helped by the human being. In the rescue, the owner of the castle tower, Aruji, is satisfied with the wood carving, which makes him a substitute for himself. The statue of "Kibori" is carved with the hand of her husband "Tsuto" and compensated for by "Tsukuna". Other than that, there is no way to help other people ...
"People in the capital Miyako, Yui" I "I" say from the mouth "I" The lid does not mean that "too much" is true. .. ...... The woman of the sacrifice, the woman, and the husband, who has just made a request, have a heart. I'm suspicious of it ... Now I'm saying "the sign" of that "so", and the color "color" has faded, but it's cute. When you move your lips and move your lips, you will find some white teeth that are sacrificed. I saw one black spot in the eyes of the white fish, "Me", and "Pochi / \" ... I was disciplined from my mouth. If you look behind you, you will be moved by your fingers. Zu ... Ah, it's painful. When the whole body is shaken, the small mouth is cut, the song is distorted, and the song is opened. The shadow disappeared after being disturbed by the water. There is a thing that suddenly makes a sound and falls to the top of the footsteps Ajiro, and falls from the sky with a grouper ... When I picked it up in my hand, it was cold like a hail, but it wasn't erased or solved, and it was broken. There was a mortise left on the sleeve.
This is the "sign". 』\
And I opened the palm of my palm and shook it with my husband and wife, and I couldn't forget it, Sugoroku. Then, the couple, Fufu, bet on the existence or nonexistence of Mirai in the future, so I thought I would buy it, and I bought it.
"People in the capital Miyako,"
And the shaved "Bauzu" again "again", "new",
I wonder if "Onmi" will perform wood carving "Kibori". 』\
"I'll do it!" 』\
When I went to Kota, I thought that I would be revived. The water, the white, the night, the night, the light, the light, the torch, the whereabouts of the ura, the whereabouts of the ura, and the whereabouts of the ura. I also found out where I was, and I abandoned it as a waste of water at the place where I searched for it with straw shoes and torches. You can also wear "Give up" ... In addition to that, you can also use "Shiyudan" as a means to recover your wife "Nyobau" from the hands of the demon "Mamono". "did it. It is said that I should make a statue of "Migahari" in my hand. It's not possible to dare to pile up golden kogane and destroy the mountain, and to sneak a life, so in the future The light "Kuwaumei" is shining, and the heart "Kokoro" is the first step of "Suku" and "Michi" to save the culvert "Ha" and "Akira". I was able to trace it by following the Daiitsupo.
Open the grass, open the grass, and climb up to the castle tower. The road that climbs up is also a straight line, the castle, the castle, and the water of the swamp. After irrigating Mizu, you can see it moving from the footsteps of Ashimoto, sprinkling Noyama on it.
I'm my wife, I'm a wife, I'm a kid, I'm a kid, my body is a flesh, and I'm an intestine. I refused. Inferior to Ahikura. To endure, for a while, shave the bones in the production, irrigate the blood, and ... the pain of that. Compensate for "Kutsuu", "Tsukuna", and "Jiyau" ga | Swamp "Numa", meditate "Meimoku", look back "Furikahe", castle tower I swore with my high hands in the sky of the castle tower.
At that time, it was said that Ura opened his lips and dropped it into the hand of the monk So. He contained the sword of the wild boar's fang, Kiba, in his mouth. However, I thought that I was touched by the tip of the same tongue, and suddenly I squeezed the blood and squeezed it out. The tears of the fire, Namida, and the tongue fell into my hand. When I forgot the palm of that "Tanagoro" and squeezed my heart "Kokoro" and squeezed it, the flower "was" The circle of "na" was swirled, and the "kiyo" of the production of "seisaku" was born. ――It's closed, it's open again, it's open, it's the key to the fan, Kaname, and it's a bone, if it's a bone, it's a muscle. If there is, the hands will move, the legs will grow, and the wind will grow. The image of the wooden carving "Kibori" made by "Wa" is alive and moving, and while I am "I", I am a mother-in-law. It's fun. By the way, the key point of that was ... a sword that was held in the hand.
The statue of the beautiful woman "Ritsuzau" made by "Wa" is the one that the heavens "remember" and do "I". Then, wrap the sword in the palm of that palm, and put the mystery of the work Saku in the chest. The word "I" is nothing, the image of "So", and the appearance of "So" are the castle tower of the old castle "Kojiya". At the same time as Sato, the most regrettable wife, Tsuma, who became a prisoner and became a prisoner, was suddenly enlightened as Kuwatsuzen. In addition, the arm has the power to take the ax, and the power has a cage, and the finger and the finger have a chisel only. 》 Move with nature 《alone》 as a slap-time 《time》 Naruya 《kana》, adorned on the head 《arms》 of the work 《saku》, like 《goto》, clouds After defeating the "spider", "Kira / \" and the star "Hoshino" were projected.
Flying under the star "Hoshi" and returning to "Kahe", at the hot spring "Ideyu" inn "Yado", early "ha" and preparation "Jiyunbi", and feet. The flow of the "Tanigaha", which was separated from the farthest "toho" when the "foot" floated, washed the whetstone "toishi". "Oh" and "Hiki" are transmitted to "Tsuta".
[# 9 indentation] 26 [# "26" is the middle heading]
However, when I did it, I carved it into my heart and made it into my imagination. The statues that were made for "Mokei" stand slenderly on the swamp edge, like the snow "Yuki" of a group of "Ichidan". .. I think I should stretch my hands, I think I should stretch my hair, I should cover my milk, I think I should cover my hair, I should cover my hair. 》 Hi, I thought that my hair should be disturbed, and I thought that it should be disturbed, and I thought that it should be tied up, and I thought that it should be tied up. -Now, I'm going to put on my clothes, and I'm going to put on my hair.
Predicting the workmanship of the work, "Hana", Kaoru, "Kahori", "Flittering", "Hikari", and so on. The illusion of this statue of "Tezau" that was exposed to the dew on "Nzen" was taken by the devil "Akuma" in his hand and the obi "Obi". I tried to solve the clothes, but I didn't get it, and even if I was tied up, I was worried. First of all, I couldn't burn the fire, and I couldn't drown in the water.
See / \, while the same illusion is illusory, the shadow of this is transmitted from the mouth of the priest's priesthood. Una, it's not a delicate, pitiful thing that is caught by a beam "upside down" and "hanging". It stands straight, straight, and beautiful. Ah, a ball-like "goto" shoulder, a willow-like "goto" black hair "Kurokami", a white lily "goto" chest "mune" Forgetting ecstasy and me, the great power of power is created by me in my hands. Get the honorable mention of this work, and do the energy of the good master, and take a short time. In order to devote himself to "Jikan", "Shika" also pays off the effort of "So", and the amount of reward "Hashiu" should be paid. Because of the enormous amount of sickness, he robs his lover, Kohibito, who is the most regrettable for life, to a temporary kari. Therefore, there is no difference between the hostages that meet the conditions that should be exchanged and the hostages that should be exchanged.
Cowardly "Hikeu" Naruya "Kana", Land Gion "Tochi no Kami", ... Actually "Makoto" produced by Yukie "Seisaku" beauty "Bijin" is sought. It's supposed to be a request for a thicker bow. If you are suffering from the price of that, give a ball, give a ball, and give a noh ore. Let's go, Noh is missing Ihaho, and it's coming. Fold the Katsura wig of one branch and pick the flower of Ichirin. The art of resigning from Kumo Xi's wife, Tsuma, and evading me "All" mustard. ...... Thou shame, here, here, in the place, in the shadow of the work "Sakuhin", the shadow of the work "Ara", the illusion of this "Imagination" In contrast to the appearance of "Suga", I'm ashamed of the "Rei" and "No" of that "So" ...
Looking from behind, I was enthusiastic, I was enthusiastic, I was holding my arm, and I was staring at the void. That's it. On the waist, you should cut the dark night "Anya" and make it a beautiful woman of the wooden statue "Mokuzau". With the treasure sword "Houtou", the power of "So" is used to step on the legs "Ashi", and the chest "Mune" is rebelled. I got it.
"I'm not really serious, but I'm suffering from the pain of a serious blame in the world, my wife. When I listened to the message of "Yobau", I was different from "Kuwatsu" and "Na". "
I and I were intoxicated with the imagination, and through the back of the beaded ball that was fascinated by the ball. Then, the black "Kuromo" of the shaved "Bauzu" is reflected, and the "depression" of the castle tower "Tenshiyu" in the water "Mizu". The figure of that "so" that was caught by the "bari" was attacked by the beast "kemono", and the "mokage" of that "so" was clearly seen. I saw it as "Yes / \". In the shape of a miserable "Muzan", the beautiful things that seemed to be wiped out were erased.
"Call" yo, call "yo" buwa. 』\
The voice of the swordsman, Bauzu.
"Oh / \,"
"Customer" Kiyakusama ", Customer" Kiyakusama ". 』\
Screaming, Haruka, and a weak lightning bolt, Inazuma, ran in the middle of the night, and the lantern, Chiyachin, lit. 》 Is dotted with 《Potsu / \》 lanterns 《Nahate》 ※ [# “彳 + sheep”, 3rd level 1-84-32] * [# “彳 + 淌 Maker”, 3rd level 1- 84-33] "Wandering" Fu.
"Customer" Kiyakusama ". 』\
"My husband,"
"My wife, Okugata-sama." 』\
Ah, again, I'm going to put my wife, Okugata-sama, on ... To the surplus, Amatsusa, now I'm thinking about it, and my ears are clear. If you listen to it, I will not hear the sound of the Kane Taiko drum at this time, even from my own Mizu. I'm also sending "now" to "Dozoku" ... How to search for something that has been struck by Tengu "Tengu", that way "Toho" When you go to the main place, when you leave the inn of the hot springs. I don't know where I'm going through where I'm going to come to the castle, and I'm wondering if I've come to the swamp.
"Call your body, yo, hey, leave, it's easy. ] And the shaved "Bauzu" expanded the palm of "again" and "so". I paid a profile "Yokogaho" to this "Afuri", and thought "Hara" was sick, and made it a "Yoro / \", but it was a hallucination. It seems that it is not the one that the shaved "Bauzu" deliberately "sales", which is caused by the fatigue "hirou" that awakens from the hallucination "genkaku".
"Omi" is not allowed to forget the words of "Nagi". 』\
"I can't forget. 』\
I rushed to answer "Kota" as "Funzen". In response to the demon god "Kijin" in the existing "Side", against the artist "Geiji Yutsuka", the language "Gengo" and the behavior of the shaved "Bauzu" Because I was wondering what I was doing, I wasn't sure what to do with it. By the way, take the three stars, the four stars, the bright stars, and the stars, and decorate the forehead with the forehead. The spirit group "Ikigumi". When you raise your back, step on your feet, and leave the shore of the swamp, you will be able to stand up to your feet. The shadow of the swordsman, the sword of the sword, is covered from behind by the sword, and the shape of the sword is large. I saw it as a "shape".
[# 9 indentation] 27 [# "27" is the middle heading]
On the way back from the castle "Jiyauga" | swamp "Numa" to "Hikika" after the hot spring "Ideyu" inn "Yado", "Tochiyuu" feels like It should be the first time to go straight to the sword, and the hands should be already in the hands. Work toward "Muka" ... Work ... Ride on the cloud of "Kankiyo" that is impressed by the new "New" business "Jigefu". The arm "Kahina" became a wing, and it flew under the star "Hoshino", and it felt like a "go".
A line of people who went out to search for the place where they hit the place where they were hit by the emotions until they were in a hurry. I met a group of people, Chihachinin, and I met a group of lanterns wearing a fixed crest, Jiyaumon. If you can see only three "mitsu" in "middle" and the collapse of "nebutsukau" in the memorial service, you can see the ordinary "jinjiyau" outing "tohode" inn. It can be seen as a pull, but it is actually easy for Hatagoya to take it, but it is not easy to do. -The couple who stayed in Karisome for the first time, but the woman, Nana, couldn't know whether she was alive or dead, or Yukue, and she was a man. Because of that, it is almost in the form of a frenzy, and it is lost at night and day. Walking ...
Unscrupulous "Fumen Moku" Yue, notify the national license "Kumomoto" "Tsuuchi" is useless "Muyo", and the person "Taunin" is a firm "Kuta".ゝ, Yui 《Yes》, of course 《Sa》, and I can't just stay at Hatagoya 《Hatagoya》.
Then, I saw that I hit the telegram "Denpau" only with the understanding of the inn "Yado", and I met there "Ichigun". Among them, there are two relatives of Ura, Shinru, who are also in contact with each other. It seems that the police officers, such as Jiyunsa, have the same purpose as Mokuki, and are heading for another direction, Haumen.
The ridges were met by Azemichi, and everyone was screaming. Among them, there are some of the relatives who came on a business trip from Tokyo, or "Aruhi" for comfort. "Aruhi" encourages "baldness", and "words" of various "colors / \" such as "again" and "immediateness" are used continuously * [# " "Mouth + Ditch", U + 5635, 135-15] The tongue "Shiyabe", but I couldn't enter the ear "Mie" from the head "Atama" ... When I entered "Roji", I ran into a hata and a board wall "Itabei", and I was able to "get along" with a stick, and "na" was born. Suddenly, I opened the palm of one hand, and sewed it, and squeezed it out in front of them. Most of the time, the sagicho thought that he had done the same thing for himself, and that he had done the same thing. He acted unconsciously and acted as "Furumahi". All of them were surprised by the surprise of Ichidou, and all of them retired as "everyone" / \.
The arm that should have a chisel, a chisel, and a chisel, once returns the palm. 》 And overwhelm a large number of 《Tasei》 to overthrow the shogunate. However, I thought about it, and leaked the meaning of "jitoku" to the high-pitched voice "takagoe". / \ ”And laughs“ straw ”.
"Gokurau", "Gokurau", "Gokurau", "Makoto", a broken bone, "Gohoneri", and everyone "Ahisu". However, it is the most worrying thing. ――Listen to me, the wisdom of the Gyoe Yukue, my wife, who wasn't there, now knows where it is. 》 ...... Nani, is it safe? It's not safe. You can see it and know it. It's a delicate woman, but Shika is also the quality of Kamayanagi. Even if you stumble on a little bit, you will be injured, but you can erase it in the mountain where you can't know the direction. Isn't there a "Hazu" that should have been safely hidden in the "Kike"?
It wasn't a safe decision. Peel off the claws of the so, squeeze the blood, and squeeze the meat * [# "Tehen + Bone", 4th Level 2-78-12] Shave the bones of the bones, and receive the great pain of the sword. I'm caught by the fish. ………………… ”
There was a battle with him, but he immediately shook his shoulder.
"Where are you?" What is it, where is the location of Ura, where is it? No, I don't know if you talk about it to you. The bottom of the water "there", the treetop "kozue", the clouds "the inside" of the clouds, ... that's the minute "waka" He said he didn't know what he was doing, and of course he didn't know what he was doing!
I have a sword and a sword in my sword. The position, the direction, and the direction are left, and the knowledge is known. I know nothing about the rest. However, when it comes to talking about it, go to it, go to the rescue, shake the torch, and the voice of the whale wave, Koe. It's no good at the place where it's noisy.
No matter who "sauce" went, no matter who "what" was noisy, he couldn't save him.
Oh! You guys can also imagine it roughly, or you can do it, or the ura is struck by the devil, and the tengu grabs it. I'm gonna grab it ... I'm afraid I'm sick. …… But I, this, is the work of Tochinokami, the god of the earth, and the main thing. Whether it's a demon, a god, or a tengu, what was the purpose of kidnapping the back? I don't know the meaning of "Imi", but I don't know about you.
The one who knows this alone is me. Therefore, it is impossible to save this "this" unless it is "again" my "my yes". However, the way that "Shika" also connects him to "Kahe" is the same as Ding "Chiyan". .. It is Yui's patience for a while. No / \, it's not enough for your ass to be patient. It is Ura who is patient, and Nana who is a poor woman. Please be patient, Ura, and your arms are sure. 』\
Then, he opened his palm and popped out. And everyone "Ichidou" was sick / \ and "again" retired. I was surprised and dropped one leg to the muddy field "Dorota", and ... I made a fluttering sound. ......
"Ki" was wrong. 』\
It's strange. 』\
"It's a real thing. 』…… And whisper" Sasaya "Kiai" A "fu.
[# 5 indentation] [# headline] Shrine << Hokora >> [# end of headline]
[# 9 indentation] 28 [# "28" is the middle heading]
It was crazy, it was strange, and it was said that it was a strange word, and I heard it in my ears at every cut of the word. However, it seems that they hear such a certain thing, such as a ditch, by grabbing a cloud and grabbing it. I hold my hand in my hand, and with my twin eyes, Manako, I see clearly with my eyes. A large number of people searched for Anchiyu in the dark, and clamored for Chiyau, half-han, life, or death. Gaya / \ ”Nothing is so funny that it makes a noise.
"Hah, it's okay, I'm okay, I'm worried, I don't have anything," and-the location of Ura is also saved. The road is also all in the palm of the palm. I'm grabbed by my yes. The point is that you have to wait for the time to open the hand of this one that you just grabbed. ――It's impossible to say "now" open "open" now. Yui, not open, open and return to the palm of Ura, no, no / \ statue's fist Put it in your fist. 』\
And, more and more, I've become more and more confused with myself. This one is frustrating as long as it sticks to the other side. Words "I" Heba words "I" The branches and leaves are thick, the roads are "Waka", the valleys are deep, and the fields are "Fuka". The road is wide, the mountain is high, the clouds are spiders, and the haze is haze. As a result, the end is burnt, and the sky is hit.
"Everyone, this is it. 』\
From the high place to the fist, in the fist, I grabbed the cloud and grabbed it. There is no such thing as "no".
"... It doesn't matter if it's a madman" or "whatever". My own life saves my wife, and my own mistakes make a mistake. I'll take care of everything. Please do whatever I want to do for you. ......
At the place, I can save Ura as a way to go, and the first step I should take is anywhere. Yes, it's a matter of searching for a small house. A small house "Koya" is acceptable, Tsujido "Tsujidau", a shrine "Hokora" is also acceptable. Akiya is the only hope.
What is the place where Ura is located? ... The place where Ura is located. The story is different in the place where the story is. I'm looking for an empty house, and I'm looking for it, and I'm in there. Yes. ――I don't have a family. …… Eh, I can't do it unless I'm calm and listen.
It's okay, I need this, but at least it's limited to the empty house Akiya ... Yes, people? Is there a small house without a person's residence? If there is, go there. From now on, I will go straight to the foot with this foot. ――Return to the inn "Yado" and settle down "Hitoma" one by one. ‥ …… A carefree thing. Calm down and consult with Saudan? ‥ …… I'm going to talk about what's on top of this. To save Ura, he fights for a moment, and he spares a second. Immediately, "Satsusoku" Now, a small house "Koya" without a person "Human", Tsujido "Tsujidau", a shrine "Hokora", anything "Kama" Han, there Go to "there" and "Yu". I will go straight to work. However, no one can come, no one can come, and no one can come with him. When it was completed, I would like to say hello to Ura and one place, and to all of them, with my eyes on my eyes. Give a greeting.
However, if you don't believe in the word "I" and think that it is uneasy to leave it to me, "Mainly", the lantern A number of torches are cultivated on the lanterns on the lanterns, and a lantern is built with the lanterns brought by the lanterns. Then, blow a lantern and search for it, which is selfish. 』\
And ridiculed "bruises" and "again" ahaaha lol "straw". No, it ’s a little bad for you ……
"Oh, Tengu-sama was a transferee. 』\
"It's a danbe that crashed into the mage. 』\
I heard him secretly saying "I".
However, most of all, I don't care about such things. Don't let your eyes hang on humans, such as "Ningen", and use "inside" as an arrow in the dark, and "there" trees there. I looked at it. The ticks, the branches, the trunks, and the eyes are shining light ... This is also in front of you, the devil. You can see it through your heart, like the behavior of "Kiyodo".
However, the thing that I said was that no one was daring to stay in the deep cut of the "Ikihohi" because of the force of that "Ikihohi". There is nothing that I'm trying to get rid of, but ... with that "So", I went back to the hot spring inn "Kahe" with Zoro / \. On the way, I pulled the ridge "Nahate" to one side "Hitsuko", and went to a certain shrine "Hokora" in the forest "Mori". It's a sending "Okuriko" ... and rather than a "I" Fuyori, it's a Zuka / \ stepping "Fumiko". After that, the heels came, and the culverts and other foxes stayed outside the fox lattice.
Take one lantern, Chiyauchi, and take it to the front of the floor, which has only three steps, Kizahashi. As if to control, expand the major lanterns,
"Come on, everyone, go home. Then, go to the inn, "Yadoya", and bring me a large bag of "others". "Mora" Yes. --In the middle, there is a tool called "Daugu" that is necessary for all work "work". ...... I'm the most, I'm in that tatami room, and I'm in the tatami room. Shinobu bottle to see "ironing". ...... He hangs on the monster's hand, and while he is in agony, he starts with the obi and removes it. Because I'm going to look at Raru's eyes in front of me. 』\
One of the relatives, Ichinin, and the man who wore Inverness, stood in front of Matsusaki, and all returned with / \. "Kahe". ...... The shadow of that "Kage" comes out under the hood, in front of the shrine "Hokora", in front of the "Snake", and in the fallen "Taf" or "Ki". There were two, three, and three shrines on the torii gate, when it was, when it was, and when it was, and the rest of the shimenawa. Then, I saw it in a slender and hanging snake ...
[# 9 indentation] 29 [# "29" is the middle heading]
It ’s interesting. If that is the ceiling, and if it is a fluffy rope, then underneath it, the pillar that stands upright is straight. The figure of Guniura is formed into a pillar ... To take the statue and use it as a material to engrave the statue. Let's do it. Torii is a katakana, saying that he grinds it with a saw and pulls out only the statue of a woman, Ritsuzau. In front of the shrine "Hokora", from the exit "Deguchi" of the forest "Mori", the rice field "Tambo", the ridge "Nahate", Peek into the mountains and stand up.
To the inside of the pillar of the torii gate of the torii, which is the most depressive, the woman's The figure is transparent and reflected in the image ... The wood grain is entwined with the skin of the water.
"My husband, my husband, I've got my luggage, I've got it," well, I've done something in the darkness. I'll do it. 』\
I see, the lantern "Chiyachin" that was placed on the fox lattice "Kitsunegaushi" was always forever without the candles "Rafusaku" being extinguished. I don't live. ...... When Ki wears it, he drops his hips on the board and throws his legs on the steps. I was there.
It was the woodcutter's Gonshichi who brought the bag on his back, and this man was the ura. At that time, when I lost sight of "Ura", I went to "Tauji", Ka / \ Castle toe "Shiroato" * [# "彳 + sheep", 3rd level 1-84-32] * [# "彳" ＋ Lumberjack making ”, 3rd level 1-84-33] After being connected to the inn“ Yado ”, the 《Wandering》 came out 《Chiyo / \》. The shadow is exposed to the lumberjack of the memory. Except for this and the blue ghost of Kurobauzu, the black priest of the castle, and the castle, who is the ghost? The face of "Tare" was also clearly "hatsuki" and "remembered".
Let's make a point of "Tomiyau". In the Western light "Rampu", the body of the husband "Danna-sama" is dangerous, and it is said that it is dangerous. I prepared "Kaharake" and went to "Mee". Addition "Otsutsu" and bedding "Nedaugu" are also lucky. Let's calm down and take a rest. ...... We, "Washira," are also "again," and without being alert, "Okusama," the escort of his wife, "Yukue," is searching for it. Don't rush "Kuru". 』\
With a point of "toshin", a thin edge "slip" is extended to "uhe" on the board, or a blanket "ketsuto". 》 Lay 《Shi》 ……
"Because I was asked to do it, I often visit / \ look around. If you have something to do, just give it a try. 』\
And behind me, I searched for it with my heels, put on sandals, and went down the platform. Heel and go.
"Wait, wait. ”, And then came out, and played a torii / \ and stroked it.
"All the villages ask for a word to" Muraichido ". One of the pillars of this "Hashira" is the top of "Whenpon" ... It's the torii of this "Ko". ...... After that, I'll build as many as I want, so it's just a word. 』\
"Yes, ... well, my husband," Dannagata, "who was a mess from Tokyo, also consulted with the intention of" So ". Until the wisdom of the wife's whereabouts is known, whatever you do, it's the opposite of what you're doing. Hey, I'll just say "I", and I'll give it to you as soon as I like it. However, what is the wooden pillar of the torii gate, Kibashira? 』\
"It's a beautiful woman who creates a statue by carving this", it's beautiful, and it's a beautiful Benzaiten-sama. Don't be surprised to see it and send it to you. 』\
And that "so"'s stupid face "gaho" is patted with the palm "palm". And here, one person sent to this place by himself, and the more he came, the more sexually rooted he was, the more he was, and suddenly he was quick. It's also a sword, but it covers the eyes and turns away from the front.
"I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. 』\
Tonoso / \ Return to Kahe ... Yahari Rioura was kidnapped, so he said that he had a different mind. It seems to be "main". No, because it's this, it's annoying for humans to come!
"... But after that, I came to the shrine, Hokora, and the meal of Sando three times, the fire, the water, and the water. It was the man who delivered the meal, and when it was time, it was 2 o'clock and 3 o'clock. I'm in the room, and I'm ripe, and I'm looking at the work of me, and I'm in the office. I don't even have a mouth, but I'm in the way. I don't know.
So, the help of the lower work "work" was "A" in the meantime. "
Yukie said, "Anew."
"At the place, I think I'm going to finish it quickly, and I'm gonna grab the rice. Since it works with the force of swallowing with water and the eyes set up, most of the day and time are spent. There is no distinction between "hot" and "chiuya" day and night .... The first work of "Zau", a statue of a woman "Nana", is still limbs. It wasn't possible to do it, but it has an abbreviated "shape" of the face "kaho", and it swells from the chest "mune" to the dovetail "mizuochi". When it was fluffy, it was made of wood, and milk was doubled on it, and it was engraved with the eyes, nose, and mouth. When >> ……
"How is it, it's a big thing," he said with "Isa" or "Tokui". Ding, Iai, Gonshichi's face, Kaho, and his eyes raised, and he looked at him ... ... The black "black" of the dark color "color" burned on the sun "hi" is also "again" terrifyingly black "matsukuro", and the forehead "hitahi" comes out. Then, the lips are long, and the eyes are hollow, and the eyes are shiny / \. Light, fluffy, fluffy, fluffy, and panting. ......
[# 5 indentation] [# Large heading] Go to "Tomozo" [# End of large heading]
[# 9 indentation] Thirty [# "30" is the middle heading]
No, the smell of the breath of that, the odor of the thing, the thing ... to the surplus, not standing or sitting, but the middle waist. Knees of Yamatoko, a mountain man who was struck by Yugoshi, broke his knees. Only the 肱 "Hiji" with his arms folded "Udegumi" is attached to his chest "Mune", and the sleeves of Nunoko "Nunoko". The source of the sword is squeezed, and both of them are squeezed to the sword, and the place where the knee is struck is the wing of the wing.
"Gonshichi" I don't know! A small tengu came from the castle tower to the guard, Miha. 』\
I thought, "mainly" should stand up, and "done" or "done", I looked into the statue "zau", and the corner "one" was flattened "open" nose "koba" Na, squeeze, squeeze, squishy, ​​squishy, ​​squishy, ​​squirrel, squirrel, squirrel, squirrel, squirrel, squirrel Sama "Kezama", one "People" crushing and shaking "Furu" Suddenly, I think that the face "Men" was defeated "Upside down" to "Main".
The eyeball of the statue 《Teuzau》 was stabbed with a stab.
There is one black bird, Tori, which is as big as a crow, and a ceiling full of worm-eaten worms. "Yau" is crowed and crowed, and the fox lattice "Kitsunegaushi" pops out.
The eyes were squeezed, and the half body was slaughtered, but the same thing was done, because of this. , The first work "Saku" was returned to "Fuyo".
...... As a mere "Ta" and "Bauzen" in the manner of "Ama", the fruit "Hate" shed tears "Namida", but no / \ The unfinished product "Miseihin", which is shaped like a tear, is half the shape of the "shape", and the "haya" spider where "where" It seems that I was dissatisfied with the fact that I was greedy for the work, and that I was dissatisfied with it. -If you look at "Hitomi", who has one "person" left behind, "Hitomi", you will not have more emotional "Yado" than that "it" of Ura. The dew is also a belt, but ... even if the limbs are already crushed with an ax , There should be no complaints about "Ahite" as a demon god "Kijin". Before the power is tilted and exhausted, the shortcomings of the pre-existing "Ara-kaji" and the "Ketsuten" are instructed, and a thought is given. It was the mercy of Ning and the mercy that made him abandon the unskilled Miren ...
Then, I started to cut down the wood "Mokuzai" and carved the second "Daini" statue. However, the persecution against the work of this work was not a single person. A cat comes and steps on it, and a mouse bites it. If you wake up to sleep with Toro / \, a dog will come and you will be with a collar / \ and a snake. The snake is rolled up, and now the hole is out, and the housekeeper, Yamori, who seems to be coming out, comes and puts the dog vertically on the nose. It hits the vertical ... Eventually, it attacks the body of the author, Sakushiya, and shakes his hand, and takes the neck and neck. Then I pulled down, I couldn't know who I was, and I screamed with Kichi / \ and sneaked under my armpit.
He hung his life on the miserable "Muzan" and the "inside" of it, and gradually adjusted the "guy" and the five nipples to "to". However, the finger "Yubi" is broken, the nipple "Chibi" is missing, and the ear "Mie" is * [# "Tehen + Inferior", 3rd level 1-84-77] << Also, this is when I smashed my nipples into my hands, and when I shook the ax of that nipple, Saku / \ The nipples of the nipples are terrifying, with the sound of tearing the bones, and the terrible folds of Hidayama. It echoed in the nipples of Yama.
After that night, I lost my righteousness for a while, but I didn't know the time and returned to me. Then, I started to make the third "Daisanbanme" ... at the time, in front of the shrine "Hokora", the torii gate "Tori".ゐ is knocked down, and the decaying rope is cut off with a sword / \, and there is no trace. ......
And this time, "Kondo" was completed. Then, in front of the main hall, "Hondau", there is no support, "Oh", and the inner end "Uchiha" is assembled with meat. The balance of the knees, knees, and shins of the frost, and the balance of the knees and shins. I could see the white sword, like the frost and the frost, on the sword's sword. ...... Opens the door "Tobira", and there is no legend "Densetsu", no luck "Engi", no history "Yuiyo", no one "When" style "Furiu" goddess I suspected that the dew was exposed as the goddess of Yoshin / \, and the song was removed, and the old coins left on the shelf of the side of the door were left. In contrast to the fact that it stood on the diagonal of the door, there was no color that should be dared to be angry.
When I saw it on Gonshichi, who came from the occasion, I changed the color to a strange one, and sharpened my mouth. He made him look, and made his eyes light and looked at him, but his face did not become a crow, and he did not. ...... The legs do not become Kuchiki, and the sleeves do not become wings.
At that point, I carried myself on my back, and became a hug, and the statue of that was on the castle toe. Luck to the castle tower. ...... On the way, I thought that the cover "Ohohi" would be used as a beam to avoid the dust of "Tochiyu", and the change of clothes of "Ura" would be considered. Then, I sent Gonshichi to the hot spring inn, and sent it to the hot spring inn.
Later, after putting the cage in this shrine, I went out from the Ahida or Torii for a few days. No, he stretched his body and shook a major "Ohode" and went out from the ridge to the ridge "Nahate". Toho, a castle that isn't far from Sa, a castle that isn't a ghost, and a swamp, to the direction of Numa. I was walking with / \, but I left the residence "Suma" and took a walk there, "Sanpo" ... The house of the shrine "Hokora" There is a ura in the area, and he is a resident, and he is also doing needlework under the light for me. It feels comfortable and comfortable. ...... It's a sloppy thing that you don't have a thin cane.
The wind is also fluffy / \ and the branch of the tree is tickled, and the jar is laughing. Although it is the same as "Naka" in "", the night of "Yamaguni" in the mountainous country "Yo" is hazy.
[# 9 indentation] 31 [# "31" is the middle heading]
Tato Heba Castle Jiyauga | Swamp Numa is turned inside out, and the night is filled with the sky. I was confused because I was asleep, and the hilling fertilizer, Tsuki, was not reflected in the water of the rice field, but the mountain. The appearance of "Yama" doesn't look like it's shining ... It's said that it's true, but it's hidden in the pine tree of Namiki, and it's a valley. Don't drop it on the bottom of the "Tani", but in a place where there is no stool "news", put the earthen color "Kahara Keiro" and ridge "Nahate". Even though the ridges and ridges are bright and bright, the sticky, warm and warm small rainstorm "Konukaame" is on the moon "Uhe". Not from the bottom, not from the bottom, it comes with a stubbornness, and it can be erased with unevenness / \ and on the way with Tochiyu ... and the hair and the clothes are also kimono. Don't get wet, it's moist. However, even if you stroke it with your hand and see it, you will not be able to see the drops. ――It's not raining, but the moon yawning and breathing ... That night, otters It is said that it will be yawned, but it is not suitable for the mountainous country Yamaguni. Iwana became a priest and became a shaven, and followed the preaching of the forbidden killing "Setsushiya Ukindan" to the Nembutsu singing "Tona". 》 Don't you think? ......
On the way to the place, while walking, tochiyuu, and each person, what is the encounter, but the encounter is a wildcat, even if it is a wildcat. Even in the wildcat, everyone saw the appearance of the shaved "bauzu" and thought "mainly".
Kon / \ and the fox were screaming. ...... The voice of the dog "Inu" is not "Ko". It's just a pine tree, and it's a shadow, and it's a pine tree, and it's a pine tree.
Even though he was screaming, he leaned his ears and listened to the insects, and stopped. When I say "Immediately", I say "what".
"Kon Kwai, Kwai, come" come, come "ko". 』And scream.
"Come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come Scarecrow.
In the middle of hearing, from the shadow of the ridge, the legs of bamboo on the straw bunch, which stood up with a good luck. There is a thin farewell to the toes. ...... Before being blown by the 凩 "Kogarashi", the snow "Yuki" of the snow country "Yukiguni" suddenly came to "Fui", and that "So" In the winter, "Uchi", which was left behind without being "takitsuki", was submerged in a pure white "Matsushiro" bed. Then, after spending a lot of time with Tachimi, I was sitting in a cat with a grass pillow, this is Hidayama's plan Yamako. It is.
This "Oyaji", the parent of this "Oyaji", the hair of the broken "Mino" is hung down, and the chick and the chick move with a squeezed body. Come and come to the trunk of the pine tree, Miki, and then stand there and stay there.
"Koi, Scarecrow, Scarecrow, Scarecrow, Scarecrow ..." and the voice of "Rei" are still "na". Call me a scarecrow.
The ridges that were separated from the trivial ridges were transmitted, and the head and head came again, and one person, good / \, came. He leans his head and stays in the same place. And a straightforward "Muscle", one "Nahatesuji", another "Betsu", "One", and "It", but one leg of "Kokizami" When Ponashi and Bamboo are swiftly approached in a hurry.
After this, what's behind is where and where the work surface was done, and the bamboo's Ogasa's umbrella was laid on the side, and the cover was put on the side. It seems to be a small piece, and the umbrella of that "so" is swayed by walking "aruku" and swaying up and down.
Three "Mitsutsu" ... caught a clay bottle "Dobin" from that "Tsubin" and boiled it in a bancha "Bancha". What is it? Also, it comes out.
"Koh / \ / \, suddenly there is a sudden" iso ". 』\
It was divided into left and right "Sai", and "Irimida" was confused in the front and back, but eventually three "Nahate" were seen. It's average.
At that time, from the top of the tree, what, what, and the voice of the bird, Koe,
"Where" Dotsuke "Ego", Where "Dotsuke" Ego "Ku"! 』\
Then, there was a sound of stepping on the branch "Eda". What was it, the beak was long, and the ridge was looking down at Mio.
"It's here. 』\
"Hokora,"
"Go to here." 』\
To chicks, chicks, chicks and walking "Are" ... Scarecrows "Scarecrows" are seconded to the shrine "Hokora" Go to the direction of the road where Yukie came, and hit the scarecrow. It seems that it is not possible to go to the castle by pointing at the muka and throwing yourself into the swamp.
Wait, I don't know what to do, and I say "there", the shrine "Hokora", the voice "koe", and so on. The warm and warm night breeze "Yokaze" was also blurred, but ... When it came back to "Michi", I turned back to "Hikikahe" and walked with a heel / \. Return the heel of the sword.
"Ku, Ku, Ku,"
"n/a,"
"Hahahaha" and the shape "shape" are not fixed, and the shadow priest "Kagebofushi" of the sea cucumber "Namako" of Muya / \ is the leg of Kayako "Kashi". The source is four, five, when, and the sea cucumber / \ and the sea cucumber.
"It seems to be a fox or a dog, and there is something like that and a bird, and the upper one is fluffy / \ and flying. I don't know if that's the case. "
Yukie said to the old man, "I" ...
[# 9 indentation] 32 [# "32" is the middle heading]
"I will never forget, I will go to the hot spring" Yu ", and the couple" Fufu "will pass by the arm car" Car ", and the tree-lined" Namiki ", What is the monster "mamono"? ... It's up to you to do it with the body of that "it was once". "
When I came, I couldn't feel the time, but when I returned to the time, I went back to the time, and after the Scarecrow walked, I started behind. When I saw it, there was a small scarecrow of Ichirizuka on the way, and the pine tree was there, and the treetop was low. A "scarecrow" branch was hung down. On the mound, there is a stone statue of Niyorin, who sits on a stool, leans on it, and wears a cheek stick. It was hot. And his unreliable earthenware color, Kahara Keiro's moon, hangs down and hangs down, and the cheeks of the Buddha's hotoke are struck one by one. In the light of the light, the flower of the tree lotus, Hana, was struck by a shadow that was struck by the cheeks.
In front of that 《Mahe》, in a row 《If you are a person》, hang with Fura / \
If one of the Scarecrows says, "Forgive me,"
"Please forgive me. 』\
And again, one person repeats the same word.
"Forgive me, forgive me." ”And the voice“ Ko ”, and the noisy“ Gaya / \ ”and * [#“ Mouth + 堯 ”, U + 5635, 148-6] I think that the tongue was 《Sayabe》. Mainly >>
"Taigi Jiya"
And rightly, the Nyoirin was upset ...
"Hatsu," suddenly one "one", Ding "chiyau" and stone Takamichi "Ishidakamichi" stone * [# "stone + demon", 4th level 2-82-48] << When a single bamboo of "So" is stepped on "Ishikoro" and "Fumika" is stepped on, "Manaka" makes a sound "Oto" on the legs and legs. , The ride is good, and the height is high, and the chick and the chick are the same. Walk to the length and start walking.
When the human "Ningen" goes out to the front "Mahe", the appearance of "Niiyorin" is changed to Sutsu and Matsukage "Matsukage". I was worshiped in the dark and small.
The rain came a little more frequently.
Scarecrow's umbrella "Mino" just makes a sound with three "Mitsu" Tsutomo Pishiyo / \, but also hates "Middle" and later. The guy who goes from "after", the guy who wears a hat, the body of "Tokui" who is good at "Kasa", the thing / \ and the left and right "Scarecrow" * [# "Eyes + Season", 3rd level 1-88-80] While "Mimaha", go to "Yukute" and "stagger".
It seems that he pointed to the shrine as a result.
Cut to the side, cut to the side, and head for the rice field, Muka, while the fox is on the mountain, and the side is on the side. The middle of the forest, which is divided by the forest of the plexus "Hitomura", is in the middle, and the exhibition "Open" with the fox, and the raw "Hahe" of the grass "Kusa" becomes Oborozuki. , The light that leaks the fox lattice of the shrine "Hokora" in the back of the cloud "mura", and the light rain "Kosame" When I saw the bleeding in the water, I was supposed to be hesitant, and then I turned to that side, and once it became a slanted hokora. The folds are lined up in a row.
At that time, I was hung up on my mind from the floor in front of the shrine, Kigihashi, to the bottom of the corridor. On the other hand, it's not three, five, five, seven, eight, eight, and ten / \ ten, and things that are too sweet. The shape of the sword is the same as the pottery-colored Kasaya, which is covered with the black-colored Kasaya. Momo-sama's "Sora-moyau" has a high "high" shaved "bauzu", a low "hiku" shaved "bauzu", and a large "ohoki" shaved "bauzu". A small "Chihi" Sana-bozu "Bauzu" and a turbulent "Uro / \" movement "Ugo", unevenness / \ I "I" ...
"Hey, I'm screaming at Ura,"
Going to the front "Mahe", the Scarecrows, who are "scarecrows", are squeezed sideways, and they take a breather. Suddenly, I jumped to the floor, and when I saw it, I saw the scarecrow, and the scarecrow came. The number of people who can be seen in the monk-shaped Sogiyau is the same as that of the Ninzu, which is the same as that of the Scarecrow. Many << Kazu / \ >>. ――The sleeves of the human beings who are savvy, the sleeves of the swords, and the hoe / \ and everyone are scattered on the left and right. In the middle, there is also a movement in the corridor, which is defeated in the corridor.
If you look at the stretch from the front to the front, you can see the scarecrow from the direction of the chick / \ coming from the three "Mitsu". However, I saw it in the same "Scarecrow".
When I entered the door 《Tobira》, it was safe 《Buji》. The statue of "Ura" and "So" is in the shadow of the light "Hi", and the eyes / \ and the eyes "Hitomi" are also moving, waiting for people. He was lying down on his face, and he could see him lying on his side.
On the top of the white blanket that was laid on the bottom, you can scatter all-you-can-eat chisel and planes. Plane》. The first move was wrapped in this blanket, and I thought that the night road would be turned into a castle toe, but ... Tokitori is not a sword, but it is the soul of the ura that has released its body. At the edge of the swamp, from the mouth of the traveling priest, the devil's world, In the wake of the implied "Anji" -I was afraid that I was afraid, so ... I'm gonna take it to Gonshichi. As for the clothes of the change of clothes, "Kinu", the wisteria flowers "Hana" bloom on the roof of the eaves "Hokora" as well as the eaves "Ataka". It arrived when the moon dropped a shadow from the ruined eaves. However, the sash of the scarlet sash, which is both simmering and burning, is now around the waist of that sword / \ It's like a sword, and it's inserted in the footsteps.
If you wear it, you will hear a secret sword in the palm of Koro / \ and its so.
"Are you sure? 』\
“…………”
"I'm sorry, I'm sorry. 』\
And the crawling voice of the earthworm can be heard at the place of the floor.
"Who is it?" 』\
Then, when I got out of it, I forgot about it ... Zurari and there were Scarecrows.
[# 5 indentation] [# large heading] Basari [# end of large heading]
[# 9 indentation] 33 [# "33" is the middle heading]
In that, what was the word "inside"? Because of the sickness of the middle-aged illness, the old man, the tongue, and the lack of the tongue,
"It's onion. ".
"Onego. 』\
And again, I can sue. ......
In front of the small 《Chihisa》 Kiyama 廓 《Sankaku》 shrine 《Mahe》 in the Oboroyo of the Bran rain 《Nukaame》. Destruction of the waterboarding / \ of the culvert, etc. The wind of them, ... the words of that, the place, are the annual tribute. He heard that he was a Neng and a yearly tribute, and he died in a ditch under the undeveloped "Kuwadeu" clause. I wonder if it's a grudge against a peasant family, or a grudge against a peasant family. I don't know that it was this shrine that raised the straw mat flag. ――But what are you looking for? I can't get the meaning of that. If it is ripe and squeezed, it goes from the right "Migi" to the left "Hidari" to the floor "Kizahashi" in front of "Mahe". Mino's sliding "Surea" sound "Oto",
"Uketoro,"
"Receive" and "take". 』\
"Receive the one." "Where" is the voice that comes from "where", or "when" is the only bamboo that stands in the ground. From, it's bluing / \ gushing out.
"Oh,"
I thought, "Mainly" should be the point.
"Is it a doll" or a statue of this "teuzau"? 』\
The nod of Scarecrow, who also has an umbrella in the middle, is Paku / \ moving. That "it" seems to be a familiar "familiar" from "Tochiyu" on the way.
"Osau, Obuou, Obusau. ] And the stray sound "On". Ataka is also, of course, negative, negative, negative, and so on.
"OK, OK, OK,"
Then, I put on my clothes, hugged the statue, and opened the fox lattice, opened it, and stood up. Tachide》 Tatsuru,
"Hey, Scarecrows,"
I sent it seriously. Now, when I think about it, I'm wondering what I'm talking about.
"I received the hardships and kindness, but the woman who was the nickname of me was alive. 》 I'll take it. If you are lucky enough to carry it with you, you will start the path of blood, and you will be piggybacking on your own. 』\
He laughed, and shook him up there, on his shoulders, and shook him up. Even though I was hugging, I was riding on my arm, but when I looked over my shoulder, when I saw it, the ceiling was covered with snow. I could see the hair "Kami" from the black "Kuro" and "Uhe", so I could clearly see "Yes / \" and myself "Jibun" as an engraver. The fate of the time when the child was a young child who became a "arm" appeared in the shape, and it was revealed ... rain. Ame also hangs this "Oboroyo" on the white "Shiro" Noyama "Furika" like the fine "Faint" snow "Yuki". It was.
"I'm going out, I'm going to guide you, or I'll continue to come." 』\
Scarecrows are like the turbulent smoke of straw, and the front and back of the scarecrow are fluttering / \ attached. ...... Then, from the time when the shrine "Hokora" was established "Kodachi" to the time when it was "not", the rare "Ke" line "Someday" was "Ahida". There were two "lids", three "mi" lights, and "lights" on the "light", but there was a light "light", and I couldn't see it, and it reflected things. There is nothing to do. The principal image of the moon is hazy, and the shadow of the inn in each field is vertical. In the rain, in the rain, it is reflected in the inside, and in the evening, the earthen color of the pottery color, Kahara Keiro, is reflected in the moon. It seems that it was a success.
That "it" goes to the line of the Scarecrow, "Hau", if it goes, it goes, if it moves, it moves, and if it moves, it moves, the road. When the song "Michi" is "Maga", the "Time" mystery flies to Sui and the front "Mahe", and then a little "Chiyoto" stop "To", and the earthen color "Scarecrow". Wait for Iro as a scarecrow. Sometimes it was cloudy. I saw that this light was squeezing / \ breathing and exhaling.
There are a few low-pitched straw shops, Nisangen, smoke-out mouths, no mouths, no eyes, no darkness. The beast that sneaked out from the "Moguri", "Tsukubai", and "Tsukubai", lonely and "Ne", and before "Wa", passed through "Mahe". Time << time >>.
"Batsusa, Batsusa. 』\
It wasn't the sound of the Mino. One of the Scarecrows opened his mouth without hesitation, becoming accustomed to his ear.
"It's awesome, it's awesome. 』\
"Koko, come, come, come." 』\
And the most "mohito" * [# "mouth + 堯", U + 5635, 152-15] tongue "yabe".
The word "I" is heard, and the sound is heard, and the sound is heard from the eaves of the straw shop "Waraya". There is something that has fallen to the end, and then I will do it again, and then I will do it again.
I think that a bird, a beast, or something with the name Basari lived here, and was called by Scarecrow. It was "mainly", but eventually two "two" were lined up, and it stood straight and "scarecrow", and fell to the left and right "scarecrow". In the meantime, he said "again". However, it is not the name. The name "Tona" is the sound of "So", and the true identity is "Bangasa", the umbrella of two "Nihon", and "Jiya". It is possible to open it in the eyes, but it is split into roses / \ with the bamboo blinds of the ancient palace.
[# 9 indentation] 34 [# "34" is the middle heading]
When you look at Yui, you can see that both of them have a pattern from Riyauhau, and the pattern is put together, and it is a waste of time. The defeat of that "Yabure" umbrella is formed into a ring "Wa", and it goes around the ridge "Nahate" / \ and turns around "Maha" and stays with "Chiyau". "To" Maru.
Scarecrow was surrounded by three, four, four, and Fura / \.
"Multiplication". 』\
"Puppet" Ningiyau ", multiplication". ".
"Oh, I'm telling you to put it on, it's funny, it's interesting. 』\
In the plan, I would like to thank the work "Sakuhin" with this "car". The soul of that "Kaushi", dare "Ahe", and "Koshi", Kago "basket", and "Yabure" umbrella "gasa" are selected. There, I hugged the side of the statue, and put my waist on the handle of the umbrella, and it was strange. Also, the hem is not open, the shoulders are not anti-sole ... I wear it with glue, and I ride it in an orderly manner. 》 At the same time, come to the 《Doji》 / \ and the umbrella 《Kasa-obake》, and the sword and the line 《Yu》 ……
Eventually, I hoped for the hot spring inn "Yado" in the future, and "Katahara" beside the Umbrella "Tanigaha", and "Ataka" was also a galaxy. When I saw the crushing of the crushed mountain and pierced the mountain, the ring of the umbrella was flowing. Contrary to the flow, the water turns around like a water wheel like a water wheel, and the water is just like that. I ran through the broken eyes, and the yellow snow was scattered on the diagonal. No, what's going on, what's going on, what's going on, what's going on, and what's going on!
Look at this << this >>, people << people / "\".
Then, the moon is three, four, four, and the road is illuminated, and the car is flying. , The car of the umbrella "Kasa-obake" is also on the car of the car, and on the sled, on the sled, on the car. The activity of the car, the car, the car, the magical power of the car, the car, the car, the car, the car, the car, the car, the car, the car, the car, the car, the car, the car, the car, the car, the car 》 The fist 《fist》 sticks out to the matsuta inn 《Yadoya》, and he laughs 《from / \》 and laughs 《straw》.
"Look at this" this ", people" people / "\". "
At that time, the car was in the middle, and the Scarecrow line was on the bridge. ...... Crossing the sound of "se", "horizontal", the legs of bamboo "take", the habit of fluttering "scarecrow", and the wise "scarecrow" The same group of Scarecrows, the bridge board, is squealed with a slap.
"It's noisy to sleep." 』\
Said the balustrade, "Koe".
"Ah, it's the poison of Ki. 』\
Yukie, a human being, replied to the answer. Ah, I'm confident that I'm the most sick and river water.
The only thing that was still suspicious was that the party "someday" climbed up from that "someday" to that Shiroyama "shiroyama". When you hang on the stone steps "Ishidan", "when". It's said that it's going to be a sledge from this, but it seems to be a breath, and when it's stopped, it seems to be lazy even in the middle. The long hem of the hem of the sledge is the long one of the big tree under the vortex of the cloud. I thought that I was sledding and moving with Miki on the trunk of Enjiyu.
"Wow, tickle. ", And the tree screamed.
There is no mystery in the fact that the umbrella 《Kasa-obake》 hangs around / \ and the tier 《Dan》, and there is no pain. The dark color of the night, the color of the night, wraps around the steps, and rides on the clouds. Above. It is because there is also a "scarecrow" in the Scarecrow that has a quick and light feeling. Two, three, and three, followed by a sword, and then flew, and shook the car above the car from the air. However, he gently crosses over the light of the shape of the moon, which is the color of the Ano earthenware, and the car.
At the top of the dan, I met Ishijizo, who was one of the gods.
"Bo Chiyama, Bo Chiyama. ", Said one person.
"Well, it's annoying."
He said, "Otsushiya", but he lifted the tin cane of his hand "Onte" and walked up and down. It's out ... I see, I see, the spit of the collar, the bib, and the cut, fluttering / \ and swaying. Rui.
"When I came to this field, it was time."
Yukie turned to the old man and looked back to the left and right.
The heat haze crawls on the knees, and the sun shines on the other / \. The sky was clear, but the wet color of the leaves of the grass was gradually absorbed by the haze. It is "Fuzei".
"The Jizo-son of that" supported the tin cane "Scarecrow" from the front "Mahe", followed by "Back". I rubbed against my "I" who was "Tsu", and silently "Dama" Tetsuzaka "Saka" returned to "Hau" "Return" Tetsugo "Yu" Karu ゝ …… and Kakuyamako "Scarecrow" is also / \ and I'm going back to "Hikikahe".
When you look at the number umbrella, you will see this, and this will also come / \ and turn around. However, there is no statue that is placed on the upper part of the sky, as if it were made up of the sky.
...... What is the sledge? ... One big cow, "When", and this one, "Konata", with its tail. Tail and line. The figure of that "Zuutai" overwhelms the mountain "Yama", and the width of this field "Nohara" is so wide that it is in the shadow. There is a great shadow on the inside. On the back of that "Senaka", the statue of "Ura" has a long "squeeze" of the crimson "Kurena", and on his back "Afumu". It's soft and soft, and it's hung. "
[# 9 indentation] 35 [# "35" is the middle heading]
"In the car of the broken umbrella, I didn't think that I would be despised and humiliated by another", but now " Now, when I see him hanging on the back of a cow, he seems to be terrible and can't stand it! Although it was engraved with a sushi, it was split into two branches from the sushi, and the main part of the sushi was squeezed into the ura of the living body. Whether it's a back, a woman with a statue, or a sushi, she doesn't even wear a sushi.
He shouted "Atsu," and fluttered from behind, but the hand arrived at the place where the most "mo" pair was "hitoashi". No matter how many times it is made, it does not reach the tail ... The cow does not move suddenly. Oboroyo, who has no movement, moves from nature to time, and then slowly and slowly.
After a while, I sewed "Ohotesuji", a major source of this "Ko", in "Kareashi", which seems to be the same as "Ototoshi" last year and two years ago. At that time, he said that he would step on the bottom of the water and pass through the profane, and he saw it as a stubborn thing. .. The statue of Sena holds the breast on the back of the breast, and the fist of the fist is bitter and empty. I can't stand it by grabbing it and seeing it.
After that, I gasped / \, haa / \ and breathed, and continued.
"The cow of that" is the old man, "Ojii-san."
Yukie called out what he heard.
Step on the soil of Ishizue, the foundation of the castle tower, with the hind legs, and raise the front legs to the top. , I thought that I was able to hang on the high ridge, and suddenly, the corridor of the first floor, the stuffed toy, was a stuffed toy. Soon, I walked around the outer circumference of the stuffed animal and the upper part of the stuffed animal. ...... Sound "Sound" with spear "only" and hollow "Nakazora" with each other, hanging the moon "Tsuki" and the sun "Hi" When you touch it, you hear it ... This building is really great. ――In the ghost, the figure of the vine, the cow, and the rat, which runs on the floor, is also the same as the vine. I finally saw it.
Go around and go around, and then go to one "when", one place, "Ihaho", and "Egu" to the door "Tobira", which is completely black. I think it was a door, and I thought it was a door. The back of the cow is ridged and climbed up, and the cow is mottled.
It seems that the floor of "Someday" on the first floor of this "Ko" has now built a door "Tobira" in the "Yogita" field. "Miru" Hiroshi "Katsuta". The short "Mijika" rush "Kusa" is also "place /" \, and the Yama "Yazama" is one "Human", the yellow "Kiiro", and the moon "Tsuki". "Night"
He said, "Kurokumo" was covered with "Kurokumo", and the tail of the cow "Ushi" leaked the upper mouth "Agarikuchi". While hanging the upper "Uhe" stage, the upper "Uhe" stage "Dan", and both hands "Riyaute" first, "Ahata" It was a run-up. ...... The moon is dark, and the outside of Yama is the darkness of the forest, and the moss is full of moss. I was there. ...... The body of the cow "Ushi" gets over the half "Naka" to the upper "Uhe" of the early "Ha" and again "Dan".
Guru / \ and suddenly turn around, attach to it, and follow it up. And this "ko" Yama "Yazama" moon "tsuki" was red "red". I think it will appear in the color of the demon world "Makai". However, without any grace, hesitate, and he goes straight to the third floor, "Sangaime", and "Noboru" ...
Regardless of whether you look up or peek at the floor, the shape of the big cow stays in your eyes. For that reason, I'm crazy about it, and if I hit it, I'll retire, if I'm on the floor, I'll step on it, and if I'm on the floor, I'll go up. I don't know what floor it was on. Wrapped in clouds, haze, or cotton, I think it's just about three hugs. If you look at the "Marubashira" at a glance, "Hashira", you can see that "Marubashira" is in the middle of the white "Manaka". The figure of a woman who stood up with a stunned "one person" at the root of "ne" ...
"Oura" and "knees" are supported, and "suriyo" is tied up and hugged. Breathing "Koto", "Iki" also never forgets "I" in "Tae /" \ "* [#" Mouth + Knee ", U + 5635, 157-12] Tongue" I got it. The voice "koe" echoes in the sky "sora" with the basket "komo", or on the ceiling "tenjiyau" "uhe" -around the fifth floor "gokai", a large number of people " While listening to the words "I" and "Ko" of "Taninzu", the hard work of "Ceiling" and the peace of mind "Anshin" Because of the slackness, he became unconscious before and after that. ......
"Ya"
It ’s a dangerous thing that you ’re stepping on the clouds and the clouds. The couple "Fufu" came alive and re-appeared "Futa" and the sun "Tenjitsu", and it was only "Ta" that he was safely down to "Buji". I think it's just that I'm going down the floor of the floor, and I suddenly think that it's just like that, and it's not like last night's Yufube, but my toes. The tremor is trembling, the waist is sticky, the blood is frozen, and the meat is hard.
Wearing "ki" and wearing "ki" is dangerous. ] And both "Riyauhau" legs "Ashi" fingers "Yubi", white "Shiro", a man "Toko", and ten "Jifupon" Zu, Chira / \ While staring at "When Shinfuran", Ataka also went down the cliff "Dangai", and under the castle tower "Tenshiyu" was the ground. I saw that the chi was like an arrow. ......
Yukie is a word that continues, and the voice that is screaming is also weak.
"I think it's a gradual thing, and I'm here, and I'm here ... I'm gonna take a breath, and when I'm ki, I'm going to wear it. It's that body. Old man, the sacrifice of the form charge, the spider, I'm the hand. I was so happy that I was saved by the te, and I was so happy that I didn't have a ura, I didn't have a wife, and I had a yufube last night. The statue that was struck by the sword was returned to the sword, and was carried back with the sword. However, there is also a one-armed twisted hand, and a hand holding that sword .... Ah, I have five bodies. "Gotai is paralyzed." "I grabbed my chest and grabbed it and fell into agony.
[# 5 indentation] [# heading] Under the castle tower "Tenshiyu" [# end of heading]
[# 9 indentation] 36 [# "36" is the middle heading]
Hearing, fruit, and tetsu. ......
The creator of Hida no Kuni, Sakunin, Kikumatsu, was overwhelmed by that place, and now he is a bad dream. I'm sick of "dream", and I'm sick-I'm a young man, Hinata's face, Kaho, forehead, and sweat. I was worried about my annoyance, and I was struck by the poison of my mind.
"The more I hear, the more I hear, the more I say," What ", I don't know. I don't think I'm going to give up on the fact that I'm in the position of "Kurai", but I'm not sure about it. The statue of "Katashiro", which is the shape of "Yu", is dropped on the castle tower "Tenshiyu" ... There is a place where you can go, so return the promised wife, Okusama, and do your best. "Uichi", "Human", "Kosa", "Kosa", "Beautiful", "Nana", wooden statue "Mokuzau", "Mata", "Re-do" Eh, you, "Meesama", and "Ahite", who are facing each other, have 76 "Shichimuzu", so there is a "Harie" ... Hey, I don't know. Even if I'm wearing a sword, the person who wears it is holding a ball with a ball. And make a lower seat, "Tsuku". Eh!
"That's there, old man, old man,"
And Yukie grabbed the grass and grabbed it and stood up again.
"Currently, I went to Koshira to save the Ura, who is currently living because of the pain and stains of that. . Yes, there was a lot of energy, and I was exhausted. I couldn't help it because I couldn't do it. I think that the one who met the old "you" was the inquiries of the heavens "Ten", and that "Hikia" was sloppy.
No, rather than that, I came to this land, Tochi, and I couldn't understand the dream and the current depression. It is not another thing that has a thing, but for a woman, she wakes up from a sleep that has forgotten her work, and is depressing. It is also known that the total of the gods of the arts, "Kami", is trying to make the elder "you" receive the teachings. unknown. I'm kneeling, and I'm getting the straw shoes of that ... What's up, I'm a disciple, and I'm down. Please go down to the teaching, and then go down to save the ura. "
"No, when I look at it from the inside, I look at it from the inside of the Satsuki ship, and the person who has lived. If it's a person, it's a surprise. It's a discipline. It's a good thing for you, a person, and a person. It's possible to hit the boat, but it's possible to help the wife, "Okusama", and "Uhe", and "Tetsudahi". If there is a place to deal with only the merit of the year, then I will make it next time. Advice "Jiyogon", so it's a good idea. Well, wait "again", I'm now "now", "said Tanuki's naive hemp bag" Asabukuro ". I stretched my waist and stood up.
Asahi's Asahi's field is one person, and the old man's old man puts his hands on his hip bones and searches for things. He walked, but after a short while, he turned back to Hikika. It was picked up by a stag, a stag, a horn, a fold, a mountain, a deep mountain, and a Chitose pine. I heard that it was raw in the roots of the pine tree, and I heard that it was fluffy, but what was it? The branch of the tree of Tae, the arm of the woman, Kahina, and the fineness of the vine, one shaku, and the surplus. "Nari".
Open the mouth of the hemp bag of the sack, and open the mouth of the sack, and even the rice squeeze will come out. Lottery of "Tana", "Nukito", and "Muzausa", a random work, "A", "A", "Yamata", "Yo", "Yo", "Knife", "Eda" It was completed with a sack and two knives.
"I think it's a carp, but the tree is small. The loach is funny. The crucian carp is one. Look at the Tsu-made "Kosa". You can use the miscellaneous "Zatsu" and the shape "Shape". The scales "Uroko" have vertical and horizontal lines. Hikiku, ... I'll send it to the same person, and I'll look at it in comparison. If you can do it, you can be a counselor, and you can do it. Yeah. "
I rushed to the sword with a knife. Yukie reassembled the cross-legged Agura.
"I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it, I'm going to start it, I'm going to do it. Kama ”Higoto is not good. You can't do it for each of your“ Meesama ”skewers“ Jiya Udan ”, but you can only work 《Genki》 for anything 《Anything》. It's a good idea to turn on the economy .-- Yes, it's possible, it's one, two, three, three, and three. 《Hi》 I2 《Fu》 U3 《Mi》 I!
Laughter 《Straw》, let alone 《Ya》, let's start. The sword "Kogatana" moves in the hand of the old man "Ji", and the twins "Nichiya", the light of the sun "Hikari" Akira / \ and a flash began to sparkle ... The branch of the tree "Ki" in the palm "Tanasoko" is the sword "Kogatana" of that "So". Kagayaki Kuma, Ataka also shakes a fin, and suddenly sees it, Yukie Kagawa, and Yukie Kagawa [# "Yukie Kagawa" is a mama. ], As expected, he was a young man who got the name "Nana".
And this old man, Jijii, and Yukie, headed for Asahi, and used a knife for the moat edge, Kogatana. Huh. Beyond the major "Ohote" of the front "Zenmen", the castle tower "Tenshiyu" of the castle ruins "Shiroato", the clear blue sky of the clouds "Spider" 《Gunzan》 is drawn in the group, and when it stands up, it stands up. Relative to the climax of "Only" and the perspective of Juri "Jifuri", "Ahitai", and the other "Zujiyau" above the two "Futari" You must not forget the things that you can't do without leading the Renpo.
Close to the ridge of the castle tower of the case, "Mune", and go out to the "place" near the 5th floor "Gokaime". Then, there is a shaved priest who sucks the haze and makes a big yawn.
[# 5 indentation] [# headline] Sugoroku board "Sugorokuban" [# end of headline]
[# 9 indentation] 37 [# "37" is the middle heading]
Yukie was kneeling with a gasp.
In front of the culvert, there is a troupe of "Ichiza", "Smooth", Kana rock "Banjiyaku", its color "Iro", and dark green "Midori". After crossing Ao with Ao, Adaka also sank to the bottom of Chihiro's edge, Kana Iwao. There is no turbidity in the dust, the color of the sun, the color of the sun, the color of the sun, the color of the sun, the color of the sun, the color of the sun, the color of the sun, and the color of the sun. In the blue sky, look at the mirror, and look at it. "Mi" Three tatami mats "Sandefu" only "Mi" Yuru, ... Listen to the sound "Oto", Hida country "Hida no Kuni" Yoshiki-gun "Yoshiki Gofuri" Shinto treasure "Kantakara" It is said that it is in the mountains of "Yamaoku", and "Sugoroku" is negative to the name of "Sugoroku". Mmm. On the face of the rainbow, put a floating pattern on the front, and put the skirt on the top and bottom, and put the figure of the incense on the top and bottom. There is a stubborn Yanagijo, and the rainbow is shaved, and the picture is drawn, and the haze is slightly colored. Iroduru.
A golden net of Kogane is thrown into the mountain bosom of the light purple "Usumurasaki" of the young grass "Wakakusa" that surrounds the "behind". The light of the sun, "Hikari," shines as a pitcher, but it is not enough to shoot the eyes of a person, but the sun. At the time of the day, the snow of the Tohoki mountain range was covered with the snow of the Byakuren, and the buds of the Byakuren were covered. I could see it. ...... As soon as it gets closer to "Chika", it approaches "Ko" here. Mountain "Yama" and mountain "Yama", Mine "Mine" and Mine "Mine" are connected. Sew the blue sky with "Tsuna", "Nu", "White", "Ito", "Toho", "Cloud", "Kasumi", "Haze", "Around the corner" 》 Naru is a heat haze 《Kagerafu》.
The heat haze is seen in the village village "Machiya", and the mysterious "Aya" spider's enclosure "Mida" It's not like the illusion of the illusion, but the spider also solves the silk paste, and the butterfly is fluffy / \. The breathing "Iki" is like "the fluttering", but the "spider" and the "spider" spread out in the same way as the "spider". Everyone is an elephant in the shape of a beautiful woman. Some of them are in the skirt, yellow, and some are in the sleeves, purple, and purple ...
Purple Naru is the shadow of the violet, and yellow Naru is the reflection of the flower of the drum grass "Tanpo". It was.
Around Iwa, there are two kinds of flowers, Hana, Saki, and Uzu, which are full of flowers. ...... Among those "these" colors "colors" of a certain heat haze "Kagerafu", the atmosphere of a woman "nana" who stays in any of the hands "and" In addition to that, there is Yui, Ichinin, Komaya, and a bunch of snow, Yuki, and a beautiful woman who is jealous of him. In the distance, "Adaka" also turned to the table "Tsukue" and stood up in a "sama" shape.
Yukie was in front of her beautiful woman, "Tsukubai," and was separated by a rock-solid "Banjiyaku," and was struck by "Tsukubai."
Sugoroku Iwao's rainbow, such as Niji, has a suit and a sash around the obi of the beautiful woman. There, purple is shot at that place, and yellow is reflected in it ... Clouds, haze, haze, heat haze. In order to form the shape of the beauty of this sugoroku, which is exhausted from perspective, it is a dark or thin sugoroku. "Sugoroku". The strictness of the shape of "Sugoroku" is the hero who protects him with the armor of silver silver "Sugoroku". Like the word, the gentleness of the figure of the suit is the princess, the princess, the princess, and the samurai maiden. You can see it.
Behind the beautiful woman, "Attach" ... In the mountain bosom "Yamafudokoro" of that "So", there is only one "Hitomoto", an old song "Ko" The atmosphere of "ka" is "Sakurabana", the cherry blossoms of "Fuzei", the light yellow "Asagi", the black dyed "Sumizome", and the white mysterious "Shirotahe". "He", "Satsu" and "Light red".
The color is on the eyelids of the beautiful woman, and the shadow is on the eyelids of the beautiful woman, through the clothes of the beautiful woman, Kinu ...
Yukie divides the road, conveys the Iwa, crosses the flow, and stalks the treetops. Crawling on the Katsura wig, I followed this place, and when I arrived at the mountain, I saw the cherry blossoms for the first time. With Sakura. ......
The group "Someday" consists of a ditch, an old man, an old man, one person, a tall man, a tall man, and a blue color. It was a shaved head.
Before this, Yukie is the moat end of the castle toe, which is on par with the old man, and is almost an elementary school student. With the attitude of "Seugakusei", he enthusiastically carved the shape of a fish "Uo" into "Netsushin" and made it at the same time. In order to see the hand gesture of the old man who has begun to crow ... When the castle is turned off, the castle tower's "Yazama" springs out, and the figure of the crow's black owl "Kuroba Uzu" appears. I saw it, but I thought it was a crow or an owl.
However, there is a big cow, "Ohoshi", a prisoner of his wife, "Tsuma", and a castle of a demon "Ma". However, it is not a place to disperse the spirit. It is refreshing to say that it is a step to save him by dropping a sword to him. I sprinkled "Kikuzu" and thought about it.
"How do you see it?" 』\
An old man who puts a small sword in a bag and puts it in a bag, puts it in a bag, and waits for it with a cane. "Jii" puts Yukie's work "Sakuhin" on his palm and puts on a smoke tube "Kiseru".
"Oh, it's done." Pichi / \ and the death ... No, I think I'm going to see it ... The lid ... It's a wonderful thing, and it's dry. And killed "Otsuchi" Nube, and swim "once" without permission! When he released it, he dropped it into the water of the moat. However, he gets out of his belly and floats on the floating fat "Kira".
[# 9 indentation] 38 [# "38" is the middle heading]
Go to "Minara" to emulate the spirit of "Sledding and a small fish". Thou shalt swim with Bachiya / \. 』\
Then, the old man, this time, took the fish that was carved by himself, this time, again, and the illness, Buzama. "Nigi" Tsutama "Hito" throws "Nagi" * [# "Sanzui + San", U + 6F75, 163-9] "Splash" stands, but floating grass "Uki" Divide the kusa into the satsu, and the fins are vertically darkened, and the mizugi is sunk at the water's edge. Toma. In the same place as Yukie's work "Sakuhin", "Adaka" is also connected to the fishing line "Tsuriito", and the floating tree "Uki" is a fish "Fish". It was a "fishing line". ......
I tried something, and I was wondering what to do, and I woke up and stood on the shore, and withered. Yukie, who has the face of the moat on the stalk of the crab, and the surface of the moat, is bright on the floating fat. I should have realized that I was able to wear the time of the superiority and inferiority of "Akira" and "Jita".
"Hatsu," he sighed.
The old man wiped the sword scraps of his knees and shook his eyebrows, and shook his eyebrows. 》 Hi,
"Hatsuhatsu Hatsuichi" Hi "Ini" Fu "Usan" Mi "! We 《Washira》 win 《Kachi》 Jiya. See, the shape is the same, but the crucian carp of you, the crucian carp, is changed to water. When I entered, I was hungry, and I was a dead fish, ... We were a crucian carp, and a crucian carp was swimming. Even if it's a good idea, if you have a fin, you'll be alive. Whatever the place, if you put it on the manata, you can eat the mouth of a human being, but the jade will come out. Come and aim, and if you're afraid, you'll be able to submerge in Chiyotsukura.
Even if it is a carp that can be hung on the free bamboo of the hearth, "Jizai only", it must be released to the water "Miz". No. It's not clear if you're hungry and hungry like the crucian carp of Meesama. When shaving a tree, when it's time, it's balanced, and when it's in the water, it floats. If you stay in the vertical position, you will have a raw, if you sleep in the horizontal direction, you will find that the method is different. I'm dead. ...... It's not a troublesome thing.
However, you, "Meesama", and this "Tegiha", last night, "Yufube" made "Tsukuri" and "A", and brought it to the castle tower "Tenshiyu". Isn't the rugged wooden statue "Mokuzau" the same as Yahari "Yatsupari"? ...... Even if the dimensions are the same, the muscles of the legs are fishing, or the legs are lame. Jiya. The balance between the right "Migi", the left "Hidari" and the arm "Ude" is also bad. If the cheeks are different from the meat on the cheeks, the ones are said to be different, and the ones are crippled. Hey, it's a beautiful woman.
If the five bodies are satisfied with the sculpture "Horimono", then the midday "Matsupiruma", you "Meesama" and myself "Washi" will be on the surface. 《Tsura》 Butt 《Tsukia》 Placed in the middle 《Manaka》 and started to move 《Movement》 In the middle of the night, the Lord Nushi is now talking about Hana, and Scarecrow is walking and entering the inside. Then, take the sculpture by yourself, and go to the Scarecrow, the Scarecrow, and the line. No matter what, let the wrecked umbrella turn into a monster and fold the bones of the car, and don't luck. It's done. In normal times, if it is "always", the rabbits will also be horned, and the surplus "bonus" will be greeted by the voices of "ko". In the case of the world of "I", the first "Daichi" you "Meesama" will carry the image of that "Zau" and will come out. There is a hofu. No matter what, I walked, and now I said, "Mokuzau", and I don't think it's a belly. ......
In that << it >>, the monster << mamono >> was unknowing << fushochi >>. It's impossible to put a little bit in front of you, but you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it. From "Seishiyo", isn't it in the soul "Tamashihi" of you "Meesama"?
There, we were hungry for a crucian carp. If Scarecrow tries to catch the Scarecrow by handling it, he will swim in a splendid manner. The old man vomits a broad word, "Kuwagen". What's the balustrade of the bridge's bridge utters a voice, and if Enjiyu's sword is a sword, it's a scale. The light is turned into a light, the clouds are rolled up, and the dance is danced.
Re-use 《Yarinaho》 is quick, start with a new 《Arata》, and make the best 《Mahito》.
What's wrong, you're better than you, you can do it, you can do it, you can give advice, you can do it, you can do it. 《Tetsuda》 is a good place to help.
The tools 《Daugu》 are also available on the waist 《Koshi》. 』\
Like a quiver, he said that he had a sack of hemp.
"You can slash with it. You should lend it without leaving it. Heurau is also lucky! Don't go back to the inn or the shrine, and go to this place, and scratch the crossed legs. When you go to your lower abdomen, you can put in power. If we surpass the rain and dew, we will move forward with a hut. With the big eyeball "Praise Dama", staring at the castle tower "Tenshiyu", I'm afraid I'm trapped in that place "There" In the hard work of Kai, long hair, Kaminoke, and Hitosuji, dripping raw blood on the moment. However, without forgetting the painful brains of his wife, Okusama, go until you get tired of it. .. 』\
Yukie rinses the crimson "Kurena" with a full face, and heads for the castle tower "Tenshiyu". I hit it and hit it up.
"Don't let the bones that don't need to be broken by inviting a few things," an old man who is a stubborn old man. "Oyaji" Mega, "
And they stood behind them behind them ...
The moss looks like a moss, and the loose thin-haired sky window "Atama" is not covered with a shade, and the big tree "Taiboku" is decaying at the moonlit night. A shadow cast on "Tsukiyo", a black dyed "Sumizome" dressed in a blurry color "Iro", and a blue "Umbrella" on the face "Kaho" Onyudo "Ohoni Udau"!
Looking down at the face of the old man who turned around, Kaho,
The cheeks that looked like "Hokuso" are dark, saying, "I'm afraid to stay, or I'm going to have a dark night."
[# 5 indentation] [# headline] person << person >> index finger << yubi >> [# end of headline]
[# 9 indentation] 39 [# "39" is the middle heading]
"Oh, Gobo? 』\
"Some days" some night "ban"! 』\
Yukie and the old man are called from the left and right to the same person.
"Omi" is also a small person at that time. ", And turned to Yukie, and laughed at one cheek" again "in the dark" and "lightly".
It's okay to get on the mouth of the old man / \ and the old man, because he's sick of blood. ...... With that spirit, the roots are born in the castle toes, and the castle tower is compared with the castle tower. If so, the body "Omi" is the "Kanzuzu" of the "Naka" in the 蘆 "Ashi", the dried fish "String" of the frog "Kaheru", and the result "Nariha" ... This "old man" has a middle / \ art "te"! For the catfish, the catfish can be engraved and blown, and the fish can be carved and swam. There is a sensuality that doesn't make you wonder about the age of the catfish, but it's okay, but you have a surplus in your body. Ah, I think I'm trying to get rid of the color love "Irokohi" by pulling out the bats and giving it to a person. Castle "Jiyauga" | Swamp "Numa" dark night "Darkness" to "main"!
What is it, I am borrowing the labor fee from the owner of this castle tower, Aruji, to myself. Then, he returned the borrowed money, and he was sick, and he was lazy to throw it. From the time of the accident, a small amount of things can be agitated, and the work can be done as a substitute. I can't. 』\
Say "This, this, Gobo, Gobo," and squeeze the sword and sharpen the mouth.
The mouth of the relative "Ahitahi" shaved "Bauzu" is on the crescent-shaped "Mikazuki Nari" and above "Uhe". With a deep fluffy sword,
"No, don't forget the night of darkness. In the swamp "Numa", let's read "Kiyau", which has no "address", and it is not as good as "Tokihiji". However, it should be astringent tea "Shibuchiya" one "person" behavior "behavior", I "I" was a lifelong "shiyagai" shaved "bauzu" water wheel "to the thing" already "sun" I tried to make a water wheel. 』\
"Mu, the role of the priest" Yaku "jiya ... Abandoned" Akira "is easy. However, if you are preached by "Ichigai", you can't say "Ichigon". ...... The morals of the Lords are to rub the spirits with the color love of people who are screaming and screaming. The role of "Yaku" Danbei, "Otsuchi" soul "Tamashihi" Sado "Michibi" Spider work "Tsumome", the color love "Irocohi" Gobo, who wears a "judgment" but is not a law "hofu". 』\
"Naturally, I should ... No, I don't have a reduction in my mouth," an old man who doesn't have a spatula, and a selfish "Migatsu". .. ――At the place, that night, I did the turn of the four hand nets, but the bad ties, Akuen, and the body, Omi, said. I asked for the handling of "Toho" and "Irokohi", and I thought "I was" to "mainly".
It ’s not a different thing, it ’s the secret of this little person, Nagi, 」.
Yukie was a leopard and a straight line.
It ’s hung on the sword, it ’s a sword, and it ’s an old man,
"... That night", I asked for a word "Kotozuke" in the illusion "Yumemaboroshi", and received the "Sai" in the test "Received". By the way, this is the knowledge of the people here. ――The thing that was asked was used for the manual operation, and it was made up of the hot springs, and the next morning, it was straight to the morning. Also, I thought that I was leaving here, and I thought that the lid was something, but I was wondering what it was ... Hot spring inn Onsen Yado, Murasato I put "Murazato" in a bowl and sent "Fura / \" and "Hi" without any "what". If you listen to the state of that, I will tell you what I was saying, and what is it? I heard that the shape of "Nagi" was engraved with "Kitashiro" in one's heart, and ... that "it" was fulfilled. Fu last night "Yufube" Jiya. A few "people" carry a doll "Ningiyau" and go "Hako", then "after", before "before", and enter the castle tower "Tenshiyu". Then, go up to the 4th floor, and hold the wooden statue of "Mokuzau" at the root of the pillar, "Place", and "Hashira". Then, I'm dead, and I'm sleeping.
Hatena 、 Return the inner ritual 《Nagi》 to 《Kahe》, what kind of monster 《Mamono》 will live in. ――By the time you go there, there is nothing that you have worn in your eyes. I looked up at the top of this, and went up to the 5th floor of the first floor. The state was known. 』\
Nodded and said.
"What is there, who is what?" ] And Yukie are frustrated, and they are squeezed together.
To the sword, to the sword, to the sword,
"No, I don't know what it is, I see things. However, he went up to the 5th floor and stood on the tatami mat. When the cold wind came cold, the left arm of the fold moved surprisingly, and it stood out. Hitsuta, the upper part of the arm, the finger finger "Hitoshiyubi" shakes / "\ and shakes" What "what" is the mouth "kuchi" At the same time as Toshiku, his heart passed through his ears ...
The master of the castle tower, "Aruji," was worried about the beautiful color of "Nagi," whose body was "Omi." There is no reason or non-reason, and I grabbed it with the power of the karma, and I was imprisoned near the neya. The subordinates, the genus, and the genus, once, the upper part, the lower part, and the lower part, the blame. , The blame of the sword is placed in the refreshing agent of the demon world, "Kiki", and in the quiet "Sashio", and the human "Ningen" is I have to die from my illness ...
There is no detail in slaughtering the flesh of the flesh, and the blood of the flesh, but the husband is Yukie Kamura "Yukie Kamura". Heavenly 《Atsupa》 Rei Ichigei 《Kahi》 has the effect of 《So》, and his wife 《Tsumama》 is compensated for 《Agana》! The one that comforts the genie "Majin" and makes it easier, but if it should be "only" instead of the beautiful "Bijiyo", it should be returned to the place "in the meantime". It can be done. -
Yes, I don't know, this heart is early, and my body is a secret, and I am asked by me. It was transmitted to the body "Omi". 』\
[# 9 indentation] Forty [# "40" is the middle heading]
Put the "main" flower "Hana" in the room of the bract "Haya" and put it in the room "Heya". And, what is the compensation for the waiting "machikama", and what is he? Deaf, mute, blind, shark skin, waist, stiff, needle line Una curly hair, human skin, human skin, shark, scent of shark, scent of roof board, scent of roof board What is Mokuzau Nana, a wooden statue woman with a shark, a shark, a shark, a crotch, a shin, a sword, and a sword? What is it? ...... Evil fist with a fist, mysteriously screaming, Jintsuu screaming, heaven and earth The work of Tsuchi, which seems to have kept the unspeakable heart, is funny. 10 million laughter "Ushisenban" big idiot "Ohotahake"! 』\
Just saying "Nu," and biting the lower lip "Kuchibiru" with a squeeze, and trying to grab it, I was supposed to grab it. Open the sleeves of Yaburegoromo, open the sleeves, crush the eyes of the wings, and squeeze the black lips.
"And ... the master of the castle tower, Aruji, said," I ", Haru's ji, ... from the ceiling, which has nothing, this" I shook my finger "Yubi" / \ and heard it. 』\
When you cut off the opposition and the ridge of the castle tower, and extend the human finger to the sky, Yukie will be. Ao is made up, and the knees are fluttering.
The old man with a negative spirit was bent forward, and his hips were put in his waist.
"Waka", "Waka", Gobo. Whether you are a Buddha, a demon, a demon, or a human being, Bausama, who is just a human being. Yes, yes. The word "I" is a thing to do "Things" have fallen into the abdomen "Oh" ... The story "Haya" is a story, but this person "Human" has. The crucian carp is a crucian carp that has left its belly, and it cannot be replaced with a beautiful wife, Okusama. ...... If you bring the fish that stood the fins, bring it back, and send it back, you will be able to do it. No.
Well, there << there >> Jiyai! There, because of the cause, I was the guardian, and for the advice of Jiyogon, I was able to win, and I was able to win. New "new", ... OK, "life" ... with flesh, "nikuzuki", and legs and hips "smooth, skin" Good, standing on the moon, tama, heading for the sun, snow, snow, hey, demon lord. When the "Mawaudo" is glanced at a glance, the pine fat "Matsuyani" is drooling, and the soul "Tamashihi" is a night crawling star. If you make a white guy with milk, a red guy with a red claw, and a red guy with a red claw, The word "I" is not good!
Why did you say "Aze" when you instigated a little "Waka" and broke the labor "Wadabone"? Gobo and Hidayama's Kikumatsu helped with a eboshi hat and a headband for Mukafu Hachimaki. Tetsuda, what would you do if you let it finish in a splendid way? 』\
"If you do, then you'll finish it in the same way, and then the wooden statue of that" will move there. Do you work your eyes, faintly, your fingers, stretch your hands, and pull your hands? I wonder what the legs are, the legs, and the walking. 』\
Everyone did not say "I", but the old man "Ji" wore "Go" and "Hikari" such as "So"'s eyebrows "Mayu" and silver "Shirogane". Then, he turned his eyes toward the sun and made his eyes shine. He was clapping his hands, clapping his hands, clapping his hips, and wearing a hemp sack on his hips. Scratching the "Ishiki", I saw a fearless state of "Mostly Fuki".
"When does the monster" Mamono "of the castle tower" live "from" when "? Residents of Hida no Kuni, Japan's Nitsupon carver, Horimono, Tail, Se, Kikunosuke, Grandson, Ma Kikumatsu of Go, Kikumatsu, Giyaunen, Tsumo, 71 years old, Shichiji Futsusai. In the year when the surplus money is taken from the paradise, the shadow of the castle woman, the woman in the swamp, is worried. The body is moving, the work is working, and the sculpture is alive and walking. Hmm ... Even a single person / \ and the castle tower "Aga" go up to "Neya" of the demon "Mamono", but "Sui-san", but Zhang " I'm going to wear both the beam and the stubbornness, and at that time, I'll be careful when I don't like it. Ask Bau to say something about it. 』\
"Yes, yes, yes." 』\
Grin / \ and both "Riyau"'s cheeks are darkened, and that crescent-shaped "Mikazukinari"'s large mouth "Ohoguchi" is tied up with a sneak peek. 》 Dama, pulling the mouth 《Kuchimoto》 / \ and the red 《Aka》 of the tongue 《Kahe》, laughing 《Straw》 Hikata 《Kahe》 With >>
"Interesting! The trip was "every time", but I heard that "it" too. The boatman of the fifth-ranked night heron, which is hand-played by Konata, is steered by the wings and beaked. Rowing with a "kuchibashi" and spitting fire with "inside" in the water "mizu" ... "
"Look at it from the top of the castle tower," and look at the tayu, "Taifu," which is just a predecessor, "Hetsuhetsuhetsu," and Jiyoung and his head, "Kashira." Say "Fir" and say "I".
"Oh, that's the soul of that", "Tsurada Mashihi", and the mother-in-law. I don't think it's a lie of Manzara. I see, the statue that Konata created is a momentary eye, a walk, and an unpleasant one. I'm sorry. ...... But if you do, your body will work even if it becomes a stone with a little pressure on your hips. And encouragement. So, I don't think it's a nuisance. I don't know that it will cause unnecessary labor. However, I urge you to say that it is useless, and that it is useless. Uh.
At that place, the old man, Oyaji, 」
"Hey,"
"Omi says, I see, and the image of that is bloody."
"Blood is good", isn't it? ", And he said.
"If you do, you can squeeze your life even if you hit it with the tip of a needle, that human being. The beauty is beautiful and the blood is fluffy. 』\
"........." and the old man's eyebrows "Mayu" are the first to lie.
[# 9 indentation] 41 [# "41" is the middle heading]
The black priest 《Kuroba Uzu》 was hung on the bulk
"I still want to hear. The skin of the "so" made by the body "Omi" is slippery. However, is there meat, is there a warmth to the touch of the hand, or is there a cold body of the wooden statue Mokuzau? 》 Is n’t it? 』\
While asking "Hatene," the question "Tohi" is a mystery, "Naka" and a slight "Chi" appear on the cheeks.
"The first" Daiichi "is essential," Kanae "," Kuchi "is used, and" Saku ", the work of the body" Omi ", makes a voice" Ko ". , Say something. 』\
"Murimutai" is forced to do "stupid things". 』\
It was like "Akireha" was stunned.
There is neither "reason" nor "hi". From the beginning, grab the wife of a person, grab it, and say something, the work of the devil, Akuma, and the unreasonableness. The body is also exorbitant, and I think it's a devil.
Listen to this place, two people, two people. ...... If the people "Omi-tachi" say "I", "Toho", and now "Now", "New", and "Re-do", I will win "How much". It can be done, but it is said that it is trivial and superior compared to the previous Mahe. I >> Futajiya.
It's possible, it doesn't have anything, it's empty, it's scarce, and it's lonely. Even the wooden statue of "Mokuzau", which is said to be made by "Mitachi", is more than nothing. I don't know if it's beautiful or rare because of the item.
However, the master of the castle tower, "Aruji," says that there is life, life, and life in the "outside" of the most "mo" hands. , A bloody lover, a lustrous woman, holding a nigiri, and staying there. Yes, I said that I should go to the substitute for it, fireflies and stars, dust and mountains, and a drop of dew. What is it because it is not as good as "When" and "Ushiho", the tide of the ocean, "Immediately", and "Immediately" won the "Batsugun". Let's take the beautiful woman "Bijiyo" as a wooden statue "Mokuzau" and "Ka".
The sculptured crucian carp can be swam. It's not interesting to say that it's not interesting, but it's roasted, roasted, or aruhi is raw meat. * [# "Mouth + dare", 3rd level 1-15-19] "Kura" is thought to be "main", and if you cook "Riyauri", it will become charcoal "Sumi". It is said that what is the cause of the cutting of the wood, which is made of ash, and which is made of ash.
The devil "Akuma" now wants the meat "Niku" of that "So", seeks the blood "Chi" ... The Buddha "Hotoke" is the demon "Kiji" He surrendered, and said that he had given him a pomegranate, as well as a human flesh, and a pomegranate.
Aiming for the already-existing beauty "Bijiyo" to the prisoner "Tora", to the "main" Fugama "Kachihoko" hand-to-hand "Ahite" "Muka" Fut, "I don't need" compensation "Tsukuna" Hino's slogan "Sengi" should stay.
What is it, or is it the devil, the cigarette butt, the devil, the sun, the flame of the sun, the devil? Is there a device to help the beautiful woman "Bijiyo" by burning the devil "Akuma"'s "Bonnau" [# "Cigarette" is a mama]? Tobacco and special "Kakubetsu" Jiya. There is no good. Yes or no. ......
It was a waste of effort, and it was a matter of fact! There is no need for work, and the work is abandoned. 》 Yes. The old man also needs a riot, and he dedicates his wife to Sunaho without pushing his ass. Because of persuading him.
I thought that I was able to engrave a wooden statue "Mokuzau" on my own, "Kiza", and "Atsupa" in the sky. It's a place to give up, but it's a place for sensibleness. It's wonderful, it's beautiful, and it's strong against the enemy, Ahite. 』\
He raised his finger and finger, and pointed to the cloud.
The wording of "Aruji", the master of the castle tower, is "Toho". In addition, let's look at the mark of that "new", and ... the previous "previously" also declared "ma", the curly hair of the shark skin "samehada" The ugly, dirty, and wooden statue of "Chireke" is dressed in a small manner, with a lid and a heart root. In the bitterness of "Niga / \", I broke it and twisted it, one arm of a woman "Nana", now "now" returned? Hey, receive it. 』\
And, as if to hide the breach of the Hoi "Koromo", "Kuwa", pull it out of the bosom "Futokoro", and throw it out with a pawn.
Immediately, the finger "Yubi" was raised again, the foot "Ashi" was widened, and the shaved "Bauzu" was retired. Izure also put an instep on the grass in the two of the two who had their necks hanging down, and that was a good idea. A funny, gentle arm, Kahina, fell on his back.
Yukie squeezed herself, holding her shoulders and squeezing herself.
The old man, as expected, is still strong, and by the time his hand is "Ahite", he is ridiculed. For the first time, I was able to see how the new disciple's work, Saku, would be bruises. Seeing it as "actually", he said that he was weak, and he said that he was weak. It was thin, but it wasn't lost.
"No, the priesthood" Goshiyutsuki ". 』\
And the condition is changed to "ka" ...
"Insect's whereabouts" was also used as a hoe, but if you look at it, you're just "Meesama". It's a thing that has just been asked to ask for a word. I wonder if it's the right thing to eat anything. ...... Also, "again", you "me-sama", so much "what", this "this" little "person", grudge "envy" and "on" are also reported. As soon as I've done it, I'll do it. ...... The place is a consultation, but he says that he can help his wife, Gobo, by doing something about it. Fu is hey, no, Gobo, human assistant is here, Konata's work, and one person is inserted. It's a waste, and you should think about it. 』And come back.
[# 9 indentation] 42 [# "42" is the middle heading]
When I heard this, he said that he would also have a chance to see it. so,
"If it's true, then I'll be weak if I can say it." From the castle tower, I often handle the mackerel, and no longer think of "moha" and "woman", and "mainly", "kiri", and "people". Satoru Sato ... The souls say that they want to recover even if they return to life instead of life.
Then, the only way to get it back and to get it back is to say "Tate", and to make a compensation "Tsukuna" Hi statue "Zau". The statue of "Zau" in "Tsukuru" is to the souls. "
"Eh, eh, the most" mo ", noh", "waka". No matter what I am, I am a kid, but I am a bloody person, and a warm sculpture is a consciousness. Don't use it, but ... I asked for something else, "Kufu", which was a waste, and what was the most "this" thing? " The arm that was struck was fluttered in an attempt to sculpt it, and the fist of that fist was leaked. Also, the time / \ and the spills overflowed. One or six, or in the grass, in the grass, and in the eyes of the cricket, Kohorogi.
The three people looked at it as ripe.
The shaved head comes first,
"Oyaji ..." and my heart called "Yo".
"Oh, that's this"
As soon as the lid was covered with the lid on the sword, the old man held his hand under the eyebrows and held it over.
"There is something that Chiyo Tsukura Ki has worn, wait, gobo ..."
“…………,”
"What are the few people?" When you were a child, when you were a child, you said that you were a sister and a sugoroku, and that you were a sugoroku statue. When the whereabouts of his wife, Okusama, who had been towed by the rim, and the whereabouts of his wife, were not known, he turned around from the time. Sugoroku is worn by Sugoroku, and now there is a Sugoroku here ... in the mountains of this place. There is a Sugoroku Iwa in Yamaoku. There, the name "Mashiyo" is also high. Occasionally, when the mountain becomes empty and the mountain becomes lonely, the sound of throwing a rumor and a sword is a lumberjack. It resonates with the ears of the lumberjack, and the rumor is that it's a rumor. If the castle tower has a master, Aruji, then it's also a sword. The Lord Nushi lives in ... Both of them have the same "Hadaahi" demon "Mamono", but the sword "Hae" story "Story" is attached to relatives. In the case of "Shinru Tsuki Ahi", I can't live in "I" or "I know". The Makai "Makai" is also "again". I think there will be a way to do it, too, what a rumor, a gobo. "
The shaved chin also had a chin nod a couple of times. Then, I laid down the wide forehead of the deep fluffy so.
"No, I was worried about where I was, and ... no matter what, each of the tops of this" was "Oh / \". "I'm a person" without putting up "I". In order to ask, I wonder if it's the side of that. 』\
"Look at the line". The direction "Haugaku" is northeast "Kitahigashi", spear "Yari" ga | That's it / \ Under the branch of the forest of the castle tower, Mine, you can see the water, and you can see the water. See, again, see Mine, see, see, water, sing, and extract one, one, Mine, Nukide. I'm here. That sky is purple and slightly pink, and it looks light and thin. ――The hemp bag "Asafukuro" has a squeeze of lunch "Hirumeshi", a guy who has a squeeze, and a sack of potatoes. Even if you pierce the potatoes of the mountains and the potatoes and bite them sideways, you can surpass one day and two days. Come on, thank you. A few people. ...... You, "Meesama", picked up the "Sai" of that "So", and "Hiro" is quick. Gobo, ”
"Riding ship" Fune "and myself" I "will also go. …… ”
Then, in the simultaneous "Tsureda", outside the castle tower "Tenshiyu" forest "Mori", over the moat "Hori", for a short time "For a while", Ishigaki "Ishigaki" I was walking on the top.
At that time, the 189 people, Jifu Hatsukunin, rushed over the / \ and the field. I came. A police officer was also associated with the middle, but the direction of the early and the moat was "Muka", and the height of the stone wall was "Ishigaki". In "he", the branch "eda" of the forest "mori" is transmitted, and the figure of the snow branch "yukie" of the ivy "tei" is transformed into a small bird "tori". As soon as it was formed, it appeared that it would enter the cloud and go on. ......
Raise your hand, shake your hat, turn your cane, and so on, and raise your voice in a hurry. However, in that, I saw one arm of a woman who had fallen on a grass and a cane. There is something. After that, it collapsed without a hitch, and in the middle of the day, the fields of the mountain of Matsupiruma, the roses, were scattered, and then, Clouds are hazy.
The curtain of the forest "Maku" falls with "Satsu", and the stage "Sugoroku ni" is set in "Sugoroku". As soon as it was opened, Yukie thought about it. ...... I followed the evil place "Akushiyo" and the difficult road "Nanro", but I think that the time has passed until "Sa", I think it's different. I don't think that it's because of that, and I don't think that I'm tired. Then, I had my feet in my luck, and I arrived at my house, so I went to the forest from the place of the castle ruins. I can only feel the feeling of "Mori" on the earthen wall "Dobei" and the single "Human" distance between the backs "Senakaa" and the neighboring house "Nearby". ――From the old man who says that he will also guide you to the most, the shaved sword, the sword, stands at the tip of the sword. I was walking around.
At the time, at the front, the cherry blossoms of Ichida, as the haze, in the haze, the light that shines in the haze. The next day, "Akegata", sees "Miyaujiyau", and "Ihakage" is the one that hangs on the mountain bosom "Yamafudokoro". "Satsu" and "depression" were reflected on the eyes.
[# 5 indentation] [# headline] Shigorokutani << Shirokudani >> [# end of headline]
[# 9 indentation] 43 [# "43" is the middle heading]
"Rebuke!"
The old man hangs his voice on his mouth, and I and I hang on his mouth.
A gentle, light purple cliff, the shadow of the cherry blossoms is dropped from the haze's garment, the fluffy back to the skirt. "Oto", the drum grass "Tanpo" and the violet "Sumire" Shikimi "Shikimi" Chita Iwa "Iha" in front "Mahe", the beauty of that "Stop" Was there.
When I was little, the party 《someday》 shook my breath.
Look! Look! The surface of the Iwa is smooth, and the blue of the quality is engraved with a glossy luster, and the color of the flower is Hana. If you project "Iro", "Ataka" will also carve a purple "Murasaki" line "Suji", and the natural "Shizen" will be a strange sugoroku. "Sugoroku". A flower is picked on the banmen, and the large flower violet and the drum grass dandelion are the brilliance of the heat haze. In the middle, the drum grass is dark, the violet is thin, and the color is beautiful and beautiful. , Twelve-wheeled "Jifunirin", Twelve-wheeled "Jifunirin", Twenty-four-wheeled "Nijifushirin" piece "Koma" ... In addition, the ward is separated by a bas-relief, two-wheeled Nirin, one-wheeled Ichirin, one-wheeled Ichirin, two-wheeled Nirin, and a lacquer work on the sky. Like the star that was made, it was embossed as if it were a flower.
The beautiful woman, "Stopping", has black hair with a feeling of "depressing" and looking at the "top" of that piece as "real". "Kurokami" was just a single "Ichirin", ... a white "white" drum grass "Tanpo" was pointed to. The flower of this color, Iro, was unique to Ichitani and others.
There is no wind that comes to the battle against the black hair of the light "Karu" and "Kurokami", and the cherry blossoms that become the sky "Sora" are in the sky / \ However, the sound of the flower piece "Hanabira" is heard in the quietness of the bird "Tori" ... One piece "Hitohira" ... Two pieces 《Futahira》 …… Three pieces 《Mihira》 ……
"Three" and "Uguhisu"'s nasty voice "Ko", I think that the sleeves "sleeve" shook "Main" Heba, butterflies "Tefu" Comes with one person, Tsuhira / \, and goes on top of the ban.
"One person,"
And the beautiful woman, "Stop Ta", goes to "Kazo" again, takes the piece "Koma" of the drum grass "Tanpo", and goes to "Inside" in the lattice "Kaushi". ...... The color of the flower "Hana" of the violet "Wa" is separated and replaced with "Shizuka", while the "Nitsuko" and the smile "Ho" 》 Mu. ......
Noble 《Kedaka》 Medium 《Naka》 and 《So》 kindness.
"Ha," said Yukie, who should be thinking, "Hazu", breathing into "Oshikora" while lurking in this "Konata". That's right.
"Who is it? ..."
The voice of the beautiful woman "Stop Ta" hangs.
The old man has a cough as a person, and Yukie's back sticks out as a ton. As soon as it was extruded to this, it staggered, and performed the flowers of the drum grass, dandelion, and violet, and stepped on the clouds. "Ukiashi", fluttering and fluttering, and in front of Sugoroku, the culvert "he" supports both hands "Riyaute" and kneels. I was on my knees.
The shaved sword takes the ring of the pocket, and the old man hangs it, and the old man searches for the hemp bag, the eboshi, and the eboshi. I put on a eboshi with a sack and a crown, and then put out a new one.
The beautiful woman quits, squeezed the calyx and the calyx.
In place of Yukie, who couldn't even make a voice, the old man told the story from beginning to end ...
The shaved "Bauzu" sometimes opens his eyes "Manako" and looks at the profile "Yokogaho" of the beautiful woman "Kisuma".ゞ 《Himi》.
"Princess" Hime-sama ","
The word "kata" and "ha" were called by the old man.
"I've been helped, and now I'm going to a small person, a wish."
"Princess" Hiisama ","
Yukie said, "Kaho", the face of a human being who was a "guy", and "Mia".
"Upper * [#" Moon "instead of" word "in" 藹 ", 3rd level 1-91-26]" Jiyaurau "Which one?" I will.
The beautiful woman "Stop Ta" opened the sleeve "Sleeve" that was inquired "Hikia". Then,
"Tsukahi, the messenger of the castle tower, Tsukahi, the messenger of the castle tower."
Two voices "Futakoe" call "Yo" Baru.
"Hey, my priest is a thing," said the priest, Bauzu, with a pause.
"Oh, if you point to that finger, the heart of the castle tower will be understood. Kae. "
"No matter how you do it," hold one hand and hold one hand, and put one hand on the blue cheek. All of them were opened to the side and responded.
"I'll bet on Sugoroku. I know that and other things, but I don't know anything about it. If I have to ... and if I lose, there is no way to do it. If I, I win. In that case, I will return the wife of this person, Sugoroku, to Sugoroku. Can you make a promise? "
He is a gentle person, but he hears a certain voice with power.
The shaved head pointed to the sky at the word "Gonka".
"In the castle tower," Hey "is like a" Nagusa "that hits Sugoroku with you" "Kane", but you know "Goshochi". If it doesn't exist, it's a sugoroku, and it's a sugoroku. "Nozomi", "Sugoroku", "Place" ... and so on! "
[# 9 indentation] 44 [# "44" is the middle heading]
The beautiful woman is happy with the world ... Haya and the request save the person, and the good roots are merit. While looking at the smiles like "Human", the "Yukie" and the old man "Ji" are lustrous on the left and right. I looked at him and looked at his clean eyes, Hitomi.
"In that case, if I win, I'll give back my wife."
"It's not as good as your wishes, it's a castle, it's springing up at the bottom of a swamp, and it's bathing in a spirit spring. Let's make it Ami, no scratches, no fatigue, no distress, no sickness, and a healthy return. "
The beautiful woman, "Kazu", has twelve "Jifuni" numbers, "Ki" and "Murasaki", both of which are "Riyauhau", and "Satsu" and "Satsu". Wow >>
"The castle tower" Tenshiyu ". Which piece" Koma "..."
"Kayaku shines in the sun as a 赫 耀, the golden flower of Wagon is the winning color, and the drum grass is dandelion. "I" goes to "Hau". "
The shaved cheeks became fluffy, and the shaved cheeks became fluffy, including laughter, until the swelling of the cheeks became thin. The pieces "tops" are changed to two "lids" in a row, "Rokugiyau".
The same 《Ona》 Jiku 2 《Fut》 sequel to the 6th line 《Rokugiyau》 …… It was lined up with the purple 《Murasaki》 lattice 《Kaushi》.
"Purple" Murasaki "takes vermilion" Ake "," Uba ", Princess" Hime-sama "," Violet "flower" Hana ", but in the game" Shobugoto ", the color" Kachiiro " . "
The old man "Jii" looked into the board "Banmen" and had a courageous complexion "Kahotsuki" with the shaved "Bauzu" in the flow.
I laughed bitterly at this, and tied my mouth with a bitter smile. ,
"Za! Above * [#" Moon "instead of" word "in" 藹 ", 3rd level 1-91-26]" Jiyaurau ","
"If you become a customer, from your monk,"
"Yeah," sai "is above * [#" Moon "instead of" word "in" 藹 ", 3rd level 1-91-26]" Jiyaurau ". "I said in a loud voice, Takagoe.
"The number of clouds that go through the sky, Kazu,"
Open the eyebrows and open the heavens, and the white clouds come and disappear, and the white clouds come and go. Clouds come and go and disappear.
"The number of scattered cherry blossoms" is reduced to the number "Kazo", and the wings of the dance "Ma" and "Kuru" butterflies "Tsubasa" are calculated. 》 Then, to the monk 《you》, me 《I》 and then 《Jiyun / \》.
The shaved sword nodded and shook the chin.
"Words, eyes, eyes."
And a high-quality beauty, "Stop Ta".
"Kohime,"
And the shaved "Bauzu" shout "Hitokoe" to each other. At the same time, he hung up his voice on "Uguhisu" and "Owl", and at the same time, "Kakea".
"One comes, two come, two."
Gaze at the cloud of the cloud of the crane, and the dandelion moves the lattice.
To the beauty, take the skirt, put the sleeves on the sleeves, and let the eyes flow, and the heart will come. From the branches of the cherry blossoms, the flower pieces, Hanabira, and the white hairpins, the flowers of the hairpins, are squeezed from the branches of the cherry blossoms. When you squeeze it, increase the color of the crimson "Kurenai", and then "Hirari" and "Hirari" on the sleeves that receive it. And >> Matsuta.
"Right" Migi "is three" Mitsu ","
And return the sleeves to the crab, pull the left fold of the crab quietly, and the flower piece Hanabira will come again. 》.
"One and two,"
The flower "Hana" of the violet entered the lattice "Kaushi" from the white finger "Yubi".
"Clouds, clouds, clouds,"
Then, with a disgusting feeling, the shaved priest rushed out. --It was a conflict "Araso" and a half "Nakaba".
"Clouds are coming, flowers are falling, and this one has a long spirit. See. The handle of the ax is decaying in the inside of the house, and the tamatebako is broken. Renuga. A small person, a person, a spider of that, and a spider of that, and a spider, a spider, and a spider. "Mito" and I "forgot". "
The old man said, "I", the awakening of my eyes.
The young man, Wakamono, had a strong heart and was devoted to his hands as a Buddhist priest. , I went out to "Mahe" in front of "Sotsu" and "Stop Ta".
"One person, one person, one person, two people,"
Said the old man from the side, and he was enthusiastic about it, and made him throw a sword on the rock.
"The princess" Hiisama ", it / \, the star" Hoshi "is one" person ", and the plum" Ume "is five" Go "jiya. "Totabi" also has eyes "de". It's quick, and if that "it", I'll wear a game "Shoubu". "
"I wonder if I'm the one who cares about the treasure of the world, the eagle, and the eagle."
And the shaved "Bauzu" quickly picks up "Hiro" and "To".
"No, it doesn't happen suddenly, the number of flowers is Kazu, the number of butterflies is Kazu, and the number of clouds is Kazu. "What about the shoes?" Said the beautiful woman, "Stopping", shaking her head.
"Well, the princess" Hiisama "! What" Do "Uh, now, in the" Kohime "that has been up to" Now ", once in" Ichido ", one year" Ichinen "is hung. Jiya. The eaves and us are hungry, and there is no dullness, but it is important to help them. "I" Fu, take a look at the body of your wife "Okusama". Take a breath, take a breath, take a whip, take a whip, and take a moment to make a flesh. One minute, Ichibu is squeezed, squeezed, and squeezed ... Defeated by the beam of Tenshiyu, upside down, and whip of the body. I don't have time to spare. "
"Tohori" is a sneak peek, and the shaved "Bauzu" puts up his sleeves for his body. I got it.
[# 9 indentation] Forty-five [# "45" is the middle heading]
The color of the face of the beautiful woman, Kaho, was seen early and by all means.
One is up, six is ​​out, three is changed to "san", two is changed to "kahe", and five is "go". Is average. The heavens, the brilliance of the stars, the brilliance of the stars, the swords of the eyes of the spiders, and the violent movement of the pieces. In a row of clouds, look at the hollow "Nakazora", spider a spider, fly a valley, and erase it. The cloud that has been struck remains, the cloud that continues, the cloud that accumulates, and the cloud that is added to the cloud are bound together. Then, the cloud became thicker, the cloud became thicker, and the cloud became closer to the existing one, and became low. .. ......
If you look at the shadow of the cloud, the shadow of the cloud will be reflected on the face of the beautiful woman, "Takipen", and "Tachima". , Ichitani became dark.
When a sharp mountain violet comes with a violet, it crosses a cloud that is fluttering under the dance, and drifts. The scent of the violet of the cloud was * [# "fire + 發", U + 243CB, 182-14], but it was wiped off. When it was turned off, the electric power "Inazuma" turned off the sky. ...... The shaved "Bauzu" robe "Koromo" covers the board "Sugoroku" of the Sugoroku, which is a disorder of the color "Iro" of Oiwa. On the other hand, the four sides are blacker than the sumi ink.
To the dark night "Anya" like "Goto" Yamafudokoro "Yamafudokoro", the cherry blossom "Sakura" flower "Hana" shoots an arrow "Ya", white "white" rain "Ame" 》 And scatter 《chi》 irrigation 《so》. During that time, the "Ahida" shines with a hoe, and the sky "Sora" is broken from the "Nuime" of the lightning "Inabikari". The face of the shaved "Bauzu" is terrifying ...
If you look at it, you will find that it has a head, a handless "Muzu", and a single "Whenpon" horn. Face "Ganmen" Black "Kuro" Kururushi "Urushi", Eyes "Kuma", Nose "Hanazura", Transparent "Sukitoho" Hydrangea "Ajisawa" Indigo is poured on the face, and the forehead is hung on the face, and the face is hung on the face. From the mouth to the mouth, the width of the mouth is 5 shaku, and the face of Nioh is on the top and two on the bottom. I just put three "mi" in the "done", and the big "ohoki" and the "na" that are left over in the eyes, the click / \ and the sound of the teeth "ha". When it's time to do it, I think it's a crocodile, and I think it's a big mouth. The tongue is red.
"Noisy" Sawa ", sometimes" Time / "\" ... Miyama Yuya "Shinzan Ikoku" strange "hen". I don't know what a little person, who's face, what's the figure, what's wrong, what's wrong. Hey! Surprise and madness go crazy, close your eyes, squeeze, squeeze, and slump. Let's close the eyes. "
Said the old man.
Yukie lay down her heart and body, sucked into Iha, and squeezed her breathing, but her chest was breasted. The palpitation of "Dauki" was lifted, swayed, and swayed, and Yamatani's "Sankoku" was exhausted.
The thunder 《rai》 echoed as 《ゐ / \》.
In the sound "adult", in "inside"
"Ki"
The fine, transparent voice of the beautiful woman, "Omohiki," squeezes her chest, and ears. ”Through 《Soundless》.
"What do you want to do? What should I do?" Futahaya "ha" and now "now" ... begging eyes "kohime"! "
The voice of the exaggerated "dusty" sword "bauzu" echoed.
"Hey, I won."
Screaming, screaming, laughing at the loud noise "from / \" and laughing "straw" suddenly "human", pointing at the sky "sora" the tip of the finger "yubi" To 《Koromo》, the skirt of the garment 《Koromo》 hits the skirt and the upper 《Aga》, and the sleeve of the black cloud 《Kurokumo》 is rolled up and goes to the void Tow the electric "Inazuma" and fly.
As a loneliness in the aftermath of the cold and the wind, the valley is in the blink of an eye, and the original heat haze is in the air.
However, the light of the sun is light, the weakness is weak, the clothes are worn on the neck / \ and the body, and the place is thin. The shadow is delicate, and the scattered cherry blossoms, Hana, have a sugoroku on the back and a neck. The beautiful woman, "Stopping", puts her hand on her forehead, "A", and "Sugorokuban" on the Sugoroku board. It was a humorous atmosphere.
"Princess" Hime-sama ","
The string of the eboshi, which was distorted by the song, was tied to the wind, but the voice of the old man, Ko, was also powerful. There was nothing.
"Princess" Hiisama "."
And kneeling, ... Yukie stretches out and supports her knees, and her sleeves. I worshiped around.
"I'm sorry I was asked, but I'm sorry."
Two lines "Futasuji", three lines "Misuji", and the back hair "Kurege"'s pretending face "Kaho" is raised, and the young man "Wakamono"'s face "Kaho" is elaborated. Looking at "actually" and "long", the eyelashes "eyelashes", the flowers "hana"'s drops, the opposition "tsu" and the light "hika", Hara / \ Drop the tears of the ball "Tama".
The old man also clogged his nose.
Yukie squeezed her body and gushed out, and as soon as she squeezed herself, she was squeezed and shed hot and soft tears. ..
"I'll give up, ... I'll give up ... I'll give up ... I'll give up on Ura. What's that? You can use your dreams or dreams, and if your dreams are dreams, don't wake up forever, I'll be here, you. Place it next to you and put it under your dreams.
Your 《you》 、 life effect 《lively》 I 《I》, punishment 《bachi》 also hit, death 《kama》 han. "
He throws himself in front of him and throws himself in the hands of a sword and a beautiful woman. I should pay the pitcher, and go to the attendant, Toriso.
"Snow-sama" Yuki-sama "."
"Gently" and say "I".
"e,"
No, isn't the old man surprised?
[# 5 indentation] [# headline] Head of lion "shi" "kashira" [# end of headline]
[# 9 indentation] 46 [# "46" is the middle heading]
"I'm nostalgic. I'm your friend, who was seven years old when you were seven years old, and was by your side. At the edge of the past world, I think that I will be in love with you, forever / \, and I will be in one place. Ro appears in the shape of the city without knowing it, and the night when the snow falls on the Kisaragi of the capital Miyako. The snow of that "Yuki" came to "Mukahi" from his hometown "Furusato", and ... the spirit of returning "Ki" is trivial. Even though there is no such thing, I entered the room on the second floor of the second floor with a sword on the back of you, and entered the room on the second floor. -Your father "Tosama" sees "Look" in the eyes ... Suddenly, your "You" is a big "Oho". In the meantime, around the age of the year, I, I, and the two of us hugged the couple, Fuufu, and the ripeness of the couple, and the shape of the shape. Look at it, and ... at the mysterious woman, Nana, and immediately at that place, the ash of the fireplace, the stove, was turned into yes. However, from the outer surface of the door, the moon is wrapped in smoke in the snow of the snow. I returned to my hometown of this old "original" under "Tsuki".
The ruthless one received the blame for having fallen in love, and from that time, only one person, one person. Even now, even if you take the turn of Sugoroku Iwao and hit the rain dew "Ametsyu", you ... I can't forget it.
I wonder if that heart is sloppy, even if your "you" have passed the years and the days have passed. Don't forget about "I", yesterday "Kinofu" and yesterday "Otohi", I'm thinking "mainly" I'm sorry, but my wife was able to do it, so I decided to do something else.
It is not a grudge against it. I can't be jealous or jealous, but ... I'm sorry to say that, because of that, I'm ashamed of my work from my enemies. Accept and play. ...... If you calculate the number of clouds and flower pieces, Kazu, you will get a thought, Kohime, and Sugoroku. Even though I had won the Sugoroku, ... I was fighting for the moment, and I was rushing to play with my soul. Therefore, while thinking that it is dangerous, I am selfish, and I am oblivious to the cuteness of my love, and my heart is forgotten. Since this was disturbed, it was towed by a ghost, and it was used by a human being, so it was an enemy without any effect. I was defeated. Your "you" is also evil, and I "I" is also evil.
Ah, the flower "Hana" is also in a state of turmoil, and while it isn't, the wife "Okusama" is helped out of the cloud "Spider". Look at the joyful face of your "you" from the "shadow" of the butterfly "if", and after that "that" "After", the name was "Nano" Rita Ugo-san. "
The red lips move gracefully, and the flower Hana whispers, but ecstatically forgets me. From Yukie, who is a resident of Kuni, the land of Hida, and beyond, it extends to other awe.
"Namsanpo, Ayamarika," said, scratching the eboshi hat and scooping it into the boar neck.
"No / \ This" this "is also a fixed promise" Yakusoku "....... But it's still" nostalgic ". I'll throw away "yo", and I'll put my life on the side of me, and I'll give it to you. In that word, His wife, Okusama, can be saved ... I, too, will let him fulfill his wishes, even if he lives.
Now, your "you", once again, make a wooden carving "Kibori" statue "Zau" to compensate for your wife "Okusama". Engrave a certain form of life that is "immediately", "masa", and "life".
Lack of 屹 《Kitsu》 and enemy 《Kataki》 does not say 《Fusoku》. I put the flower pieces "Hanabira" on the snow "Yuki" and cool the homura of the demon "Mamono"'s worldly desires "Hiya". Let me make it, ... Grandfather, "
In return, "Mikahe"
"Your man lent the sword" Kogatana "of the house" Ihe "Shigeyo" to "Yukisama" to Yuki-sama. Knife >> I'm sorry. "
"I knew it."
When he receives the sword, Kogatana, he holds it with his fingers, and when he receives it, he engages with it. Release the "Hana", softly, gently, and the instep of the hand of Yukie, the hard and hard. The finger "Yubi" also moves, and the crab is rubbed with a stroke, and the beautiful woman "Stops" holds it in the palm of her hand. ..
* [# "Eyes + Season", 3rd level 1-88-80] "Mimaha", straighten the clothing crest "Emon", and head for Yukie. In the meantime, behind the scenes, Sugoroku Iwao, and the first one, Yui, and the waist, are hung on the top. However, I released a sugoroku and removed the piece of violet, dandelion, and dandelion to the top of the board. Then, I took a sugoroku and put it on the side.
The heat haze 《Kagerafu》 hung on the 裳 《Mosso》.
The appearance of the beautiful woman, "Ari-sama," is the appearance of a purple "Murasaki," on top of the "Komame," and a rainbow, "Pillow," as a pillow. is there.
Yukie saw that she had fallen down, and started up.
"... Snow-sama, my eyes, my eyebrows, my forehead, my knives, my knives Look at the face, the hair of me, the hair of me, and the hair of me with the sword of that sword. "
"Yeah," the old man was surprised, and made a screaming voice with his teeth pulled out.
"I see, there is a shortage of castle towers," Fusoku "is a word, but there is no such thing as a" address ", and it is a world of extermination."
"Yuki-sama, I don't feel any pain. I don't have blood, I can't even sneak my eyebrows. Now, with a knife, this is what this is, ... this is what this is ... "
"I'm afraid, I've given up, I'm a wife, I'm afraid I'm injured. I'll put you in one place with you." Please, ask your grandfather, and take your hand once again. "
Throw out a sword 《Karari》 and a sword 《Kogatana》.
"While you can't lose your heart, take a quick sword, Kogatana .... With that kind of thing in mind, his wife, Okusama, is now doing what he is doing. "
Listen to it。
"Watsu," crying, Yukie, who clung to the sideways "Yokozama", made her breast "breast" prone, and only "was".ゞ》 Battle 《Ono》 ……
While Xu and others scratched the back of that, as soon as my sister Ane did it,
"It is decided that it will be a human being," Mariko, ... The luck of a person, "Yeah," is one, and the star of the heavens, "Hoshi." It is said that it is an inn, and it is the same as that, all over Japan, where it is, where it is, and when it is there. One day, "Aruhi", the person "Human" meets "Yukia", the mountain "Yama", the field "No", and the water "Mizu". Whether it's a tree, a grass, a stone, a bridge, or a house, it's a fixed luck from the front. If it's a flower, it's a flower, if it's a butterfly, it's a butterfly, if it's a cloud, it's a cloud, and it's beautiful. 》 It ’s terrible, it ’s lonely, it ’s rusty, it ’s colored, and it ’s drawn. Two people are not the ones who can live together.
Only "Ta" shape "Shape", no matter when "when" or where "Izu", you "mainly" when "when", there "there", just in case When you slurp, you can go straight to the meeting, call, play, and play.
Haya 《ha》, knives 《Kogatana》 ……, knives 《Kogatana》 ……, 」
"Returning Ceremony" Kimiya Urai ", Minami Mysterious" Namufukashigi ", Returning Ceremony" Kimiya Urai ", Minami Mysterious" Namufukashigi "."
When the old man picked up "Hiro" and handed it over to "Tona", Yukie took "Hishi" and a knife "Kogatana". And >>
"One sword and one worship, worship, worship, reliance, reminder, reminder,"
The old man said, "Baldness" and "Baldness".
"Princess" Hime ", Princess" Hime ","
And courage
"If I attach a flaw, I will not die."
I saw it as ripe, and took the knife again, Torinaho.
The appearance of a beautiful woman, "Ha na Shi", and the image of a wood carving "Kibori", when it was formed, when it was formed, and when it was taken on the knee, Yukie can be separated from her knees by hugging her knees.
The old man pulled his hand and raised it, and now Kaharu / ″ \ negative string, hug , 嶮 岨 《Kenso》 difficult place 《What's going on》 and 《Hikikahe》. By the time of the ruins of the castle, I stayed overnight at "Hitoyo" and Yamanaka "Sugoroku".
The beauty of the star "Hoshino" on that night.
In the middle, near the edge of the mountain, there is a statue of a beautiful woman, Zau, who decorates the forehead of the mountain and shines. There was a mountain.
The next morning, "Ake no Asa", the cloud of the ridge "Mune", "Ki", ​​"Afu", and "Isa", ascended to the castle tower "Tenshiyu". Then, on the 4th floor, the top was cut off, and on the 5th floor, the mouth of the Gokai, the darkness of the ridge, and the golden color of Konjiki. He released the light "Hana" and saw the "Ran / \" eyes "Manako".
1 ｜ Eyes, see, see,
"Hi, my grandfather, Onjiidon,"
The old man shouted, "Salmon" ... That "it" is similar to the head of a golden "Kogane" lion, "Kashira", one "Whenko" blue. The head of the lion on the face, "Kashira", and "Meisaku", a masterpiece of wood carving "Kibori". Pressing the turret "Yagura", there is a sword. Both the horn and the fang were the ones I saw in the black cloud of the Sugoroku valley. ......
He received a statue of a beautiful woman, "Zau," saying that his grandfather, "Ohoji," had a story about his first time in "Hisashi," and he received an old man, "Ji." "I" left the castle tower "Tenshiyu" with a sword "Agura" and then "after". At that time, my grandfather, Ohoji, said that he was my soul, and he put on a hemp bag, an eboshi, and a crow hat. I gave it to "Yukie".
By the way, I returned to the hot spring inn "Yunoyado", but the people "Human /" \ are refreshing with the color "Iro" of Yukie's face "Kaho". There is a letter of "Izutsu" that I handed over for the first time after seeing.
On the way, from Tochiyu, under the name of Ura, the two of them got married before they got married. There is one student of the boy who had a marriage. From the first night of "Tabi", the first night of "Tabi", the secret moon of "Tabi", to the room next to "Tsukimato". At any time, I'm always staying at the hotel ... It's scary, but from the morning sickness of the words, Sugorokuya I'm trying to make a bet on the contract of the second generation, "Kapponadaka", and I hear "Sugoroku", the famous mystery "Shinpi" in the mountains. Since neither Yamaoku nor Tote can endure sinfulness, he said that he would hide himself with all of them.
The culvert was a divine color, and it was self-reliant.
Ah, the god "Kami" protects Yukie Kamura "Kamura Yukie" and gives him "Tama"!
However, there is no such thing as a woman who is in love with her, and she should be crazy. It was.
After returning to Tokyo, after returning to Tokyo, the call was made to Kota, and the beauty of Sugoroku Valley was revealed. As soon as I saw the statue of "Stop" by opening my eyes, I could see the sugoroku / \. The chisel "only" sword "kogatana" of the jute bag "Asafukuro" works freely "in a good way".
When the statue was formed, when it was formed, when it came to the north, when it came to the north, and when it came to the sky, it caused a black cloud to wake up. I skipped the hail while I was there.
After the year, when I played in the hot springs of Sugoroku and Sugoroku, when I played, the oldest man was the oldest. 》 Was not there. However, there is a boat in the moat of the castle ruins, and the figure of an old man, not a heron, is carved in wood. After seeing the two standing, the culvert holds a hand to Ashima and eventually worships the castle tower. Yes >>.
If you get on the boat, you can even row / \ and row out, and return to the place where you can't burn, or to the original position. It will return to its original state ... It will appear as a kimono like the ship "Fune" of Noah's Ark.
Bottom book: "New Edition Kyoka Izumi Vol. 8" Iwanami Shoten
Issued the first print on January 7, 2004
Parent of the bottom book: "Kamichi" Bunsendou Shobo
September 16, 1909 (Meiji 42)
First appearance: "Kamichi" Bunsendou Shobo
September 16, 1909 (Meiji 42)
* The bottom book is a large scale of "ga" (ward number 5-86) used for counting things and place names.
* The mixture of "onsen" and "onsen", "castle toes" and "castle ruins", "鎗" spear "ga | ridge" and "spear" spear "ga | ridge" is the basis. It's a street.
* Ruby "Uo" and "Io" for "fish", ruby ​​"Mizusoko" and "Mizusoko" for "bottom", and ruby ​​"hahi" and "yes" for "ash", " The mixture of ruby ​​"Baushi" and "Eboshi" for "Eboshi" is the same as the original.
* The title is "Shinsaku" in the original text.
* The signature at the time of the first appearance is "Kyoka Short History".
Input: Kiyotaka Sandpit
Proofreading: Hiroshi Kadota
Created August 12, 2007
Revised February 22, 2016
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
