Shiobara Tasuke Travel Diary
Sanyutei Encho

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) This is

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) 2 | Address << Banchi >>

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Numbers are JIS X 0213 area area number, or original page and number of lines)
(Example) Yowakabayashi * [# "King + Sweet", 4th level 2-80-65]

/ \: Double dance character (repeated symbol in the shape of a vertically lengthened "ku")
(Example) Iro / \
* Double the dance character with dakuten is "/" \ "
-------------------------------------------------- -----

No, this is Wakabayashi-sensei, please go to this place. It's been a long time since I shook my eyes and shook my eyes. Urasaru Gakuchiyau 2 | Moved to the address "Banchi" It is said that he was transferred to "Gotenjiu", so he went to "Chiyotsuto" and "Ihe" to visit "Mimahi". I'm going to go up, but I didn't have any talk about sending anything to your tatami room, so I just took it. Sometimes there is such a story. This is to the place of the deceased Kojin Shibata Zeshin, who was on the Ishigiri Riverbank of Goshochi, which you also know. I heard that I was going, but I was laughing at this ... wherever I went, I was familiar with it. I know that it is a story of Tasuke Shibata of "Goshochi", but this is Tasuke of "Ko". It was the first time that Shibata Zeshin taught me the story of "Den", but I wonder if it's funny. At that time, I went to the people "Hau /" \ to find out the seeds of the story of the ghost story "Kuwaidan". It is said that he bought the seeds of the ghost story "Kuwaidan" and bought "Kakemono". Because there is a Kakemono, I want to talk about a hundred ghost stories to Koshira, and at that time, the world is still around. I couldn't open it, and the story of the ghost story was sold. It was my time, so I walked looking for the seeds. When I went to the place of "Zesinou", "Zesinou" said, "You are nowadays" a lot of "Taiso" ghost stories "Kuwaidan". Please look for the seeds. "" Please look for the seeds of the ghost story "Kuwaidan" 100 | Seed purchase "Iroka folds". 8 | Daime 》 Dan 《Dan》 10 ｜ Ro 《Rau》, Ichimura Hazaemon 《Ichimura Uzaemon》 ghost story 《Kuwaidan》, Sawamura Mune 《Sahamuraso》 10 ｜ Ro 《Rau》 Godenji Yochiu's ghost story "Kuwaidan", Iwai Han "Ihaihan" 4 | Ro "Rau"'s ghost story "Kuwaidan", and other "that" I heard "I'm collecting various" Iro / \ "," he said. Suddenly, "Zesinou" said, "Encho, a strange ghost story." There is a seed of "Tane". It's a funny and funny ghost story "Kuwaidan", but you don't know what "Mahe" is, Tasuke Shiobara "Shihobara Tasuke" "Honjiyo" Aioicho "Ahiohichiyau" 2 | Chome "Chiyaume" charcoal shop "Sumiya" ghost story "Kuwaidan" "I don't know" "Sakane, Tasuke Shiobara" The well of "Tasuke" and Ifu charcoal shop "Sumiya" is the inner well "Uchiido", but the house "of which" is a big ghost, so what is the name? It's a splendid "Ritsupa" well, which is made of a fairly "Kakemono" stone with "Na". However, it is married to "Naka" in the "So" well. "Yome" threw himself and died, and the second and third generation masters were crazy, because it was the first time that the house "Soihe" was crushed. There's a terrible ghost story that doesn't have anything to do with sleighs or anything. "" Hmm, how about that? I don't know what it is, but I don't know what it is, but the person who says "Tasuke", the first generation of "So", is "Tasuke". A person from Joshu, who came out of Hau, and who came from the same country, Kunimono, came to help Tasuke. I also want to be a big substitute for you, because the country's house, Ihe, has been crushed, so earn money in Edo. , I came out with the desire to revive the country's house, so please lend me the capital. Suddenly, Tasuke can't sway, and there's no way to borrow capital from someone else, no matter what. If the ants are suffering from the problem and the towers are piled up, and the bots / \ swords are not squeezed, they can become big swords. It's not, so the rabbits and the horns are fine, and the small merchants, Akina, and the second ｜ Zhu 《Shiyu》 or the third ｜ Zhu 《Shiyu》 back shop 《Uradana》 I lived in Japan, earned a lot of money, and in the dark in the morning, I went out to the business, Akina, and the sun lived. After that, I came back to the country, and at night, I was ready to buy the tomorrow's folds the next day, and I wanted to go out. Kaichi | If you don't save money by earning money without sleeping, you can really save money in real money. Unbearable. I, etc., suffered as much as I did, and gradually became "Uhe" on top of my body. I was impressed with the fact that this person was also Tasuke, so I was impressed with what he was doing. I started a pickle shop "Tsukemonoya" from this. Then, since there is a quotient "Akina" string in the appropriate "Sauou", save it from "Uchi" in the quotient "Akina" Hitaka "Daka" and deposit it in Tasuke "Nasuke". The number of "Azu" was gradually increased to "Dan / \" and "Tsumo", and only 200 | At that time, 100 | both "Riyau" 200 | both "Riyau" were big things, so I returned to the country with this. It is said that you can buy a rice field and build a house, so I am very happy and happy. After consulting with "Tasuke", he returned to the country "Kuni". Return to the country and promise to buy rice fields, or cut down the timber that builds the house from the mountain. When you come out, or when you come back to Edo with a proper hand, Tasuke Shiobara Died. I was surprised at how big it was, and immediately went to the house of Tasuke Tasuke, and went to the head of the banto. , The clerk is a cunning guy, so I don't care about that kind of thing. I don't have a will at the time of my death, so I can't give it up. It is said that "what" was deposited in the evidence "Shoko", or if it was deposited, there must be no evidence "Shoko". A greeting that can't be attached even if it's taken. At that time, since human beings are big, "Kane" is attached to "Ichi / \" one by one with a passbook "Kayohichiyau" that keeps money "Kane". I left it, but the book "Chiya Umen" was deposited with Tasuke "Hau" and returned to "Azu" Kuni "Kuni". There is no proof of anything because the clerk has been fooling around. Well, that person is sullen and unbearable, so it's not different from the deposit, Tasuke-san. If so, there is no such thing as "that", so please return it. There is no such thing as affirmation. It is said that there is no such thing as a deposit and a sense of humor. The dispute that is not from the deposit "Azu", the place where the sun is shining, the car power of entering and exiting, and the workman "work" A large number of "Ohozei" collections "Atsuma" came, and this guy "this guy" is different from the "fake", so there is no difference, so Poka / \ beat " I was able to make a prominent appeal to the front, but I couldn't do it because I didn't have any evidence. He cried when he was scratched by a flaw in his head, but in the country he bought a rice field and felled wood. I promised to start, and I've even hit the money, so I can't say that I can't make money anymore. I can't do it. Since the old man had a narrow space, he was at a loss and returned to his house and his wife. I talked to "Yobau" about "Ichibushijiu", and on top of that, "Konohe" was a couple-specific "fluffy" girl who was only seven years old. There is no other way than to leave it to my wife and return to the country. Suddenly, there is nothing without your mahe's dough, Ikuji, and you can't deposit what you have deposited. , Yes, come back, come back, what is the translation, especially the head of the thing. When you come back with a flaw, you don't have any extra fabric, too much. I don't like to tie up with people who don't have the fabric, I don't like it. This child is a child of you, so it's okay for you to raise it. "I", I "I" will be associated with a person who is strong, so I will say "Hakujiya". This woman wasn't brought from the country, but she might be the woman who had it in Edo. Obviously, I don't know what it is, but I don't know what it is, but because it's a woman with a mercilessness, I rushed to the front of the host. 》 Start out. The man is crying, staring at his house, and crying / \ when he tries to go to his house, his father A girl will come after you, so please go back to your mother's place. He told me that my father thought that he was nothing, and he cried and returned to the back of the child. Seeing off, Ahguchi is regrettable, the second generation Tasuke is a terrifying guy, and he entrusts his father with money. Knowing that he was crying, he said that he had no crying sensation, but he was a terrible guy, Shiobara. He threw himself from Azumabashi, asking if he should put the grass in the house of "Ihe". Then, Mr. Encho, I don't know what the corpse was at the time of the tide, but in front of the flow / \ Shiobara. I arrived at the pier "Sanbashi" of "Mahe". It is said that the kid of the store "Mise" finds "Mitsu", and Dozaemon Naruse wears it, and Dozaemon Naruse wears it. It makes a noise. When the young people went to see what they were saying, they came to the Satsuki store Mise earlier and quarreled with the clerk Banto. Then, from the fact that it resembles a countryman who was prominent, "Bantou", the head of the "Bantou" lined up, and he said, "I see." I see, because it's Dozaemon Naruse, a countryman who came to the Satsuki store Mise earlier, he's a villain, but he has a good feeling. I don't have mochi, but my hair is terrifying, but Dozaemon Naruse is prominent, so I'm a workman. "Shi" has a hand key "Tekagi" and "Ki", and the trouser "Karuko" has a long sword "Naruse" and "Ki", and it protrudes. Then, it will return to the pier of that pier, and it will come back, no matter how much it is thrown out, it will come back. Because it's a cloud, it's said that you shouldn't do that, so the place where the three | people's hangers gradually protruded, but the pier was a pier. It is said that two car powers were killed instantly, and one worker was a worker, and the spirit was different. 》 Fuss 《Sawa》. Then, isn't that a curse? / \ I have a sickness, and now I have a neuropathy or something. However, the second generation took it as a sickness and finally became sick of it. After that, the third generation got his wife "Yome", although I forgot the name, it was something like "Jiyausama" or "What", the daughter of Hatamoto. The young lady of Hatamoto, Jiyausama, came to her daughter-in-law, Yome, and became a sick person, so she became a big sword. Then, the daughter-in-law of this "Yome" was harassed by her sister "Ane" and the leader "Bantou", so the daughter-in-law "Yome" couldn't stay. Then, when I returned to my parents' house, my father, Oyaji, was a samurai of the old temperament, so he was left behind. The ghosts will be hand-made, and no matter what happens, the woman will be the wife of her sister. I was told that I had to make it a real house, and I was told that I had to go home, so I was at a loss. When his sister's daughter-in-law, Yome, jumps into the inner well of Shihobara, Uchiido, and appears as a ghost, the ghost is crushed for the first time. That big house was crushed, but what was it and this was an interesting ghost story? " This is an interesting story, and I wanted to use it as a seed to tell an interesting story, but Tasuke Shiobara, who is called that. However, I don't know if I'm in Aioi-cho, Honjiyo Ahiohichiyau, because I've never heard of it. I went to the corner of the rabbit and went to the main place, and I was thinking of looking for it, so I went to the house of the true man, Itoma. I went straight from this to the main office.
By the way, I went to the main office "Honjiyo" directly after "Itomagohi" at the house of "Zesinou", and got a little friendly. When I listened to "Dan / \" gradually because there were people from "I", there was a hardware store "Kanamonoya" on the side of the bridge of the second "Me". If you go there and ask about it, you'll be sick of it. Then, when I asked if there was a charcoal shop "Sumiya" of "this / \" at that hardware shop "Kanamonoya", although the name is not "I". I see, Tasuke Shiobara and Sumiya, a charcoal shop, are there, but it's said that it's very old. Then, when I asked if there was anyone who knew about Shiobara, it was nothing. No matter where I look for it, I don't know. At that time, I was 69, and although it wasn't as much as the head of a workman, when I asked the person who took care of him, I was Shiobara. I went in and out of Shihobara's house, but I didn't know the details. Then, I heard where the temple of Shiobara "Tera" would be located, but Morishita "Morita" of Asakusa "Toyoji" and Ifu Zen Buddhist temple "Zenshi" It is said that it is "Udera". Then, immediately, I left the main temple, crossed Azumabashi, went to Morishita, and searched for it. Eight | There was Toyo-ji Temple and Ifu-ji Temple of the Soto sect in Kenderamachi. At the gate, when you go down from the car and crawl in, you will see a circle on the fusuma paper of the entrance, and a cross mark on the circle. There is a "sign" attached. Hatena, I thought this was the temple of Satsuma-sama. Buy flowers at the gatekeeper "Monban" and clean the grave "Haka" by spending ten | money "Senzai", Tasuke Shiobara " I wonder if the grave of Shihobara Tasuke is here, I am a relative of Shihobara Shihobara, but it was my first time. So I don't know the grave, so please guide me. Suddenly, I said, "I'm afraid," and I guided him to the grave and cleaned it. Since he gave me a sword, I went to the grave in front of the grave, and I wasn't a relative, anything, but my ancestors weren't. While doing a sneak peek with Dai / \, when I look at it, the tombstone is surrounded by the gravestone, and the name "Kaimiyau" is engraved. The first is Tasuke Shiobara, which is deeply carved. On the back of the stone pagoda, "Ura", there is a new pagoda, "Tafuba", and it says "Umenoya". While thinking about the suspicious "Fushin", whether Umenoya "Umenoya" raised the tower "Tafuba" in the translation "Why", Yatate "Yatate" and the paper entry "Kamiire" I took out the nose paper "Hanagami" and copied the command name "Kaimiyau" and the popular name "Zokumiyau". Since Gauguwatsupi is not clear for Hatsuki, I went to the entrance of the temple, Genkuwan, and asked, "I asked for it." "I'm going to do it," he said, and the little priest "Kobauzu" came out and acted as an agent. It belongs to the relative "Enru" of "Chiyaume" Shiobara Tasuke "Shihobara Tasuke", but I still don't know the grave "Haka" of Shiobara "Shihobara", and only "Ta" Shiobara " I heard that the temple of Shihobara is here, and I went to the grave today to visit the grave, this is just I'm just confident, but I'd like to ask for the predecessor Tasuke's "Gokau". " When you put it out with "Tsu", "Oku" comes out from "Oku", and "Ki", let alone "You are the relative of Tasuke Shiobara". Is it the person who is the one, or the foolish priest is the resident of the house? Today, I'm in a hurry because I don't have a base for "Hello", so please do "Gokau" later ... Please put in tea and serve gold and rice sugar or something, saying, "I'm hoping for a gokau." "I'm afraid." Then, in the hands of Mr. Osho, "Umenoya", a group fan of "Umenoya", a waiting room for Hasegawa-cho "Hasega Hachiya", is two | books. Since there is a "real", what is the "Uchiha" of the Umenoya "Umenoya" in the Hatena Koji Temple? There was a tower of Umenoya in the grave of Shihobara in Shiobara, so I translated it into something. Thinking about the fact that there is, "Mr. Osho, the group fan here is Umeno, a waiting room for Hasega Hachiya in Nagakawaya-cho. Is it "Uchiha"? "" Is it "Sayau" on the left? "" Is Umenoya "Umenoya" this "Danka"? "" No, Danka " It's not a translation, but the person who submits the notification of "Ahida" Shiobara "Shihobara" for a long time is Umehiroya "Umenoya". There is nothing else, so there is a fan of this "Uchiha". "" What is that? " It was the wife of Tasuke Shiobara of Daime, and after the death of her husband, Teshiyu, she went to Hasegawa-cho. I put out a waiting room called "Umenoya" and "Machiahi". "" Are you sure? "Sojiya A. If you ask Umenoya's mother," Fukuro ", Shiobara "Shihobara" is a matter of commission. What I hear from Umenoya is that there is no feature. Toifuno is Umenoya, which is a Yoriai Chaya in the rakugo society, Rakugoshi Yakuwai. I hope for "Kau", and I will also "want" to visit "Omairi" ", and then immediately" Hamamachi "Ichi | Chome" Chiyaume Go to the flower house "Hanayashiki" Sotetsu "Ahitetsu" and the Ifu restaurant "Chiyaya", and go to the set "Zen" to "Atsura" and the house "Uchi" I took a car and asked him to come straight to me with this car, and I went to Umenoya to meet him.
Umenoya is a rakugoka storyteller, a rakugoka storyteller, and a rakugoka storyteller. At that time, I was the president of the rakugoka rakugoka, and I was the president of the storyteller. He came by "Satsusoku" and "That car". "What did you do, what did you do, what did you do for Kifu?" "No, I'd like to ask you about the new one, but you" "Mahe" has been married to Shiobara "Shihobara" and a charcoal wholesaler "Sumidonya". "Aru Sauda" "Yes, the charcoal wholesaler" Sumidonya "is a sword. When I came to Umayabashi after being crushed by a sea urchin | I was haunted by me. " "Teshiyu" is "Hidesan" and "Rau" is the fifth generation. "" Did you die early? "" Hey, I'm a little different. "I died early," he said, and I think he was the one who was familiar with the story of "I see." I got it. "There is no book" Kakimono "at your place-Mr. Mahe-the document of your ancestor" Gosenzo "Shiobara Tasuke" Shihobara Tasuke " Something "what" or something left behind "I don't have anything" "I don't have anything", there is a little leftover "nothing" However, since it was burned by the fire of "Konomahe" the other day, there is no writing "Kakitsuki", but Kuroba double "Kuro" worn by his ancestor "Gosenzosama" There is one kimono with a big sword crest on Habutahe. It is the second generation | Shihobara, but it is a great ancestor. When I became an ancestor and inherited the traces, my father, Totsu, and you, Mahe, became a ancestor of only this. Then, it's okay to wear a slightly crisp kimono, but it's always funny because it's a cotton tube of "momen". When I asked him to wear this, he put out the kimono of the Kurobane double "Kurohabutahe", but when he wore this kind of thing, he was the ancestor of the merchant "Akindo". I've never worn it because it's an ancestor. The kimono remains. Then, the wooden statue of the ancestor "Gosendai" and the past book "Kuwakochiyau" are left behind. " "I want to get it," said the proprietress, "Otsukaa," who went straight to the car and picked it up. Among them, "rice" was made to "atsura" in "of which", so eat "rice" and all of the past book "kuwakochiyau" of that "so". "Everyone" has been photographed "depressed". In the past book "Kuwakochiyau" of that "So", "Tasuke Shiobara" Foster father "Yafu" Kakuemon Shiobara "Shihobara Kakuemon", father "Jitsupu" It has the same name as Kakuemon Shiobara. Hatena, I thought that the same name was strange, so "Mother Tsuka-san, this one has the same name, but what is this? When I heard that, "I don't know what I'm doing, I say that's what happened to the book, but I don't know what I'm doing. "Nonu" "The first Tasuke of Shiyodai is a person of Joshu, but Sakai" "Saue, Joshu" "Yashiu" Numata "Numata" is the existence of "Zai" "" Where village "Dokomura" is a minute "Waka" "Thank you" "Rimasenu" "I've heard a little about it, so I'm thinking of going to Numata" and seeing "I" "Relatives of Numata" "Shinru" was the time when the fifth generation was a master "Tatsushiya", and "Jibun" occasionally came to "Ri / \" Hiroshi "Tazu", but he died. After that, there is no sound of "Otosata", if you meet, please do not hesitate ... "" What is your name? "" Master " Mr. Shishiya, I'm old and I'm sick of remembering, so I don't remember well, but I don't remember anything, but there are many. It was a name with the letter "ji", but I forgot it. "" Minute "Waka" "Waka" "Waka" "Waka" I didn't know the name, and I was almost in trouble, but I didn't know if I had to ask for details, so I'd like to go home from this. When I returned to Kahe, I immediately started to prepare for the departure, so the person at my house was surprised and where I went. Name. For a little reason, he said he would travel for some reason, and suddenly he wanted to go to one of his disciples and what he wanted to do, but he was a disciple. There are some things that are a little inconvenient for "Tsugafu". There is a man who pulls a car called "Sakai Denkichi" in his house, and this man has nine powers | human power, why nine. ｜ When there is human power, there is a fire help to the three laps of Shinrui, a relative of the radish riverbank. I took out nine tatami mats at a time by myself, so I thought that there was nine human powers. He called the Denkichi of that, and said, "Sometimes I go from this time, Shimono, to Furoshiki to Joshu. I think I'm going to go with you to the furoshiki, but it's not interesting, it's a terrible mountain. Go inside, but go back, "" Thank you, "-I'll go in any mountain, my country of origin, Furoshiki. At Toyama in Echichu, it's an anti-soul furoshiki, so it's a furoshiki with a baggage, and it's still a wide medicine. I'm going to sell only in the boring mountains, and then again, the next year, I'm going to sell in the mountains, so I'm walking in the mountains. I'm walking around, and I'm also powerful, so it's okay if there are five or six oihagi on the way. , Toyama's drugstore "Kusuriya" doesn't really tie the furoshiki "Furoshiki" in front of him, and he doesn't stay there. The knot of the furoshiki was pulled out one by one on the straight line, and then the baggage was thrown out to the back, and the straight line and the sword were pulled out. If it isn't for the furoshiki and the furoshiki, the drugstore can't do it, I can't do it. If you go to the line, you'll be fine, don't worry. "" Say, your feet are okay. "" Your feet are okay, because you're about to pull the car. " Since I was afraid, I made preparations from this and went out with both of them, but if I didn't walk anything, I would wear the actual furoshiki. I don't like it. Of Tokyo, I got in a car because it was noisy, and I went down from the car at Senju Sweeper Inn, and from this, I went to Joshu. I went to Numata to search for it.
[# With ground] (Yowakabayashi * [# "King + Sweet", 4th level 2-80-65] Written by Kura)



Bottom book: "Meiji Literature Vol. 3 Sanyutei Encho" Chikuma Shobo
August 25, 2001 (Heisei 13) First edition first print issued
Input: Hiroshi Kadota
Calibration: noriko saito
Created on November 15, 2006
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
