Note of amateur library
Tokujiro Kanamori

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) [# 3 indentation]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

There is nothing to think about the work of one's own when he is born, but he still thinks about the purpose of his life from a young age. However, not only when I was young, but also when I was over 60 years old, I became a library person who never dreamed of being middle-aged or old. It's not what Ason Kohei says, but he says, "I think it's a dream to forget," and although I can't step on the snow, I look at the library every day and look at it with joy.
The library I manage is the Akasaka Palace. While entering the entranceway and going to my room, I go through a long corridor. When a tatami mat, which is not enough for one person and two tatami mats, leaves Fushiya and goes to work every day, a kind of relaxation occurs in the minutes of walking in this corridor. It's time. Also, when I retire every day, I pass through this corridor, but at that time I take a breather in anticipation of the passing of the day, and I still feel a kind of remorse. In other words, when the mind is not directly occupied by work, this uncontrollable affliction arises. Even though I'm an amateur, I can't keep up with it, and you know how to develop this library, what the first library is, and so on.
[# 3 indentation] Library without books [# "Library without books" is a middle heading]
Even I, an amateur, know what the library is. It is clearly stated on the first page of the textbook in that direction. However, the character of the library is wide and innocent, and it is not easy to capture it. However, everyone thinks that at least collecting and keeping books and letting people admire them is the minimum requirement. In a big sense, that's true. However, if you think of it as a concrete facility, you can think of a library without books. There may be a clinician who does not have medical tools. It is customary to visit the library and ask, "How many dozens of books are in your house?", But it seems that there may be a library that answers that there is no library. Of course, it's completely untouched, but isn't it possible to think of a library with only cards that allows you to immediately understand the title and location of the books in Japan or around the world? Where would you like to know the Tibetan sword? The oldest version of Marco Polo's The Travels of Marco Polo seems to be a tribute, but where is it? Where is the map of Nagaya where Mr. Yuji and Mr. Kita, who are famous for their knee chestnuts, lived? It would be nice to have a library where such questions can be quickly filled. It's not good, it's the most necessary in Japan. Japan is a mysterious country, and books from the world have been gathered for a long time. There are rare books in the world that I can't think of, and there are also those with special research value. However, it is not used for the purpose, and it is more difficult to find it than to find a sewing needle in the dead grass because it is distributed. So-called acquaintances sometimes find something that is fragmentary and are proud to say, "It's hot, it's there." However, if a comprehensive catalog is available, most of the problems will be solved. It seems that there are more than 1,500 million kinds of books in the United States. Of course, those that do not have a proper usage value are excluded. And as long as the book is in the library, it is organized as a comprehensive catalog. Such a card is in the Parliamentary Library. Located at Harvard University. It is also at the University of Michigan. And it's not in Japan.
[# 3 indentation] Library and Moral [# "Library and Moral" is a middle heading]
At the library, books are often slaughtered, often cut out, and maybe because I knew the idiom of the cut-out robbery. Therefore, the public book rack does not appear in the middle. The library and the prison must be treated in the same way. This is tradition. There is an example in which the public library, which used to be a public library, suddenly took 25% of the books and stopped the system. In principle, I saw it open to the public at my library. The slightest damage is at the mercy of the rabbit. However, just as figs die when they get worms, they tend to get wicked when the time comes. The large-scale public writing system is sometimes weak. By the way, I don't want to make the library a prison. It's sad to make the library, which is getting better and better, go wrong. It seems that there is a library that even brought out large books such as encyclopedias, but it is a shameful extreme. Some people advise me to raise the amount of the crucifixion that seems to be a crucifixion, but I'm not kidding, we want to go to the beautiful library even if we accept the criticism of the fantasy. That's right.
[# 3 indentation] Library and efficiency [# "Library and efficiency" is a middle heading]
The US Parliamentary Library has about 2,500 million library materials. It is a complete efficiency problem to utilize only this. Our library has the materials of 400 million. Efficiency is the key to life and death. However, Japan is a country full of inefficient conditions and is in trouble. One example is the Romaji problem. One example is the Hepburn romanization or the instructional romanization. The Hepburn romanization of Japanese books has been decided by the American Library Association. We ourselves are suffering from the disjointed style, looking after the unsuccessful style of the law in the national law order. I would like to intimidate the library in the country of efficiency by solving various other inefficiency problems, but it is far away. [# Raise one letter from the ground] (Director of the National Diet Book) [# "(Director of the National Diet)" is one step smaller]



Bottom book: "Bungei Shunju, September 1945" Bungei Shunju Shinsha
Issued on September 1, 1950 (Showa 25)
First appearance: "Bungei Shunju, September 1945" Bungei Shunju Shinsha
Issued on September 1, 1950 (Showa 25)
* The mixture of "Ago" and "We" is the same as the original.
Input: sogo
Calibration: The Creative CAT
Created February 22, 2019
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (https://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
