Poetry and poet
Chuya Nakahara

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) [# 5 indentation]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

[# 5 indentation] [# middle heading] 1 [# middle heading end]

Poetry is never born from the guts of living by calculating life! At first glance, its guts seem to make people often take a wise attitude. But wisdom is not that kind of thing! If it was wisdom, would wisdom be considered as a thousand-biased [# note of "mama" in "biased"], and a thousand-biased wisdom mystery?
I am not unaware of the good rationale for stoicism. But finally, stoicism does not produce poetry! Make the first person hypocritical. Be careful, there is a very indistinguishable hypocrisy in the world!

If there is a source in art, do you know what it is? -"I want to scream"! It wasn't the so-called emotions-that is, the joys and sorrows caused by the gains and losses-but the joy of life! That is, it is a sad voice when life dissolves naturally! It is neither abstract nor concrete, and it is before every habit, every word made for the convenience of every thought, every nomenclature. There is no fixed form. There is just one trend. And the tendency gathers the figures of various things in time. It also presents an inevitable rhythm. -That is poetry.
So-called self-consciousness makes people unnatural. The poet is known only as a so-called Solren, and is easily misunderstood by the public.
The poet does not break the pure persistence. The psychological state of pure persistence in humans is, to put it bluntly, believing in God for the future, self for the present, and destiny for the past.
Those without panse are not poets. At the same time, Panse benefits oneself as something that happens, and if one tries to Panse, it goes well and is only known to historians.
Panse is not a poem, but poetry is born from a person who panses! Therefore, Panse is said to be excessive faithfulness to the phenomenon.

There is no secret of poetry other than sincerity.

[# 5 indentation] [# middle heading] 2 [# middle heading end]

It is necessary to be very enthusiastic in order to take the direct form of what you want to scream, but a person with a low degree of heat will describe the condition of the screaming person. However
What the world does is the one that goes against pure reason against [# "pair" to "mama" note] Yue, screaming-that is, lyricism should have been born first, history is ours Shows that it was ahead of the epic art. -Rather, I should say that in ancient times I was able to feel lyrical by storytelling.
The story made a so-called literary style pattern, and thus the human emotion was divided into so-called beauty-decoration for me-and the rest.
That creates various nuisances! In the turmoil, the dilettant often seems to have a strong personality. Thus, in a world where the world is not healthy, art will always decline.

If it was a principle that was made by panning with one's own language or mental image, that principle is himself, so there is no way to keep or not keep that principle! Every external concept, every school education mystery misleads people.



Bottom book: "New Edition Chuya Nakahara Complete Works Vol. 4 Criticism / Novel" Kadokawa Shoten
First edition issued on November 25, 2003
Parent of the original: "Poetry Garden"
June 1939 issue
First appearance: "Poetry Garden"
June 1939 issue
* Ruby by the editor in parentheses is omitted.
* The word notes by the editor at the end of the bottom book have been omitted.
Input: Yoichi Muramatsu
Calibration: noriko saito
Created on September 1, 2015
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
