Forecast of natural phenomena
Torahiko Terada

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Brewing

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) [# 9 indentation]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

Regarding scientific forecasts of natural phenomena, there is often a lot of controversy due to lack of communication between scholars and the world. In addition, there are many cases in which opinions are not always constant among scholars themselves regarding the degree of possibility of forecasting in individual cases. The one on the left gives a stigma about the conditions for forecasting, the extent to which it is possible, and the standard of its practical value. It is supposed to be the beginning to fill the misunderstanding that exists between the world and the world. Originally, the debate on this kind of problem has a momentum and abstraction, so it may be confused with the metaphysical theory in appearance. Scientists who argue with such problems may be accused of forgetting what they are doing and falling into the wrong hands. But in reality, these reflective considerations should sometimes be needed to prevent the danger of scientists stepping out of the realm of science. Especially in the case of forecast problems, I believe it. This is also the reason why I raise a few issues here without regard for insensitivity and seek criticism. However, I have no choice but to enumerate the humorous remarks and touch the gist of the problem. It would be a great pleasure to have the opportunity to come into contact with the teachings of the pioneers.

[# 9 indentation] 1 [# "1" is the middle heading]

Speaking of scientific forecasting of a natural phenomenon, it is necessary to know the causal conditions that should limit the phenomenon, determine whether or not the phenomenon occurs, and guess how it will occur. This is possible in any case and to what extent. It becomes clear that this problem is immediately related to the basic problem of the establishment of general science. However, the interpretation of causality and the problems dealt with by epistemologists are not the place to be "yes" here. Just try a more intimate consideration than a physics standpoint.
In a strict sense, there is no such thing as a "physical isolation system", that is, from the perspective of "all-things correlation", the number of causal conditions that should limit one phenomenon should be almost infinite. Regardless of this, how can something like physics actually be established and actually applied? This is because, in short, a finite independent variable selected appropriately represents the so-called cause to some extent, and a part of the result can be predicted by the so-called rule. The problem with this is how to abstractly select the concept of what is called the cause. After all, this is determined by experience, and it becomes clear that the analysis of the cause itself already predicts the existence of empirical rules. If you go back to the history of the development of physical science, you should find traces of studying the analysis of the cause, that is, the precipitation of the most convenient independent variable, by predicting the rules everywhere. However, this attempt was successful and became today's physical natural science. This is like the force, mass, etc. in mechanics, and the temperature entropy in thermodynamics. This is why these concepts and definitions are inseparable from the wording of the law. As soon as all the conditions that should limit physical natural phenomena can be represented by these finite independent variables, as a separate matter, the range that can be forecasted by conventional methods in the current degree of physical science. The immediate problem is what should be done.
First of all, assuming that the conventional known rules are universal, it is considered that the result will be decided if all the main conditions are given. However, when forecasting an actual natural phenomenon, it is not always easy to analyze the main conditions for determining this phenomenon without omission. Therefore, it is usual to compare the degree of importance of various causes, ignore the ones with the least influence, and seek the so-called "approximation". Therefore, it is considered that various degrees of approximation can be obtained depending on the degree of elimination of these causes. This method is probably self-evident to scholars, as it is used daily by physical scientists, but it is not always the case for the general public. The first predisposition to the incompatibility between scholars and amateurs is already here. Scholars anticipate the existence of a certain law of order in nature in order to establish science. Therefore, the so-called accidental and sudden ones are separated from the factors that determine a certain phenomenon, but the world is not accustomed to this distinction. To give an example, scholars predict that when a ball in the palm is dropped on a desk, it should fall vertically. However, if a strong wind blows from the window by chance, the ball will come off to the side. From the point of view of the profane, this prophecy should be wrong. However, at first, scholars made the premise that "when there is no wind like this" in Fugen. The fact that this premise is not practically reckless should become clear when the same experiment is repeated several times, but anyway, there is a kind of discrepancy between the expectations of the prophet and the prophet. Admit that there is.
Next, the discrepancy in opinions regarding the significance of approximation becomes a problem. When scholars are content with the first approximation, the world may rather expect the second approximation or mathematical accuracy. This is especially true in the case of weather forecasts, which will be explained in detail later. Of course, the controversy caused by the difference between such views and expectations decreases with the improvement of scientific knowledge of the general public, but on the other hand, on the scholar's side, the view of nature by scientists is not always obvious and a priori. It is also necessary to be fully aware of the facts and to deal with future generations. (I believe that this point should be noted not only for forecasting but also for general science education. When I first studied physics in junior high school, I thought "Why" The question "Is it unavoidable?" Raised in the brains of the students, and since this had to give a solution to many people, the words "power", "mass", and "work" were as if they were in another world. It sounds like the words, and even though these ideas are a priori inevitable, I tend to feel the pessimism that I cannot understand them. In order to increase interest and interest, at least the basics of scientific cognitive theory and methodology should be given in secondary education, but it should not be useless.)

[# 9 indentation] Two [# "two" is the middle heading]

From the standpoint of conventional science, should the results always be determined as unambiguous << unique >> assuming that all the main causes are given? This is a problem that requires some careful consideration.
Even in the so-called precision science, I allow what I call by chance. This generally means partial ignorance. In other words, it means that you do not know all the conditions. The last digit of the quantity, which can be determined directly or indirectly in any measurement, is accompanied by chance. Many people are always mistaken for the term precision science and forget about this point.
In the case of more accidental writing, for example, when a pencil is raised upright at the tip and in which direction it falls, or when a dice is thrown and how many points appear. Even in these cases, if all the conditions are given in great detail, the result must be determined unambiguously, which is the position of a so-called scientific constant theorist. This is probably what the majority of scientists agree with. However, in reality, the ambiguity of the result is a problem because all these conditions are difficult to know.
There are innumerable functions that are ambiguity when considered abstractly and mathematically. For example, according to the theory of van der Waal et al., There are three possible values for the volume when the pressure of the gas body is applied. Whether this theory is right or wrong, this should be possible abstractly. If a natural phenomenon always occurs unambiguously even in such a case, what is the reason for it? Here, the words "stability" and "probability" come to the minds of scientists. Here I should meet the boundary between science and metaphysics. The idea of entropy has been introduced into thermodynamics, and the connection between entropy and probabilities has come to be seen, and the news should also come to this point.
The debate about the meaning of stability and probabilities has been absent for a while, and when comparing the probabilities of each of the various possible laws, my experience tends to expect one of them to be particularly great. Yes. In fact, in many cases this expectation does not deceive me. However, the serious problem in terms of forecasting is "is it always true?"
The word ambiguity also has various meanings. Speaking of mathematical absolute ambiguity, one must be one and two must be two. However, if we allow chances in natural phenomena, our immediate problem becomes probable ambiguity. In other words, the problem of engraving is that the mountain of the probable curve is the only one. Well in all cases this is the only one. If this is not the case, there should generally be many. For example, if the ball is rolled down from the midpoint of the spine of the curved surface that can form the saddle of a horse, the path of the ball should have the maximum probability of two lines. Also, when testing the size of raindrops that fall in a certain amount of time, you should find several peaks on the probable curve of that size. To summarize these cases, we see that all of them correspond to "the case where the differential change of the cause causes a finite change of the result" as Poan Curry once stated. This is one of the standards that should not be forgotten when discussing the possible degree of natural phenomenon forecasting. I will not discuss further practical issues later.
Next, the nature of what is called an independent variable that determines the cause becomes a problem. It's relatively easy if the variables are length, time, or a combination of these, but given properties such as the temperature, charge, etc. of an object. From the macroscopic point of view, which does not enter the internal structure of the object, these quantities immediately and ambiguously specify the state of the object, but contrary to this, from the standpoint of the molecular theory and the electronic theory, they are seen by the microscopic eye. If you look at these quantities, the internal state of the object is not unambiguously specified, but almost infinitely ambiguous, and what I can know is nothing but its statistical ambiguity. In this case, even if the temperature is simply given, there is no way to predict the movement of each molecule.
For example, when crystals precipitate from a solution that is in a supersaturated state, when this is to accurately predict when the crystals will start and how the core of the crystals should be distributed, simply the temperature and therefore the degree of supersaturation. The expectation of hitting should be extremely small just by knowing it. However, I learned that the probability of expecting crystal precipitation increases as the degree of supersaturation increases, and I only get the probability of expecting the number of crystal centers. However, if there is a so-called Maxwell's demon that has more sensuality than human beings, and if we recognize the displacement movement of each molecule and know the movement and the law of connection and calculate it, at least I will cause a solar eclipse. Get to forecast these phenomena with the certainty of forecasting.

[# 9 indentation] Three [# "three" is the middle heading]

The first difficulty that we feel when trying to forecast a phenomenon that occurs naturally now is the complex variety of conditions that should limit that phenomenon.
In a simple experiment conducted in the laboratory, there are flights that can artificially control and limit these conditions. Moreover, even the simplest demonstration experiment is not well prepared, so if you overlook only one of the conditions, the result of the experiment may be completely unexpected, which is what I often experience. In the event of these failures, the experimenter himself said that if the necessary conditions were met, he would not be confused because he believed that the results should be expected, but he was still unfamiliar with scientific speculation and knew the analysis of the causal conditions. The general public must have the ability to forbid dissatisfaction. Also, in some cases, if the results of the experiment are half or partially as expected, the scholar who is the experimenter extracts only the matching part and confirms his own theory, but he is not accustomed to such an abstract analysis. The world may struggle to understand.
Difficulties like this should be most noticeable in the case of natural phenomena. First of all, consider the case of weather forecast.
Although attempts have been made to forecast the weather since ancient times, in the era of the development of analytical science, the conditions or independent variables were considered to be limited and became unscientific. Nari. However, "more" may also depend on the shape movement of clouds and the display of what is called today's so-called meteorological elements such as wind direction and temperature, but at the same time it is also comprehensive such as animal behavior and human physiological state. Expression is also used as a material. In some cases, such materials are difficult to call unscientific, but they are not suitable as independent variables when applying physical methods. On the contrary, the so-called meteorological elements in today's meteorology are set on the basis of physics, and the forecasts made from these are nothing but pure physical forecasts. Therefore, the perceived difficulties with physics forecasts also accompany it, especially due to the large number of conditions. As already mentioned, it is important to select the so-called main conditions in such cases. From the standpoint of physical meteorology today, the number of so-called elements today is generally thought to be the main theoretical term. However, the practical question is to what extent these factors can be measured. The number of weather stations is limited, and the range and number of observations are also limited. In particular, it is extremely difficult to receive this limitation, such as high-rise observations. Nevertheless, for what reason should the weather forecast actually be recognized for its scientific value and be effective to some extent in practice?
Using observations from weather stations that are tens or hundreds of ri away, I draw so-called isotherms and isobars, or certify a large number of wind streamlines. At this time, there is no reason to back up my actions, but first of all, the spatial and temporal distribution of these elements is regular. In other words, the temporal and spatial derivative of these elements is smaller. When this becomes small, the isotherms and isobars become meaningful, and the physics rules are applied to them.
When measuring the temperature with a sensitive thermopile, the temperatures at two points that are one shaku away are generally not the same in any case. We should find that this difference changes rapidly over a period of indefinite weeks of seconds or minutes. In other words, the above differential coefficient will never be small if special attention is paid to changes in small and short weeks. From this point of view, the actual isotherm has innumerable wavy irregularities, large and small, and it must be considered that this does not stop even at the moment and makes it sway. Any difficult world should dare to predict such a situation precisely. However, if the scale is increased a little now and the unevenness of the isotherm, which is about the same as the width of one village or one city, and its temporal change, it may already lead to direct and indirect negotiations on the interests of the world. Whether a group of cumulus clouds pass more or less over a village in a certain amount of time can sometimes be quite important to the villagers. It is not indiscriminate for the citizens whether a shower in a small area passes through a certain city or only in the suburbs. However, in order to be able to forecast such a small-scale phenomenon, the number of weather stations must be increased by at least hundreds and thousands of times (even if this forecast is possible).
The current weather forecast is not meant to meet such demands. Subtle changes relative to the width of the average region of each weather station are ignored, and sudden changes relative to the length of the regular observation period are omitted, and only approximate isotherms or isobars are drawn. For example, when making a elevation map of a land mountain river, it is the same as omitting small unevenness of the road and small cliff collapse on the hillside. Even if this is omitted, it should not cause any trouble in the general design of the railway canal. On the contrary, the small unevenness of the road is not meaningless to the workers who grind the carts. For those who choose a graveyard, landslides on the hillside should be a problem.
The misunderstandings and complaints about the weather forecast of the world are related to this point. It is caused by the same misunderstanding when searching for small irregularities on the road with a map of 1/200,000, knowing the temperature of the object, and not knowing the movement of each molecule.

[# 9 indentation] 4 [# "4" is the middle heading]

Next, let's move on to the problem of earthquake prediction. Earthquake forecasts are possible. It is possible in the same sense as the weather forecast.
It is still a question of how an earthquake occurs, but anyway, it is a phenomenon that occurs when the elastic equilibrium inside the crust is broken. I still don't know much about the conditions under which it should be decided whether or not this happens. That is, things like meteorological factors in the case of weather have not yet been clearly analyzed. In this respect as well, we see that the taste is already different from the case of the weather.
When the strain of the crust gradually accumulates and reaches a state of instability, there is no doubt that an appropriate secondary cause, such as a change in atmospheric pressure, will trigger an earthquake. .. Therefore, it seems possible to predict earthquakes if one can detect the distortion of the crust and the other can know the main secondary causes. To what extent should this expectation be realized?
It should be possible to measure the degree of underground distortion to a certain extent, and it should also be possible to know the main secondary causes. Suppose now that all of these are known.
To make things easier, we do not assume that the weaknesses of the crust are limited to one place, and that if an earthquake occurs, it will always occur at that point. Moreover, it is not assumed that the action of the secondary cause has no historical effect, that is, the matter is determined only by the current situation. Even in such an ideal case, it should be quite difficult to predict the "time" when an earthquake will occur. In this case, as mentioned earlier, the occurrence of the phenomenon depends on the state of macrospic, which is accidental to me, rather than the state of macrospic, which I can detect, like the crystallization of supersaturated solution. Because it is thought that it will be decided. In other words, the differential change of the cause of macrospic causes a finite change of the result. In this case, it is similar to the case where the thread is pulled off by adding weight. However, anyway, as the distortion increases, the probability of expecting the phenomenon to occur increases, and therefore, the phenomenon should not occur until the distortion reaches a certain level. In this case, a line showing the situation where expectations for the occurrence of the phenomenon increase over time may be given. But what if the slope of this curve is so gentle that it does not show any significant changes during the decade or twenty years or the human generation? In this case, the practical value of the forecast for various human beings should be extremely small.
Next, assume that the time when the phenomenon occurs is known to some extent in the above virtual case. How much should we be able to predict the strength of the earthquake that will occur in this case? It's easy to just pull the thread, but in the case of the crust, there should be various grades of destruction. If the rupture is not just one, but due to several gradual changes, the strain changes will occur intricately during these transitions, and in some cases the intensity of the earthquake may be weakened each time. Sometimes a strong earthquake should occur in it. If such discrimination is dominated by accidental local differences, it is almost impossible to make a credible and practical forecast just by knowing the average state of Macross over a wide area.
If the weak points of the crust as described above are not limited to one place and are distributed in many places, it becomes even more difficult. In this case, it is first necessary to know these distributions, the limit values of distortion for all weak points, and at the same time, the current state of distortion for all weak points. Even if these are known, when many weaknesses approach instability at the same time, it should be a so-called accidental decision as to which one should start the change first. Even in this case, the meaning of the forecast should be extremely different from the expectations of the world.
In the actual crust, the distribution of the weak points is not always easy, and each weak point is not independent of each other, and it is the work of the elastic history effect of the crustal rock that makes things more complicated to have some relationship. It's a matter of course. Even if all of these are known, due to the nature of the phenomenon, the change in the result is finite with respect to the differential change in the cause, and its ambiguity is not clear. Specifically, if it stops within a certain limit, such as underground, it will stop by itself, but if it exceeds this even a little, it will induce the destruction of other weak points and cause even greater fluctuations. As it may happen, it is thought that any weaknesses induced at that time are also due to the accidental local structure of the underground.
It should be clear that great care must be taken to apply the results of ordinary simple probabilities in such cases.

[# 9 indentation] 5 [# "5" is the middle heading]

Forecasting is impossible is a word that is too meaningless according to the way of thinking. For example, the forecast that there should be at least one rainy weather and a slight quake during this month should be declared by many people with the expectation that it will be effective in 100 shots. The problem here is the standard that should determine the practical value of the forecast.
The mental and material state of human beings, who should feel the convenience directly and indirectly according to the forecast, is changing with time and space. Therefore, whether a certain state of the natural world is advantageous or disadvantageous to the human being changes depending on the time and place. For example, for savagery who transhumance after aquatic plants, they move over time to the area of interest. Also, when we can think of an abstract group such as a citizen of one prefecture, we can think of a standard that does not change over time independently of each individual who is an element of it, but in general it is not always the case. For example, for ordinary Tokyo citizens, light rain in the middle of the night should dare to feel the interest, but daytime rain should not be indifferent. In addition, the general Japanese people on weekdays are chilly against the fine rain in Kyoto City, but this is not always the case at the time of the Great Enthronement.
In mathematical terms, the range in which each individual, citizen, or citizen feels an interest in a phenomenon is the part surrounded by a certain surface in a quaternions space that is composed of time and space. Get what is shown in. This part may be single or several.
Similarly, the forecast of natural phenomena becomes meaningful only when it is specified within a certain range of time and space. For example, it seems that there should be some rain in some areas tomorrow. The condition for these forecasts to have practical value for ordinary people is, I think, "Designation of forecasts for the size of the range area in which the interests of individuals or groups who should not feel the interests due to the phenomenon are felt. The size of the range to be used is not relatively large, and the range of the probable change in the position of the latter with respect to the former is small. "
To give a concrete example, for Tokyo citizens, it would be useful and meaningful for many people, such as "the wind in the northwestern part of the Keihin region until noon tomorrow" or "there is a shower pattern this afternoon". Also, if we could make a forecast that "most of the Tokaido should rain within a week", it should give a very vague impression to the citizens of Tokyo. This is because the range of the forecast is too large compared to the range in which Tokyo citizens feel an interest in rain in their daily lives. However, for farmers on the Tokaido, who are thirsty for rain every day, this forecast must be a very gospel.
Next, what about an earthquake? Suppose that it is possible to scientifically predict that there should be a devastating earthquake in the Tokyo region around the coming June or July. If it becomes clear that this is probable, the citizens should be prepared to do something strange. Next, suppose that it is very certain that there should be a strong earthquake in a part of Japan's south coast within the next fifty years. This forecast should be thought of as a somewhat vague voice of the Prophet for each citizen. Fifty years is not too short for an individual's life. In the meantime, it must be clear what the personal life and address should be. However, from the perspective of the Japanese government, fifty years have never been long, and the south coast is a part of Japan. If this forecast can be made, the direct and indirect benefits that the nation should enjoy should be considerable.
The same is true for eruptions. If, on the basis of scientific credibility, we can expect activity in a certain volcanic system in the next 60 to 70 years, regardless of the individual, it is for the politician of one prefecture and one way. It should be a great reference.
The immediate cause of the incompatibility between the forecaster and the forecastee is due to the difference in the magnitude of the range specified by the forecast and the range of interest of the forecaster, and the difference to the extent that the probable inconsistency is tolerated. I think it should be.
Finally, supplement the theory with a familiar example. For ants walking on the leaves, it is necessary to specify the range where each raindrop falls within a few millimeters, but for me human beings, it is often just a statistical quantity called rainfall. It's enough to know.

[# 9 indentation] 6 [# "6" is the middle heading]

Based on the above points, and if we compare the weather forecast and the earthquake prediction based on the current degree of scientific progress, we have to admit that there is a great difference between them.
With the current meteorological observation system, it should be possible to predict the general weather changes in each meteorological area, and the probability of hitting should increase as the range of observation expands. However, it is difficult to hope for the difference in rainfall in each square ri.
In the case of an earthquake, even the conditions that should correspond to meteorological factors are still unclear. Therefore, we do not yet have the materials to take the analytical method. Even in the dawn that all of these are possessed, the difficulty of knowing this precisely to the extent that the contingency of the phenomenon is excluded should be enormous due to the nature of the phenomenon. In such a case, it is necessary to take the statistical method indicated by the theory of probability, but it is difficult to conclude that the probability is a continuous function of a variable, and it is especially careful when there is only one case with the maximum probability. Should be considered.
In order to make an earthquake prediction and make it as effective as a weather forecast, it is an important issue in what direction the research should proceed. As a physics problem, it should be extremely important in various experiments on the elasticity of crustal rocks. On the one hand, it is also useful to try statistically so-called secondary cause analysis. However, in order to trust statistics, it is necessary to lay the foundation for statistics. Even in the simple case where the theory of probabilities is usually applied, when the number of cases is small, the expression of nature may show a great gap from the point indicated by the theory. This must not be forgotten. It should be noted that it is not always possible to discover some new rules regarding the phenomenon of fracture by conducting experimental research on the distribution of weaknesses, mutual influences, and gradual progress of fracture of general elastic bodies. In other words, as you can usually think of in the past, it is useless to think of an elastic body as a complex organization rather than to consider it as homogeneous, and to carry out experimental research on the distribution of weaknesses inside it from a completely new idea. Should it be rough?
[# Raise one letter from the ground] (March 1918, "Modern Science")



Bottom book: "Torahiko Terada Complete Works Vol. 5" Iwanami Shoten
Issued on April 4, 1997 (Heisei 9)
Parent of the bottom book: "Torahiko Terada Complete Works Volume 1" Iwanami Shoten
Issued the 3rd printing on July 5, 1985 (Showa 60)
First appearance: "Modern Science, Vol. 4, No. 3"
March 15, 1916 (Taisho 5)
Input: Nana ohbe
Proofreading: Yoko Asahara
Created on August 19, 2005
Revised February 25, 2016
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
