Heart theft
Karasuten Drive Series ・ 2
Unno Juza

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Tabby cat color << Toranekoiro >>

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Whole body | Like a mature persimmon "Jukushi"
-------------------------------------------------- -----

Midnight incident


A man with black glasses and a terrible stoop was walking in the town at midnight, dragging a long tabby cat-colored overcoat to the ground.
It was a rare and warm night, and the streets were covered in fog. I can no longer hear the footsteps of the pilgrims, and I can't even hear the horn of a car.
A man with black glasses and a terrible stoop goes up a narrow slope that bends in an S shape as a "hyohyo". This man was the famous hard-working detective sack cat, Fukurobyoubyo, who everyone knows if he gives his name. He was famous because he was always competing with the fearless and eccentric monster, Utetenku. And he was mostly done for crows, with a traditional score of around 19: 1. However, the famous detective bag cats always had the power to do their best not to give in. It was a cat power, but with this cat power, he hopes to congratulate the monster crow in the iron grid of the prison in the near future. It was.
Now, when the sack cat detective climbed halfway up the S-shaped slope, he stopped all the time, put his hand on his right ear, and moved it to the left and right around his neck many times. This is because I felt an unfamiliar noise. It was a very small amount, but it was ...
Sutton, Sutton, Sutton, Sutton …….
No matter how far you went, you couldn't cut the sound of Sutton and Sutton. The deaf detective realized that the sound was two decibels in sixty cycles. Where on earth does the sound come from?
"Oh ..."
Unexpectedly, the sack cats made a surprising voice. He saw something strange under the eaves.
The store was a fruit store, but of course the doors were closed tightly, but even though the canvas sunshade "Hio" wasn't shining in the sun, it stretched out from the eaves and made a roof. Was there. It wasn't this day's cover that surprised him.
The white straw futon 《Warabuton》 was laid on the pavement under the cover that day. And on top of that was a young gentleman, also wrapped in a white blanket. On the gentleman's chest was a large urn box wrapped in a black furoshiki hanging from his neck.
"Hello, you. Did you dream of a hospital in a place like this? Or you were thrown out of the hospital ..."
"It's painful. Please help me ..."
The young gentleman on the straw futon sought salvation without asking all the questions of the bag detective.
"Well, I'll help you, but what's the situation? What hospital did you come from?"
The bag detective turned his face bright red and asked.
"Hospital ... I want to go to the hospital from now on. Take me soon."
"It's reasonable, but for some reason you put a straw quilt under such an eaves, and ..."
"Murder!" The young gentleman screamed unexpectedly.
"Yeah. I'm not going to kill you."
"It was stolen. It was stolen, I stole my heart."
"What, my heart was stolen. It's not an easy event. You said that your heart was stolen. It's reasonable to be excited, but please don't hesitate. 》 I want to be struck.
"Return my heart soon. I will die ..."
"Oh, I guess you were indulged in the story of a" Venetian merchant ". Don't worry. There's no Shylock here ..."
"Oh I'm dying, my heart is gone ..."
"That's against your truth. Okay, if a human being loses his heart, he'll die wherever he stands. But you're living this way. Then you can inductively say that your heart hasn't been stolen. How is it? "
The bag detective intended to instruct the young gentleman to chew and include it. Sorry young gentleman. You may have had a rare memory weakness by this time and be frightened by a terrifying illusion.
However, the detective's persuasion did not work. The young gentleman put his bloody hand out of the blanket and pointed at his chest and shouted.
"As you can see, my heart is gone. Can't you see?"
For this, the bag detective glanced at him, hurriedly took out the flashlight, and turned the light to the opponent's chest. He swallowed the astonishing voice hard. The bandage on the left chest of the young gentleman was dented like a deflated rubber ball.
However, it is strange that you can hear the sound of Sutton and Sutton. It seems to be a heartbeat correctly.
The bag detective really told the young gentleman about this and called his attention.
"I can hear it, but the sound is not in my heart, and it is not the sound of my heart that I have been familiar with for twenty-four hours." Oh, the guy who robbed me of my heart. Catch him and get my heart back. Oh, God. No, devil, if you can do that ... "
The pitiful young gentleman said in a tense voice that did not seem to be the voice of a person whose heart was robbed.
The bag detective was in the shape of being entrenched in the depths of confusion.
However, he was a person who had a habit of hitting the bottom and rejuvenating at the same time, so he was struck by the bottom quickly, but he immediately got excited like an angry cow.
However, at this time, I was struck by one of the predisposing factors that should be inspiring. What that means is that the villain of this bizarre heart thief must have realized that it must be the work of the crow heavenly rush. The crow heaven drive was the bald opponent who always regurgitated the blood of the bag detective.


The big criminal of Zuboshi


"See, this street. The heart of this young gentleman, Hitoshi Ando, has been cut clean and there is a hole in it."
The bag detective is giving an explanation to the officials of the prosecutor's office who immediately reported and called in.
"How many people can it take to get rid of the hearts of living humans in addition to the hateful monster crow crow? It is truly the best in the world-no, it is a really hateful heavenly drive. "
I have no idea whether I praise or hate it.
"Well, that's why Neko-sensei was judged to be the work of the crow."
The chief of the investigation section, Abukuma, greeted the police.
"No, there is a mountain of evidence that crows are bad. Do you not notice it?"
"Unfortunately ... I want to teach with the professional eyes of the cat teacher."
Unlike the meaning of the words, the section chief said to the stick.
"Isn't you making fun of me? Is that okay? First of all, I took a chopped heart, and then this black square wrap, which contains a substitute heart. There will be a sound of Sutton, Sutton. That sound is the blood of this young man, with the "pump" set in this box correctly at a rate of 60 times per minute. Is sent to the whole body instead of the heart. "
"I see"
The prosecutors listened to the black box and opened their mouths with a surprise.
"You know. Given the dexterity of supplying such an excellent substitute heart and installing it brilliantly, I can assure you that the poor man is no other than a crow. It ’s the second proof. ”
"I see"
"Not only that, look at this black furoshiki. What you see here is a dyed pattern in the shape of a crow. This can be judged by Akanbo, this furoshiki. The fact that it belongs to the crow crow ... This is the third. "
"Hey, I didn't notice this."
"Fourth, the thief is robbing the heart of this young gentleman, Hitoshi Ando, and immediately giving him a substitute heart. That is, the thief is acting responsibly in protecting the lives of the victims. There is no such gentlemanly thief outside of the crow's quest. In his famous words: "Any number of people to maintain a healthy socio-economic situation. You have to pay the price and the reward for the work. If anyone neglects it, he is not a true human being. Even if it is a pickpocket on the train, when a passenger scoops a pickpocket and steals it, the price is to screw chocolate or something into the other party's pocket. Should be left. Those who lack such morality are inferior to cat brutes. "-But the word cat brute is not appropriate, but I think the purpose is not bad. This is a crow's way of setting up and protecting the life of the other party. "
"Hmm, it's a mysterious way."
"It's not mysterious. No matter how many thieves, we should do it like a crow because we are human beings.-There is still, fifth ..."
"It's okay to go that way."
"No, you must not overlook the important evidence. Fifth, this young man lays a straw troupe under the eaves, warmly so as not to catch a cold. Note the fact that it's wrapped in a blanket. This isn't something this young man prepared. It's another responsible act of crowing. If you're a traditional thief, this young man's heart I would have pulled out and slammed the rest of my body into the ditch as it was, but when it came to my crow-no, that crow, I laid a straw mattress underneath and the victim's I wrapped my body in five pieces of pure hair and threw it away here. I wouldn't do this with a crow. Sixth ... "
"Wait, it's okay, because we've generally confirmed that the crows are working."
"Sixth ..."
"No, let's move this victim to the hospital immediately. It's our responsibility if we leave it in such a place for a long time and let him catch a cold or die. We will be inferior to Tianyu Karasu.-Let's cross-examine the case after accommodating Mr. Ando in the hospital. "
The chief of the section, Mr. Akikuma, said so and gave his subordinates a wink.


Love case


The prosecution's major activities have begun.
While scrutinizing the whereabouts of the monster crow crow Tenki 《Gentan》, the cordon was stretched tremendously.
Also, on the night of the incident, the footsteps of the victim, Hitoshi Ando, were investigated in detail, and on the night of the incident, a rigorous investigation was conducted on matters that he thought might have something to do with the incident.
However, the whereabouts of the crow were not known, and there was no way to know where the heart of Ando was or what happened. And the incident finally came to show a sloppy view of entering the labyrinth.
What were the famous detective cats on the back of the cat doing?
He is somewhat suspicious of being the protagonist of the heart theft case, as he was the first person to approach Ando after his heart was stolen and to discover the abandoned victim for the first time. Because he leaned back, he stayed in the prosecutor's office on the 45th.
However, he did not resent it, explained the same thing as many times as he wanted, and calmly repeated the days. Finally, the charges cleared and I was free, but I had to immediately siege the newspaper reporters.
"Have you been detained on suspicion of being a heart thief?"
"No. Authorities have stayed to protect me from the crow thieves."
"Then, is it okay to think that there is no danger without protecting you from the crows?"
"It's not because the situation has happened, but because the authorities have acknowledged that there is no risk of harm from the crows if I have the ability."
"Are you going to have a one-on-one fight with a crow?"
"I've been hitting one horse for a long time, so of course I'll continue to do that."
"Do you know where the crows are?"
"Oh, I know it well."
"The authorities say they don't know where the crows are. Would you like to tell the authorities?"
"You don't have to talk about what you don't ask. The authorities may be authorities, have thoughts, and have faces."
"Do you think Karasu really stole Andong's heart?"
"Yes, I think so."
"Then, what purpose do you think Karasu stole Ando's heart?"
"A love affair is happening, isn't it?"
"Put," the newspaper reporter spouted, "It's a love affair. But the crow is a boy. What the hell is a boy stealing a boy's heart? Then, "stealing the heart" or "owning the heart" is said, but stealing the real bloody heart is nothing. "
The reporters were laughing and scattered.
Later, the sack detective made the stoop even more rounded and made one big sword. Then he rubbed his runny nose with the back of his hand, shook the frame of his large black glasses again, folded his hands behind him, and started walking around.
The six reporters who followed him in the subway went well in the subway, and the cats in the bag visited the bed of Hitoshi Ando all the time.
Ando raised his upper body on the bed facing north, crushed the skin of peanuts with his fingers, and chewed the beans. The complexion was wonderful. There were 56 nurses around his bed.
The bag detective turned to Ando with the refrain from those ladies.
"Detective, I'm done."
"I knew your feeling"
"Did you find my heart?"
"not yet"
"Are you still? I'm in trouble, I have to find it ... Did you find Mr. Karasu?"
"I haven't visited him yet."
"Do you know where you are?"
"Maybe ... but only for me."
"If you meet Mr. Karasu, please beg on my behalf. I will give you as much money as I can, so please put your true heart back on."
"Let's just say"
"Anyway, if I had my surrogate heart hanging from my neck like this, I wouldn't be able to appear in front of that girl because I wasn't looking good."
"Yes, I came to ask about that" that girl, "but what's the name of that young lady?"
"Imafukunishi branch"
Ando wrote the letter on the bed with his finger.
"Imafuku Nishie-san. I'm sorry. Let's make an effort."
"Detective, please. Please solve the problem as soon as possible so that she can come out in front of her without being disgusted."
"I can't help but say a small line."
"I'm weak by nature, so I've been dating that girl for a whole year and I still can't show my will."
"Isn't your passion a stepping stone?"
"That's not the case. I know my passion has risen above a hundred degrees."
"Anyway, let's get back to you later."
The bag detective shook his head and left the hospital.


Surprisingly unexpected


Then the bag detective suddenly became busy.
You have to hurry up and get rid of the things you care about.
He first conducted a sex survey of Hitoshi Ando. I visited the aunt of Ando's camp apartment, her friends, her superiors and subordinates, and the waiters, waiters, and ladies of the Rosari Club, which he belongs to. It was.
As a result, I found out the personality of Hitoshi Ando. He is an exemplary benign young man, extremely strict in both financial and women's relations, with no scandal. If you force him to give a fault, he is too small like a boxed daughter in the Tokugawa era, he can not speak to the public, and when he faces the situation and the lady, even if the other party is 80 Umeboshi Even so, he said that he would dye everything from his cheeks to his earlobe in bright red and shy.
(Hatena. That's a little incomprehensible)
The bag detective twisted his neck. For he remembered the sight of Ando flirting with 56 young nurses around his bed during this time. Ando also complained that he was small in his mouth, but during this time he was pale, spoken, and looked quite fine.
There is a discrepancy somewhere. Or maybe the witnesses are all lying. However, it is difficult to lie together. The detective went to the second course, bending his head again.
It was near the mansion of Miss Imafukunishi, who is the secret love partner of Hitoshi Ando, whose heart was stolen.
When I asked him in the neighborhood, it seems that this Fukujo is a very weak lady again, and it seems strange that she is still alive in this stormy world. there were.
At that time, a smart coupe car arrived in front of the gate of Imafuku's house. The man who got off was a man with a good body, a little too long, but with a charming dark and glossy face, and his cheeks just hit by a razor glowed blue. Long hair with generous use of pomade, rimless glasses with light purple glass "glass", and a slender beard under the nose that bounces off. Wearing a red and white striped tie, wearing a sports-style light green lattice weave overcoat, and slowly entering the gate, it is a wonderful gentleman who can be admired even if he is not a woman. It was.
"That lord, Togo. It was the first time I started dating Imafuku-san's daughter."
Mr. Kami, a tobacco shop's inner court, whispered to the bag detective.
The detective moaned.
After a while, the gentleman from the gate came out with a beautiful man, Reijin, who had a thin face wrapped in a squirrel's fur overcoat.
"Look, you're a young lady. That lord has been picking you up for six days today. What a kind lord!"
Mr. Uchigi sighed and the detective moaned for the second time.
The coupe left behind the light purple gasoline exhaust, and the men and women on the car left the field of vision.
The detective finally returned to me and started to rush.
"I'm going to disguise myself as young, but no matter who or what, that lord must be a crow crow. Now I've found the three vertices ABC of the triangle. Then there is a way here too. "
Now that the relationship between Imafukunishi and Imafukunishi, who received the confession earlier, and the relationship between Imafukunishi and Imafukunishi have become clear, another relationship between Imafukunishi and Hitoshi Ando has naturally come to mind. It will be done. And the degree of seriousness of this third relationship depends on the other two relationships. Detective Bag, who thought that this love triangle fact-finding was the right way to solve this case, straddled the hidden silent motorcycle and made a big chase after the coupe. It was moved.
It's a wonderfully nose-sucking sack cat, so if you reach Tsuji, that is, if you pull your nose, you can sniff out the direction in which the residual scent of Miss Imafuku is drifting, and in that direction. It was a quick blow. And about fifteen minutes later, he arrived at the front door of the Rosari Club.
He then sneaked into the club, where he grabbed enough material, and now a gorgeous gentleman who sticks to Miss Fuku and stays for even a minute is finally a crow. It was confirmed that they were disguised as a crow.
There, the detective left the club and entered the public telephone booth. The person I called was Hitoshi Ando, who was hospitalized without any extra people.
"It's you. I promised you, so I'll tell you what happened after that, but don't be surprised, it's bad for your heart."
"I'm sorry for that. What is it that you shouldn't be surprised ..."
Ando's voice was calm. The detective will be surprised by the teacher now. Perhaps he might be attracted to it, but fortunately he is in a hospital room, so I was relieved that there would be no shortage of first aid, so I finally started reporting.
Upon receiving the report, Ando yelled in a slamming voice.
"Oh, I understand. I know that bastard. I thought he was a nasty bastard, but I was hospitalized as a strange coin [#" strange coin "is a" strange fruit "in the bottom line]. Are you sick of that girl? He's a strange guy, that bastard-Kanzo Tsukio, that bastard ... "
"Well, is it Kanzo Tsukio?"
The bag detective was careless and forgot to look up the love name of the crow. it was. I'm Tenki Karasu, my beloved young lady-it will be difficult to get in love.
"No, the detective doesn't know the name of my lover. But that's not a big deal. What I can't stand is the guy from Kanzo Tsukio. All right, I'm determined. From now on, I will go to the club, lift up Kanzo Tsukio, and recapture Miss Fuku now.
"Well, I waited. Hello. Hello ..."
The detective shouted to bite into the mouthpiece, but Ando did not reply at last.


Regain one point


The pink Fengyun suddenly rolled up in the Rosari Club, and then it was picked up in newspapers and graphics and reported in a big way. According to "Sayaa, the heart-thief man's love sheath," "Ima-sama square love battle with the appearance of a strange crow," and "Heartless man's love crown."
Even the sensitive press did not think that the thief Karasu and the love player Kanzo Tsukio were the same person, and therefore the fact that it was a square love battle was stopped by the bag detective. It was a "tail".
In the forty-five days, Hitoshi Ando suddenly became a popular man in society as a man whose heart was stolen because of a crow, and he was still alive. It became even more popular as Kanzo was brilliantly pushed through and gained the love of Miss Fuku. What was expected after that was when the date of marriage between the two would be decided.
In such a speedy and unexpected reality, the sack detective was in the shape of a big face, but Hitoshi Ando, whose heart was pulled out, became famous suddenly by pulling out his heart and got the long-awaited love. Today, Ando would be fully satisfied, so he believed that his service to Andong was no longer available. So he was far from the Andong swirl.
However, one day he met Hitoshi Ando at a certain place. Rarely he did not take Nishieda. Instead, there were 145 newspaper reporters around.
"Congratulations to Ando. Your complexion looks even better," said Detective Bag.
"Oh, I wanted to see you, Neko-sensei," yelled Ando, hugging the bag detective. The box of the substitute heart pierced the ribs of the sack detective without saying that it was rude. "Nothing is as unfortunate as I am. Please do something about it, Mr. Cats."
For the bag cats, I didn't quite understand what Ando was saying. But after a while, he understood Ando's crying. He fell in love and became rich by providing journalism, but he complained that he had to replace it with the original real heart.
"... Anyway, I can't even take a bath with this-because the substitute heart is an electrically powered instrument. And if you marry Nishieda, you'll be in great trouble. Please return my heart. "
"Hey, I'm in trouble"
The bag detective replied in an unprecedented trouble. What if the true impression of the detective was thrown to Ando at this time?
"You did something bad, because you had a terrible eye on the man who robbed you of your heart. I might have eaten your heart on a skewer because I wasn't doing it this time. It's ridiculous, I can't tell Ando about that. "
"Hey teacher, I can't do anything about it, for my most important person ..."
When did it appear, Imafukunishi was a petition for appearing in front of his cats.
"I see. Let's make an effort."
The bag detective inadvertently made a promise and moaned a lot later.
The promise is a promise. There, the detective did not spend the night in a hurry and abused his brain cells, and after waiting for the dawn, he boarded the hideout of the rare monster Karasutenki. That's right.
He seemed to be completely sick, and his hair was sick, his beard was sick, and his whole body was like a ripe persimmon. He lay down on a chaise longue and drank all night long. I was agitated. I wasn't surprised or wondered when the sack cats came in, and I didn't change the color of the dull, drunken eyes, and sent them into my mouth as if I was still drinking. ing.
"Hey Karasu-kun. You've been crazy about this problem from the beginning. Why didn't you think more about it before you did it? Then the result would be the opposite of your wishes. You should have understood. "
"..."
"Well, you took that heart away from your lover's body and hung a ugly substitute heart on your lover's chest, probably because you thought that wasn't right for Fukujo's taste. However, when I tried to do it, a miscalculation appeared. Hey, you can think of it. "
"..."
"Because he was a man whose heart was stolen, he made his love enemy famous. Not only that, he cut out the weak heart of his love enemy and attached a strong substitute heart instead, so your love enemy is Suddenly, he became masculine and kicked you down to the loser of love [# "Kicked down" is mom]. Hey, you know. So you took the trouble to take yourself to the loser. You're stupid. "
"Ugh ..."
"You're really stupid. Your love enemy is delighted with the blessings of heaven for having a strong mechanical heart attached, and I'm delighted with what Fukujo is happy with. You bother to change your weak heart, which is the weak point of your love enemy, into a strong mechanical heart. "
In the middle of the word, suddenly Karasu changed his complexion and jumped out of the room. One hour later, Ando had his original heart on his chest. The substitute heart was brought back by Karasu. Two hours later, the groom Hitoshi and the bride Nishie set out on a newly-married migration trip to New York.
After that, it is rumored that the thief crow is chasing after the bag detective.



Bottom book: "Unno Juza Complete Works Vol. 12 Superhuman X" Sanichi Shobo
August 15, 1990 (Heisei 2) 1st edition 1st printing issued
First appearance: "All reading" Bungei Shunjusha
March 1947 (Showa 22) issue
Input: tatsuki
Proofreading: Saiko Harada
Published December 29, 2001
Revised August 3, 2006
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
