Thoughts before and after the virgin work
Ango Sakaguchi

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Application << Hotsugane >>

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Nagashima ｜ 萃 《Atsumu》

/ \: Double dance character (repeated symbol in the shape of a vertically lengthened "ku")
(Example) Guru / \
-------------------------------------------------- -----

In the 20th year, I thought of imitating a shaven because there was something enlightenment, and when I reached that point, I applied for the maturity of my spirit and the ability to forget the vulgarity of the buoyant world. However, in reality, it was a distorted application, and my inner heart was to become a novelist, and when I gave up on it, I think that my heart for religious satisfaction also grew. The reason I gave up was, needless to say, that I thought I wasn't talented.
I thought that art could not be done without a genius. I have a lot of genius in sports, especially in Jampu, I can win the inter-middle prize only by my own way of jumping, and if I am only in the Kanto region, I can win with throwing and hurdles, as well as baseball and judo. It was skillful. Compared to that, I wasn't confident about the genius of art. Besides, I thought that there was some genius, but at the same time, the southern part of Oda was an inter-middle flower shape, and I thought that it was very useless compared to them. I thought that art is an absolute thing that doesn't even have borders and is not even allowed to be the best in the inter-middle and the best in Japan (I was in junior high school, "absolute quest" and "essence of literature". I read the same author, I forgot the name,) and gave up on the fact that it was an inaccessible world. Junichiro Tanizaki was the one who read the most at that time, and every time he read it, he only renewed his despair with his talent. It was reading. The prosperous left-wing literature at that time was extremely vulgar in terms of art, so I was not attracted to it at all. If leftist art had a high degree of artistry at that time, I think it would have been very different today. Naoya Shiga, and I hated natural literature from that time.
So I thought I would give up and imitate a shaven because I wasn't very talented, but I occasionally read novels, mostly for studying languages, especially Chekhov's short English translations. I read it. In particular, the impression of "Taikutsu Story" is dramatic, and I don't know how many times I took it out and read it and sighed.
The study of the shaven only lasted for a year and a half. He was disillusioned with the substance of enlightenment. After all, I was disillusioned with the dream of a boy at the gate of Buddhism, and I suspect that I could not touch the depth of the truth of Buddhism at all. In other words, there was almost no mention of the connection between Buddhism and human beings, the human suffering of high-ranking priests, etc. For the time being, I was disillusioned that there was nothing special about enlightenment, such as enlightenment, and I pursued my childhood dreams and went back to literature again. I thought I couldn't be a full-fledged writer, so from the beginning I recognized the literature of the deceased. I like Voltaire's Poe's work, especially the one that made life a mess, and I myself wondered if I could become a Fars writer, and I loved Moliere's Bon Marche and so on. So when I was disillusioned with Buddhism, I went to Athens Francais and started studying French. When I couldn't become a full-fledged person, I thought I should at least write down the folds of the falss until I shook my neck in the attic, and longed for Paris, the city of the fallen latte. My mother eventually intended to send me to study abroad in Paris, but if I went to Paris, I would probably commit suicide in the attic, and for some reason I was threatened with a decisive dark premonition. I couldn't predict the happiness of studying abroad at all. At a later date, I lost the opportunity to run away from home and go to Paris because of a woman, but my dark premonition made my trip even more difficult. In fact, if I studied abroad, I might have had the expected ending. Because humans are also animals that realize premonition.
While studying French in Athens Francais, a group was formed and I decided to publish a douujinshi magazine. Until then, I didn't know the existence of douujinshi at all, and an unknown writer could ask the world about his work by such a convenient means. And I don't forget that for the first time, I had hope in my life that I wouldn't have to be a villain. Until then, I applied for the remodeling sweepstakes and lost the prize each time (probably twice).
I think it was in 1945 that the 14th Five-Year literary enthusiasts of Athens Francais gathered to publish a douujinshi that mainly translated "words". I was the editor, but I shouldn't have been the inventor of this magazine myself. Because loneliness was still a major lifestyle for me, who wasn't completely out of my shaved study, and I didn't like a wide range of communion. I've forgotten all the circumstances at that time, but until the magazine started, I should have been one of my friends, Nagashima | Atsumu, and I should have come up with the magazine myself. Absent. I didn't even know the existence of a douujinshi magazine.
"Word" was renamed to "Blue Horse" just in issue 2, and it was released by Iwanami Shoten. Yoshitoshi Kuzumaki, the nephew of Ryunosuke Akutagawa, was the nephew of Ryunosuke Akutagawa, and after Akutagawa's death, he exclusively published his manuscript on behalf of the Akutagawa family. Although he was young (20), he took full responsibility for publishing the complete works of Iwanami. So Iwanami couldn't reject Kuzumaki's offer, but Kuzumaki's selfishness, which gave in to this conscientious but arrogant publisher, surprised me. Kuzumaki invited me (because the two of them were involved in the editing) and called out the publishing manager of Iwanami Shoten, and while walking around the front and back streets of Kanda's circle, Iwanami turned his words to the left and right. He shouted that he would stop publishing the complete works of Akutagawa, struggling with the vague attitude that shook the offer, but his whole body shook up because of his anger. Kuzumaki is a well-bred and polite boy from a good family, a bearish nobleman who can't express his will in frank words, and I've only seen him angry at this time. , Usually people who don't boil enough to get tired. When I was in a certain position, I was surprised but impressed to know that I could claim my own interests without thinking about the circumstances of the other party at all. I saw the innocence of a boy who I didn't have. He was in love. He was a little boy who couldn't even express his own will, and for him that love was the whole life of him. He needed a good magazine to dress up for love, so he was desperately angry. I noticed this at a later date.
He couldn't break through to his daughter, but he could break through too much for us. The editor of the magazine is the bedroom on the second floor of the Akutagawa family, in which Ryunosuke Akutagawa once broke the gas pipe and died, but the gas pipe was still under the alcove, and when the room It was a sunny but gloomy room with a tight blue tube. It's because of the color of the vagina. This vagina is made from the remainder of the blue cloth on the cover of Akutagawa's complete works (unless my memory is wrong), so it was not directly related to the dead Akutagawa. I hate this gloomy color, why don't you abandon this vagina? When I think about the color of the vagina, I get angry that my legs hit this room, but I wonder why you dislike this veil. He laughed like a meds and an adult. There is a big bed in this bedroom, and Kuzumaki, who can't sleep because of love, drank a near-lethal dose of carmotin and fell asleep without knowing it. It was like walking around the rooms with a widow / \ after losing something. It's called the House of Death, and despite the fact that it's sunny, I always wondered if it would be a house of the sun, and I was angry and told Nagashima. I got off at the toilet in the middle of the night, and then my grandmother walked under the lintel in the lower room. He's a grandmother with big shoulders and stubborn horns, and he doesn't have that habit, and if he thinks he's alone, he's two. Akira Nagashima laughs at her belly. Of course, he must have found out that the fact that he was a house of death and an unsounding grandmother was just an excuse for me. Satoshi Nagashima died shortly after committing suicide.
Kuzumaki and I don't know how many times we stayed up all night in this room. It was Kuzumaki who said that it was unwilling to publish a magazine with only such unsuccessful manuscripts. Because douujinshi magazines are of a sloppy nature, I was the one who insisted that I should do a good job without having to submit other manuscripts, but at first glance it is indecisive. Kuzumaki, however, has the greatest relentlessness and is obsessed with his theory in a roundabout way. I will definitely lose.
There are other natural reasons why I lose, Kuzumaki doesn't think about anything other than love, and Junichi never wants to publish a fine magazine (including content) for his appearance. The pursuit was purely true. However, our position may be the name of the injury, or the soul of Samurai Funo who wants to pick up the fallen head and make a name in the world. Isn't it? It is natural that he cannot beat the pursuit of Kuzumaki, and for me Kuzumaki was also a very pure master.
I did some translations in this room. By tomorrow, I was urged by Katsumaki to say that I couldn't make a magazine, so I translated it almost overnight, but I also translated Mrs. Scheikevic's Proust book overnight (book). It's always a gorgeous book by Madame, so there are only thirty copies in full translation.) Valéry's Variete, Gide's Oscaa Wild's thoughts, Cocteau's music theory, someone's Montaju theory, a lot of translation did. I skipped the parts that I couldn't understand in the night's work and did it without looking up a dictionary, so the result was clear and flowing, and that difficult Valery and Cocteau were translated clearly and easily. People who didn't know were impressed and even praised Hideo Kobayashi's translation of Variete, but since everyone who didn't understand was omitted, it was natural that the praise was clear, and it was very painful and troublesome to be praised. Kuzumaki didn't know that.
I was always hostile to Akutagawa in Akutagawa's study. He was dissatisfied with his gorgeous prosperity. I still pay homage to some of Akutagawa's small manuscripts today, but when I read them in his study at the time, I thought they were crap. I couldn't grow my eyes to understand it, but I also had a strong hostility, and I went back to Kuzumaki without looking through it. The darkness of the house of death, the walking of an old woman without a scream, and so on, may have been one of the works that made him feel uncomfortable with his suicide. But only the blue vagina, I still think of only pain in its darkness. Why don't you burn that sword to commemorate Kuzumaki's wedding? I wrote in the letter, but this letter was missing. However, I think that everything was burned in the next war.
When I wrote the second novel "Dr. Kaze", Shinichi Makino gave me a big prize in Bungeishunju. When I wrote the third "Kurotanimura", it was written in the newcomer issue of Bungei Shunju, and it was only five days before the deadline, but it was probably suddenly talked about. wash. At that time, Shinichi Makino sent me a letter saying that I wanted to meet him, and I visited his house at Sanno in Omori. He said that he was threatening to talk to his wife as to whether a man who would slap me would come.
People say that my work at that time was similar to Shinichi Makino, but it was a coincidence that I had never read Shinichi Makino's novel until then. He and I read exactly the same thing at that time, so it seems that the style was similar to nature, such as Poe, Don Quixote, Voltaire, and so on. However, after that, I was impressed by reading Shinichi Makino's novel, but I didn't like his later works, I liked his middle-aged works, and I often quarreled because of that. I don't talk much about him now because I want to write a novel someday.
I have become a full-fledged writer just by writing three short stories, but my literary culture is extremely low, and the worst thing is that the literature does not help. But I didn't have any problems to express, and I didn't even have myself. It's just a vague melancholy and a meritorious mourning. Kuzumaki and others stared at themselves clearly at around twenty, stared at themselves in Cocteau and Radiguet, and read with a full-body aim. I was surprised to read that esoteric Cocteau without any mistranslations, even though I had only poor knowledge of French, but those books were covered with hand stains and the bindings were cut off and became roses / \. It was. Unfortunately, I have never read that kind of dramatic reading.
After that, I read Merimee and Stendhal somewhat enthusiastically, but my passion was also known, and although I also read Dostoievsky etc. quite carefully, it was a well-known reading of Taka Nomata. Perhaps I can't really immerse myself in the truth, and I think that if you study under your seniors or immerse yourself in the work of your predecessors and receive enlightenment, you will be faced with a humble path. Recently, I think that I can only walk on the road of the nature I was born with, but when I think about Kuzumaki's single-minded reading, I am the only one who has been dismissed from what is said to be true. I felt the pain that I couldn't guess.
Therefore, there is no one who has the correct identity of being influenced by anyone in my life, and the habit of imitating it is surprisingly strong, so the influence of that degree is innumerable and unrelenting. To give an example of my imitation habit, I was impressed by Ieyasu Tokugawa of Aizan Yamaji, but when I read the history of Aiyama, Tokutomi Soho, and other original historians, I found it. It was so limited that I couldn't write any more historical novels. So when I do research to write a historical novel, I have to hunt for a second-class, third-class, non-original historian's book.
This is the same for novels, and when I read a good work, I can't say that I'm studying or immersing myself in it, I'm hostile, I'm afraid of imitation, and I throw it. I closed my eyes. At the very least, we can't do anything about similar trends. This is my nature, and it is a stupid nature, but now I think that there is no other way but to complete that stupidity by keeping it through.



Bottom book: "Ango Sakaguchi Complete Works 04" Chikuma Shobo
May 22, 1998 (Heisei 10) First edition first print issued
Parent of the original: "Waseda Bungaku Vol. 13, No. 2"
Issued on March 1, 1946 (Showa 21)
First appearance: "Waseda Bungaku Vol. 13, No. 2"
Issued on March 1, 1946 (Showa 21)
Input: tatsuki
Proofreading: Junichi Miyamoto
Created May 5, 2006
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
