Tableware is a kimono for cooking
Rosanjin Kitaoji

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Kiln << Kama >>

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) [# Raise one character from the ground] (Showa 10)
-------------------------------------------------- -----

Why did I come to make earthenware and lacquer ware? As most of you know, after I started cooking, I built a kiln here and made earthenware and lacquer ware myself. making.
Why I'm so enthusiastic about making porcelain and deciding to do it myself, it seems like I'm too fond of it when I look at it from the side, but I take it for granted. So, today I would like to tell you a word about the reason for the souvenir story.
All of them are experts in cooking, and it is a bit rude to talk about cooking in front of the landlords, but for the time being, I would like to ask for a punishment. think.
If I say that the food is sashimi, if it's sashimi, I'll pay attention to the sharpness of the kitchen knife, the color or shape of the assorted knobs, and so on. By doing so, it gives the food a beautiful feel, and overall, it makes the food delicious.
In this way, the beauty that is respected in cooking is exactly the same as the beauty of painting, architecture, and nature, and the beauty of art and the beauty of cooking are the same. It is the content.
Therefore, at the same time as beautifying the food itself, various pains are being paid to the dishes that you are paying attention to every day. Those who have a problem with cooking also have a problem with momentum tableware. This is a natural outcome.
That is, from my point of view, there are no tableware that should be seen as one today. That is because the cooks and cooks lack interest in tableware, and good tableware is not born. A chef or a chef is a cook, and therefore a person who keeps tableware, so if these people raise their interest in tableware, they will be able to produce tableware that they don't like. "I want to put my food on such tableware, and my food will die with such tableware," he said. Only when it became like old tea dishes, good tableware was noted and naturally good tableware was born. Come on. Those who make tableware will have to make fine tableware from a high sense of beauty accordingly.
Depending on this, if you want to measure the appearance of good tableware, the chef or chef must lead the potter. After all, the indifference of tableware vendors has caused poor cooking tableware today and is responsible for the lack of good tableware.
On the other hand, all of the tableware masterpieces that happen to happen to be made by the deceased, and today, such items have become antiques as a single piece of art. Therefore, if you want to proceed with cooking fundamentally and set it up in earnest, you have no choice but to use those antiques, or to make your own Yato.
This is the motivation for me to be involved in ceramics. By the way, when it comes to making pottery from myself, I can't make good tableware at all. The first thing to notice is that you have to learn about the masterpieces of the deceased. Even if it's a scratch, there's a lot to learn from the well-known ones. For that reason, I had to keep the work of the deceased as much as possible and use it as a model for ceramics. That is why they all tried to study ancient ceramics in Korea and China. With that in mind, it seems that I finally made a reference museum like this, and in that sense, my collections are different from general collections, and they are all references for direct pottery, and direct cooking. Is for.
Well, this is not limited to pottery, it is the same for pictures, letters, and cooking, but if you cut a fish with a kitchen knife, for example, the cut line will make the dish live and die. When a nifty person does it, a nifty line appears in the trace of the kitchen knife, and when a profane thing does, a vulgar line remains. This does not mean that the sashimi knife is cut or not cut, and that the skill is good or bad. It's a matter of that "person." In short, if an elegant person does it, it will become an elegant line and will show an elegant appearance.
This is clearly understood in books, etc., but it is the same in cooking. I and others suffer very much from it. This is because if you do not train yourself in earnest, no matter how proficient you are as a craftsman, you will not be able to make a full-scale one.
In short, what appears there in the end, whether it is a book, a picture, a pottery, or a dish, is the figure of the author, and for better or for worse, you are the one who appears. Once you think about this, you can't leave it to others, for example. When it comes to the truth, it's scary and Yota can't do it.
Therefore, in this kiln, at least the works with my own name are done by myself. As you can see, you have to do a lot of work to bake once in that large kiln. All the ceramics you see earlier are made by me. People say I'm very lazy, but I'm not lazy because I work this way.
Aside from that, this is nothing but to wake up to the cooking path and eat delicious food.
If you just want to eat it, you can put it on the leaves like in ancient times, but in order to bring it more, you need to choose a container. Tableware and cooking are inextricably linked, no matter how far you go. It can be said that the two are in a couple-like relationship. In fact, many examples have been set since ancient times, and examples remain today.
If the wife who accompanies her for the rest of her life can make it with anything, such as the bones of a horse or the butt of a cow, there will be no improvement and she will not be able to survive a hundred years of poor harvest.
Therefore, those who cook must study tableware. I would like to emphasize this point in particular. Only then will Japanese cuisine become full-fledged for the first time.
Actually, all the restaurants that made a name for posterity, whether it was Gouritei, Warajiya, or Yaozen, are the work of their ancestors. Therefore, even now, if you do it in the old-fashioned way like Gouritei, something feels good.
Because all of these ancestors were sensible and knowledgeable people, even their descendants could properly eat at the signboard.
Even if the descendants' arms and attention were overwhelmed, they could eat rice by scraping the signboard.
However, if you eat only the signboards of your ancestors, no matter how thick the signboards are, they will be scraped off and become thinner, so you can't live that long, but anyway, let's make a name for posterity. A restaurant with a great ancestor has long been a virtue.
Chinese food is said to be the best in the world, but Chinese food was advanced in the Ming dynasty, not today. The reason is that Chinese tableware is the most aesthetically pleasing in the Ming dynasty. The fact that the tableware was excellent should be proof that the cooking was progressing. However, when it comes to the Qing dynasty, it gradually degenerates and tastes worse. Therefore, cooking has also degenerated.
In this way, in the long run, bad dishes are bad dishes, and good times of tableware can be seen as evidence of advanced cooking. Therefore, in order for us cooks to make really good dishes, we really need tableware art, and the traders want to inspire and educate pottery writers to make more and more beautiful tableware. I think.
Looking at the trend of ordinary chefs today, it seems that when you can make even a little fish, you will soon become a full-fledged chef and you will not have time to look back on other things. Thinking about cooking seriously We are keenly aware that this is not the case. It is also my desire to improve this somehow.
So far, I've talked about it very roughly, but this isn't limited to good, high-class restaurants, but if you're an oden shop, you can do it in an interesting and meaningful way. I think that the spirit must be the same whether you want to make one entrance or sprinkle water.
[# Raise one character from the ground] (Showa 10)



Bottom book: "Rosanjin Mido" Chuko Bunko, Chuokoron-sha
First edition issued on April 10, 1980 (Showa 55)
Published June 18, 1995 (Heisei 7) revised edition
Issued 14 revised editions on May 15, 2008
Input: Hiroshi Kadota
Proofreading: Sensui Ebisu
Created May 14, 2013
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
