Appetite
Yoshio Toyoshima

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Fishy smell

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Numbers are JIS X 0213 area area number, or original page and number of lines)
(Example) Novel 3 [# "3" is a Roman numeral, 1-13-23]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

Even on the same plateau, Kutsukake is less foggy and less humid than Karuizawa, so Noguchi said that it would be good for my body, but in fact I felt that way too. However, the difference in health between us was the same as before, as it is as good for Noguchi's body as it is for my body. …… Oh, I accidentally mentioned it, but the difference in health …… Comparing the physical strength and energy of the other person with my own physical strength and energy, and being clearly aware of it, what is that? However, it is only known to those who have actually experienced it.
It's funny, but in the yard of the house, a round black dog with a hairy body-it looks like a small and cute bear, so we called it Kuro, but it often comes to play, so I ate various things. At one point, there was nothing, so Noguchi wrote bonito flakes himself and sprinkled it on rice. When the bonito flakes were getting smaller, Noguchi ate the bonito flakes on the black and then carefully scraped the bonito flakes, brushed only the clean contents, and then the bonito flakes were so stiff that they didn't stand up. I started to bite while playing with the dog. It looks delicious, with its back teeth and canines clinging and sucking. I crouched on the porch, holding down my distant, dull, muffled stomach and watching him, but he turned around, smiled, and then suddenly, sucking on the dried bonito flakes. I turned off that smile and stared at my face. In that eye, I read mercy ... icy mercy.
―― "Is there such a stupid thing? It's because of my mind," says Noguchi.
However, it is a fact that some pity is as cold as ice. However, the story of dried bonito may be completely boring.
I was 5 shaku 5 minutes tall and weighed 12 pieces, and Noguchi was 5 shaku 5 inches tall and weighed 16 pieces. This difference may be unavoidable for men and women, and even if I have a gastrointestinal illness, it's not a big deal, and it may be corrected depending on how I cure it. Noguchi intends to do so, and he kindly takes care of me. If I can eat delicious breakfast, my illness will be the same, and he will pay attention to my breakfast. But for some time, I couldn't help but notice Noguchi more than myself. Noguchi likes to eat something fishy from the morning. Since fish are inconvenient when I come to Kasukake, I ate canned beef, tsukudani, and sometimes carp koku at the inn next to me from the morning. Then, when I saw the miso soup with the glimmering fat floating in it, squeezing it with a noise, and crumpling the rice cooked in tsukudani, the smell came to my chest. I don't feel like eating anything anymore. No matter how much you look away, you can't. Noguchi then looks at me with a pitiful look. After all, it is a cold, icy pity. Behind it, the terrifying wildness ... shouldn't I have felt such a thing?
―― "You may have a bad gastrointestinal tract, but it may be a memory weakness," says Noguchi.
Well, it's cheap and it's been cleaned up. Occasionally, by Noguchi, I was horrified by mysterious anxiety, but it wasn't because of my memory weakness. There was something in Noguchi that crushed me like this. When I tried to capture the body of what it was, I just felt my weaknesses and fragility. And it just made me suffocate. But, for example ... I don't know if I can use these words ... For example, on Mr. Kimura's side, not only do I not feel such pressure, but on the contrary, I can breathe comfortably and feel better. It seemed to be clear inside. Noguchi has said something strange about Mr. Kimura. "Kimura-kun is talented, agile, a good boy, and may be a good person, but the smell of that perfume ... the smell of the perfume of a single man of thirty, that's it. Don't ... "I didn't really understand what it really meant. For, I feel vaguely, a man, a thirty-year-old bachelor, is usually something terrible and masculine, and it's not a bad idea to use some perfume to get rid of it. Let's do it. Or, if you shouldn't be single for up to thirty-three, it would be strange. Also, as Mr. Kimura, I have had a broken heart in the past, and it is no wonder that I can be single up to 33. Also, even if I'm single at 33, I'm not a person who makes me feel like a man at all, so I don't think I'm using perfume for any other reason. Kimura-san is that kind of person. Somehow weak, dreamy, and delicate emotional. And I didn't like children. He said that when dealing with children, his nerves can be used unnaturally. And most of the villas around me were people with children, and I was staying at the inn alone, so when I was bored, I often came to visit us.
I didn't know it, and sometimes I compared Noguchi with Mr. Kimura. And from a comfortable feeling, I sometimes confided the feelings of discomfort on the side of Noguchi. "Isn't that because you don't understand your husband's work well," Kimura said. Oh, why do men care about work, work, and so on? First, what kind of work does Noguchi have? As a professor at a private university, studying history, culture, and languages ... it must be a job, but ... I have a similar idea to Noguchi in this regard. "It's a ridiculous idea that a couple's love must be built on a good person's understanding of the work. Sometimes, a woman's blunt understanding can even hurt a man's work. Only those who don't have enough love can make a lot of sense about love. "When Noguchi said that before, I felt terribly lonely, but I wondered if that was true. I'm starting to think. If you don't love, you don't have enough love, it makes no difference. However, it is also true that there may be something that interferes with love.
It was good for my body to walk outside, so we went out here and there from time to time. I knew the Karuizawa area in the summer of the previous year, so I went to the extruded rock area and Oiwake area, centering on Mt. Asama. But I wasn't very reluctant. As I walked outside, I noticed that there was little common topic between Noguchi and me. I can't talk about the scenery forever. And I came home with a lonely feeling.
The feeling of wanting to rebel against such a thing may have been deep in my heart. One day, when I invited Mr. Kimura to go to Rokurigahara, I looked terribly cheerful. Drive to the teahouse at Mine on the shoulder of Koasama, then walk to the teahouse in the distance, and when you pass the highway and turn left, you will soon reach Rokurigahara on a gentle slope. In the wilderness of lava and volcanic ash, there are a few small miscellaneous trees in the distance, and the others are spacious as far as the eye can see, with only Asama vines and pinus pumila. In the shadow of the small miscellaneous trees, I ate sandwiches, drank tea, and bonfired. Then I walked a lot. I was looking forward to finding the ripe fruit of Asama grapes. On the ground of the volcanic ash, in some unexpected places, there are traces of water flow during heavy rain, and a deep ditch is created for a while. If you jump in there, you may not even be able to climb it. Mr. Kimura sang the French theme song of "Freedom to us" in a whisper and shook the cane, and I made a crazy voice and fell into a deep groove. .. However, only Noguchi was calm as usual, and after a long time, he walked leisurely, looking at the mountains on all sides. Seeing it, it seems to me like a giant standing in the wilderness. Giants ... It means something far away that I don't care about ... In fact, I wonder if he didn't think of me at all. I didn't think of myself and Kimura-san, who jumped into the deep ditch together, crawled up, and face-to-face and scrambled for Asama grapes in the distance. I wonder. Hello ... Hello ... I and Mr. Kimura hugged each other, even on my lips ... Looking at it, Mr. Kimura has a bloody face on his skin and looks like a child with innocent eyes. I was like a child too. Whether they held hands, piggybacked, or hugged ... it wouldn't have been unnatural. Why doesn't Noguchi try to stop it? I wonder if I don't even feel a little jealousy. I wonder if I can be ignored so much. ...... Something hot that I didn't want to eat came up from the bottom of my chest, and I stood up and stared at Mr. Kimura, feeling my cheeks twitching. Mr. Kimura approached with a straightforward surprised expression, with his eyes rounded. I turned around, but suddenly tears came out and I was in trouble. I ran out, jumped into the ditch, and wiped my tears, but after that, I felt very white and lonely, and even when Mr. Kimura came, I didn't feel like speaking. "What happened?" "No ..." And I smiled forcibly, but for some reason, I felt a pale smile in my chest, and I remembered that my body was strangely stiff. .. Then I sat down on the bushes of Asama grapes, deliberately got a cigarette and played with it.
Immediately behind, from the side of Mt. Asama, which towers over the sky, a large convectional cloud rises, which hides the sun, and Rokurigahara is half-shadowed by the cold air. It was flowing. However, the sky far away was filled with sunlight, and the mountains of Shirane and Manza were clearly visible. Looking at those vast landscapes, I became so lonely that I couldn't think of Mr. Kimura anymore, and I strongly felt Noguchi walking leisurely as usual. However, its strength was of a nature that deepened my sense of loneliness. When I looked up at the Yutachi cloud, it seemed to swell and swell up, trying to cover everything at any moment ... like a few days ago ...
At that time, we were on the porch of the house and watched the clouds swallow the sky. The sky was hidden in the clouds, and as soon as I saw the dark shadows from the hills to the valley, a large rain came suddenly, and suddenly, it had a light and a sound. It was ephemeral. I jumped to the back of the room. Then, it was a heavy rain shower, and it was a terrible thunder. Still, Noguchi calms down while smoking on the porch. No matter how dangerous it is, I'm laughing. Eventually, there was a tremendous disturbance that struck the ground with rocks, and I fell down there. After a while, I returned to myself and raised my face, and Noguchi was on my side, but after all, I was looking at the thunderstorm outside happily. And he looked back at me and smiled, saying that it's okay, if you think it's scary, you'll be scared, and if you think it's exciting, you'll be excited. It was reflected in my near glasses, and after that, my fearless eyes began to peek. ... fearless ... oh, it made my heart feel lonely, even by his side.
―― "In such a case, everyone feels that way. It's because of lack of vitality that makes me sick," says Noguchi.
But I wonder if that's all. Noguchi takes care of me, but I feel instinctively not to hesitate at all. The same was true in Rokurigahara. In the dark shadows of the convectional clouds, in the wilderness of the volcanic ash, he came calmly towards me, who was lonely. He smiled and looked like he was looking at a dog or cat. "It looks like you're tired of playing." Kimura responded by saying, "Your wife was really fine today." ... That word pulled me out of my dreams. I threw a hostile look at Mr. Kimura and a cold look at Noguchi.
Mr. Kimura was a little angry at the evening clouds. It was the time when the car was coming, so I went back to the teahouse. Behind Noguchi and Kimura talking about the volcano, I followed silently. After all thunder was scary.
In my chest, something like a spark of a sparkler, something that flashed and disappeared immediately, was cultivated before I knew it. At the moment it was shining, I felt like I was being driven by a nerve attack, and I didn't know what I could do, and when it disappeared, I felt depressed. I was trapped in deep depression. I invited Mr. Kimura to a place as lively as possible. I often went to the Green Hotel and went to Karuizawa many times. Also, the villas nearby were centered around Hoshino Onsen, so there were concerts, painting exhibitions, discourses for children, costume entertainment, and so on. I tried to get out of it. Noguchi seemed to look down on such places and things, and did not show any interest. Mr. Kimura was cheerful and amused, and he was sunk and indulged in dreams, but such feelings of cloudy weather often touched my heart.
Noguchi often left us alone and went out alone. We went back to Ose in the small valley of Yukawa, explored the forest area at the foot of Asama, and explored the path to Karuizawa over the mountains. And, for some reason, his appearance bravely sneaking into the lonely nature where almost no human figure can be seen reminded me of the word wild beast. When I come home tired of walking, it looks like I've wiped off something muddy, cheerful ... Oh, I'm familiar with it.
In Tokyo, I started to feel that Noguchi occasionally came in contact with a worthy woman. I may be sick, but not only that, I am well aware that Noguchi does not resemble that stubborn body and is extremely sexually indifferent. And yet, on rare occasions, I couldn't help but come in contact with a worthy woman. However, I couldn't conclude that it was clear, and I just felt it with a kind of intuition. When I try to explore it, Noguchi makes a joke that he denies it in one word, or that it is good for a man to eat meals outside the home once in a while. I couldn't get the truth, but I still got a strange smell in my chest. Very cheerful and cheerful, and kinder to me than usual, my relatives are lightly clear, but only the epidermis of my body is dirty ... It's a strange analogy, but when I come out of the toilet I felt such a thing. No matter how drunk he was and he came home late at night, I was fine, but when I felt a strange smell, I didn't like it, and I felt like I wanted to disappear. There was even. It seemed like a trampling on the beautiful dreams of life. ...... I felt the strange smell and the same thing as the "wild beast" that came back.
On those nights, he often drank and ate a lot. I've heard that drinkers like light things, and Noguchi usually does, but only when he's on the right, he likes persistent things. Roughly chew and open a cup of carp, lard, chicken offal, or anything else that makes you feel sick at first glance. The chest is red and the veins of the hands are thick. Then, looking at the glare of the eyes, we compare human life with the life of ordinary animals, and only humans do not wake up and go to bed with the sun.The weakness of human skin and the weakness of internal organs are directly proportional. But then he also discusses reason, nerves, sensations, emotions ... emotions. ... I am well aware that from the first day of our marital life to today, his emotions have become calm and dull day by day. And what will happen in the future? From ideal to reality ... That's a fine word, but isn't it also to drive away beautiful dreams and go against animality?
―― "You want to use your emotions as your food. However, you have to have a strong stomach that can digest something other than yourself." Noguchi ironically says.
My stomach was ... a sickly stomach that didn't accept heavy foods and started to hurt lightly, but I wonder if anything other than myself was so poor that it couldn't be digested. No, I wanted a lot of things ... I want to dance, I want to play music, I even wanted to ride a horse. However, climbing Mt. Asama and looking into the crater ... I left it to Noguchi alone.
Several people from the villa climbed Mt. Asama. I didn't seem to be able to go. Mr. Kimura also said that it is more beautiful to see from a distance. The magnificent and relaxed towering, light smoke was beautiful in the morning, day and night.
Climbing starts around 12 o'clock in the evening, reaches the summit before dawn, looks into the crater, and then sees the sunrise. Normally, the route is to go to Komoro, but Noguchi insisted that he would go to Oiwake after seeing a pond of blood along a mountain path, although it was a little sloppy. "I'm coming down between those rocks that I can see from here. Look tomorrow, I'll show you the phase diagram. Is there anything dangerous? Even if there is, I'll just scrape the skin of my limbs. ……. ”But I wasn't thinking about such dangers. I was thinking about those who would throw themselves into the crater and die, in their hearts, and so on. I wonder if I shouldn't have this sickly lonely feeling of loneliness ... I'm sad about that life, and ... there are many things ... together with Noguchi. What would Noguchi look like if he told him to die? At that time, I felt Noguchi, like a race that was too far from suicides. I don't know how lonely it was to me. I watched the car going to the teahouse of Mine disappearing into the darkness, carrying the people who carried the water bottle and the lunch box on the straw shoes. At the end, Noguchi just showed me a small smile like when he went for a walk. My existence is nothing to him.
I stood vaguely until after the others returned. When I noticed, Mr. Kimura was also standing by my side. Then, the two of us silently walked toward my house. It's close by, but it's a slope in a pitch-black grove. I knew that Mr. Kimura would send me, and that Mr. Kimura's inn door was open all night. The light of Kimura-san's one-handed flashlight glimmers only at his feet ...
Around 12 o'clock, it was already midnight in the mountains. There is no sign of being alive, and it is quiet. Mr. Kimura had a strangely sloppy appearance with his neck hanging down, and he walked weakly. Suddenly something ... I was worried, so I stopped and saw Kimura-san's face. It was dark and I couldn't understand anything, I could only hear the voice. "What happened, I was thinking about those who would die at the crater ..." I was horrified. I said, "I too ...", and I became staggered about what I couldn't stand, and clung to that person's shoulder. Soon, I could see his beautiful, clear eyes through the faint darkness. At that time, the light of the flashlight suddenly went out, and what remained was the faint perfume scent of a single man of thirty, but not at all masculine. It's faint, but ... it was too strong for a dream ... On the one hand, I was squeezing my teeth, and on the other hand, I was fascinated and drunk, and I couldn't support myself anymore ... Did you go crazy? Even so, I cunningly thought about the treatment before and after, and carried things out without fail. I sneaked the maid and went out again to talk with Kimura-san about something like a dream ...
―― "I was blinded freely," says Noguchi.
However, what is important is that Noguchi is no longer on the side, the pressure of that cold pity is gone, and why I felt "freedom". It may have been a blinding eye to be defeated without a hitch, but I was looking for a lot of different things. You probably had a lot of things in yourself. The next day, I and Mr. Kimura didn't turn around Mt. Asama and ran deep into the valley, didn't eat lunch, and avoided the public eye ... I sprinkled perfume on the grass and on the pebbles on the riverbank. It was a deeper and stronger dream than during sleep.
From that dream, I didn't have the power to counter anything or anything. When Noguchi came back, I was just smiling like an idiot. Kimura even said that he would confess everything and, if possible, marry them. I was terribly annoyed. Even the thorns came out. Then, after a day, I promised to do something later and went back to Tokyo. I made any promise. There was no will ... even the will to keep the promise ... Then, when Kimura is Leaving, I smile like my idiocy was instead endlessly no tears. I cried and cried, but I didn't cry. When asked various questions, I confessed everything to Noguchi. It was a ridiculous confession that didn't bother me at all, yet was wet with tears. But hey, at that time, I came across Noguchi's extremely contemptuous eyes. "I thought that leaving you free was a way to bring out your mental strength. I was closing my eyes, thinking that I should have more mental strength ... Despite that, his eyes were full of contempt, which could be called sublime. I felt like I was frozen to the bottom of my heart. It's no good, I clearly felt that no matter what I did, I and Noguchi couldn't do anything.
――I look down on you guys. Races like you should be destroyed.
Noguchi's eyes said that. But he looked lonely. Or maybe he had a bigger dream than I did. But, in reality, what a powerful appetite you have! I just want to cry again.



Bottom book: "Yoshio Toyoshima's Collection Volume 3 (Novel 3 [#" 3 "is a Roman numeral, 1-13-23])" Miraisha
First print issued on August 10, 1966 (Showa 41)
First appearance: "Chuokoron-Shin"
October 1935 (Showa 10)
* The bottom book is a large scale of "ga" (ward number 5-86) used for counting things and place names.
Input: tatsuki
Proofreading: Hiroshi Kadota
Created May 9, 2008
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
