Novelist haiku
Ryunosuke Akutagawa and Saisei Murou as haiku poets
Sakutaro Hagiwara

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) [# Indent 3 characters from here]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

With Mr. Ryunosuke Akutagawa, he often talked about haiku during his lifetime, and sometimes due to disagreements, he had a heated debate. In addition, he even has an Etsusei entitled "I'm a Haiku View", so I thought that there were a lot of Sadameshi works, so I was looking forward to writing the poet Ryunosuke Akutagawa's theory after reading them all together. However, when I read the complete works this time, I was surprised to find that it was a fake work. The haiku that are covered in the complete works are only a few, and there are only about 80 haiku, including those inserted in the diary and travel diary. There is no way to critique this. However, through this few works, his hobbies, tendencies, phrases, etc., and his subjective attitude toward haiku can be understood, albeit vaguely.
As I said before when reviewing the haiku of other novelists, the poems and haiku of the novelists are rich in dilettantism as an amateur. All of them are serious about their lives and working hard to devote themselves to literature and haiku, but when writing poetry and haiku, the style of going to other places is pretending to be B. It feels like playing with beautiful things as a play art of a small hand. Saisei Murou wrote in an essay one day, but after work, the feeling of cleaning up the desk, rubbing ink on the inkstone, and quietly complaining is an indescribable pleasure. In other words, mahjong writers write poems and haiku by drinking a cup of tea after eating, or sweating hard work, and changing into a yukata after finishing the day's work. I feel like playing mahjong. Therefore, their haiku do not have a true literary struggle, as seen in Basho and Buson's professional haiku, and there is almost no humanistic poetic spirit in the roots of the work. In other words, the haiku of these people are often only worth saying "the extra skill of a literary person", and can only be seen as a hobby.
Ryunosuke Akutagawa was a talented person of his generation, and was a Noh performer who had mastered all the literary arts of Kotogi calligraphy, but the haiku was probably nothing more than an addition to the literary arts. I recognize his later novels (Spinning Gears, The Man of the West, Kappa, etc.) as the number one luxury work in Japanese literature, but the haiku is his other literature, Aforism (Afoism). I can't praise you even with a discount on friendship, along with (literary words). Rather, I think these two literatures shamelessly expose all his work flaws. In other words, the "words of insult" are simply a witty mockery of life with the irony and irony of Edo Tsuko, and the true passion and life experience of life, as seen in Pascal and Niichie's affirmation. Nowhere. "Words of humor" is a literary literary work that reveals his illness and shortcomings as a talented person in the literature he wrote-only with the wisdom of his brain-and to be proud of his wisdom. At the same time, his haiku also exposed its peripheral nerve stiffness and hobbies with the scent of literary illness. Let me give a few works as typical examples.

[# Indent 3 characters from here]
Is it the heat similar to the tongue of a butterfly?
Warm and slimy flowers
Japanese allspice and snow-covered branches
[# End of indentation here]

The phrase "butterfly's tongue" has a mountain of weights that resembles a royal fern, and the author's miso is in the details of observation as a metaphorical miracle, but the result is that much wisdom. It is a work of mere ingenuity, with essentially no haiku or poetry. The following two phrases are also the same phrases that emphasize the fineness of observation and the elaborateness of technique, and even if they have peripheral nerve sharpness, they do not have the true essence of poetry, and they still have brains, ingenuity, and ingenuity. It is a phrase made just like an artificial flower. He is in Basho's haiku

[# Indent 3 characters from here]
A fluttering fan and a cloud ridge
[# End of indentation here]

I praised him as a first-class masterpiece, but when I look at his own phrases like the one above, I can almost imagine what Mr. Akutagawa's view of Basho was like. In other words, he bought Basho more than the essence of Poezy in its peripheral craftsmanship.
As I wrote in another treatise some time ago, the tragedy of Ryunosuke Akutagawa was destined to be a poet in a temperamental manner, while he was thinking that he was a "poet" himself. In addition to haiku, he also composes some lyric poems and dozens of tanka poems, but almost all of those poetry literatures, like the haiku above, are artificial flowers and true. The poem lacks the vivid enthusiasm of life-like emotions that should be espoused. In other words, his poetry literature is a kind of literature that has no life, only hobbies, no emotions, only ingenuity, no poetry, and only intelligence. And such a literary character is essentially impossible to be a poet. The poet's personality is something that always "burns", and even in a high degree of cultural culture, it has a natural person wildness and simplicity in nature, but in Mr. Akutagawa's personality , Because its flammability and simplicity were almost nonexistent. He called himself a "poet" because he saw the poet's noble illusion only in the intelligence of the intelligentsia. It wasn't necessarily his illusion. But nevertheless, it was his fateful tragedy.
Mr. Saisei Murou is a literary person who contrasts with Mr. Akutagawa in terms of personality. He is not an intelligent person but a sensitive person, not an Edo Tsuko-nerve urban person, but a natural person with a crude and strong spirit, and with a constantly burning passage, he has a strong will of subjectivity. A living activist. So, Saisei Murou started out as a poet of Tenroku while he was born. However, after becoming a novelist and devoting himself to his creations, the main life of his poetry was incorporated into the form of prose, and he gradually moved away from poetry literature. I got it. He still writes poetry as he sometimes thinks of it. But as he himself said, the feeling he now writes poetry is not as tense as it used to be, he sip a cup of tea after satiety, clean his desk after exertion, and his heart. It's just the elegance of quiet literature to enjoy the leeway. And the attitude of this poetry is the same in the case of haiku, which is his other poetic literature. That is, like many other novelists, his haiku is also a "literature's extra skill."
However, in the case of him, unlike the case of Mr. Akutagawa, the extra skill is not just an extra skill, and there are some extra skills that often make his crops jump and feel the body of a living poet. In the primary work, all people devote all their energy of thought and passion, and in the secondary work, that is, the extra skill, only the hobby is abstractly liberated and enjoyed. To do. In the case of Mr. Murou, as in the case of Mr. Murou, his attitude of writing is probably a hobby-free enjoyment (dilettantism). Nevertheless, he knows the mystery of the Japanese tea ceremony spirit, which creates a mysterious and unique art by living the enjoyment of that hobby and embodying dilettantism. For example, when he loves pottery antiques, his hobbyist hobby immediately becomes his literature, and the sense of touch and smell of pottery antiques becomes his own living physical sensation. And when he collects stones, plants moss and enjoys building a garden, his self-styled hobby is often a truly unique art creation that sighs a professional gardener.
Let's see his haiku there.

[# Indent 3 characters from here]
Kite shadow reading over the evening
Next to the rainy run
The face of a horse that stretches over the shoes and the autumn sun
It's cold at night when the bones of the sea bream fold
Autumn Fukaki Clock Kizameri Kusaan
Winter violet on the stone wall
[# End of indentation here]

The appearance of his haiku is as rough as his character, and it is extremely rough and rugged like the hand-woven cotton in the countryside. In his phrase, there is no Basho's mysterious philosophy or loneliness, no Buson's pictorial impression of lyricism, and of course, no stormy snow's no-nonsense or fashionable. However, it makes me feel a gentle sentiment that resembles a faint worm voice in the shadow of some sturdy and strong posture. And the "crude and strong pose" and the "gentle and gentle sentiment" behind that pose are essential to all his novels and poetry literature.
Saisei Murou as a haiku poet is nothing but Saisei Murou as an amateur gardener. And this Amachiyua hobby is itself a representation of his personal appearance, as well as the essence of literary esprit. So to conclude this, his haiku, like its gardening and lifestyle, is a dilettant style, yet a substantive expression of "life itself." This is the reason why he once wrote the theory of style and advocated the tea ceremony spirit of style life and style of art. This makes it possible to understand without question.



Bottom book: "Japanese famous writing, separate volume 25 haiku" work company
Issued the first print on March 25, 1993 (Heisei 5)
Parent of the bottom book: "Sakutaro Hagiwara Complete Works Vol. 8" Shogakukan
December 1943 (Showa 18)
First appearance: "Haiku study"
March 1938 (Showa 13) issue
Input: Yuko Saito
Calibration: noriko saito
Created November 1, 2006
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
