Afterword of the novel Encho
Iruru Masaoka

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) 擒 《Capture》

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Furukawa | Green Wave "Roppa"

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) [# Raise two characters from the ground] Author
-------------------------------------------------- -----

"San'yutei", which I wrote over 40 sheets last summer, had become a biographical sword, so I wasn't satisfied with my heart, and I was frustrated with groupers in August, September, October, and November. A mischievous date has stood up. On the last day of November, I went to Shuzenji. For the first time in a room in a hot spring inn there, when Encho found himself on the training of a friendly competition, I felt something that made a loud noise and the wall of my heart collapsed. Soon after, I was able to write it all at once.
But until that day, I wonder how much I was on the other side.
I can't forget the friendly friendship that Furukawa ｜ Roppa Furukawa and Atsushi Takashi's two friends comforted and encouraged me from the bottom of my heart at each time and place. Mr. Furukawa was in the dressing room of the Yurakuza September box office, which closed the door thickly under alert control, and Mr. Taka was whispering a mug on the roof of a certain department store in Ginza.
At the age of thirty years old, I had to finish this novel for the time being until I met the Meiji Renewal. As for the second half of his life, he has no time to take a breather and wants to continue writing a new mental arithmetic.
Even so, when I finished the short story "Encho Fireworks" and went to the grave of Encho, which is Yanaka Zenshoan, it happened to be August 11th, the anniversary of the death of the moon, and from the main hall. Mr. Sanshu One Kawagishi (Mr. Tomitaro Fujiura), who keeps the name of the morning, said that he had heard the voice of the Buddhist chant, which was run by the Buddhist priest. Seven years have passed since I started chanting from around the time. In the meantime, I got three works about "Jibo Kannon", "Entaro carriage", "Disciple" and Encho.
In particular, "Entaro carriage", apart from the problem of skill, will be a work that has placed me in such a boundary today and will be deep and deep throughout my life. After this, I would like to continue drawing various people under the gate of Encho. Then, most of the various secret materials that Mr. Fujiura of Mr. Sanshu talked about last spring will be used in the second part. Thank you.
Because I was familiar with the storytelling of Encho and was devoted to everything, my teacher of Edo literature, Senryu Kawayanagi, wrote a wonderful title. This is because I wanted to make it a good memorial. In addition, the frontispiece statue of Encho is displayed in the smoking room of Suzumoto Entertainment Hall in Ueno. The three disguised books of "Botan lantern" were especially lent by Mr. Ueda Kozurudo, an old bookstore of Omori who sells out-of-print literary books of the Meiji and Taisho eras. The first edition is a Japanese-style book with a lantern and the phrase of Encho, and the preface on the left is that of spring, which is often used in "Research." The addressee of the Encho card in the collection of Bunraku Katsura is the current elder of the dance world, Toshibei Hanayagi. According to this, it is believed that Encho lived in Sakuma-cho the year before his death. This is my first time hearing. I borrowed what was given to Bunraku by Mr. Taibei, the master of the gate. Then, all the shooting, except for one signboard, depends on the extremely conscientious production of the owner of Koyama Photo Studio, who is considered to be the leading person in the stage shooting of the dance world in Tokyo. I would like to express my gratitude to each of them, along with the hourly grace of the painter Niou Mizushima.
[# Two letters up from the ground] Author



Bottom book: "Novel Encho" Kawade Bunko, Kawade Shobo Shinsha
First edition issued on July 20, 2005
Parent of the original: "Novel Encho" San'yutei
Published in April 1943 (Showa 18)
Input: Hiroshi Kadota
Proofreading: Sensui Ebisu
Created January 7, 2009
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
