Housewife and newspaper
Yuriko Miyamoto

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) [# with ground] [November 1948]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

A reader adjustment card was rubbed in the corner of each newspaper on November 1st.
The card had a column for writing what kind of newspaper you are currently reading and what kind of newspaper you would like to read in the future, and if you write the name of the desired newspaper, you can switch to that newspaper.
For many years, we couldn't read the newspaper we wanted to read, so I thought it was rare, but when I thought about it, it felt strange. The morning sun on November 1st, when the written card was written, and every day were four pages, and the sport was taken up in a big way. The day that corresponds to Monday is four pages, and is it a plan of the company that deals with sports flashy? Or was it the trend of sports these days that he set out to secure readers, recognizing that only men read newspapers in the family?
When the issue of democratization of housewives at home and the positive interest in elections were mentioned, it was said that we had no time to read newspapers, as a painful voice of housewives. As a result of selling extra newspapers that women do not read with a few articles that appeal to men, leaving only large-capital newspapers, and crushing newspapers that have small capital but are also positively interested in women's social status If so, the problem is no longer just about newspapers for women.
In any case, we are a newspaper that has no time to read, and spurring the monopoly of newspapers will support all the large capital and monopoly capital of this society. The more time we read the newspaper, the more it contributes to the terrible phenomenon of the capitalist society that is chasing our lives. When supporting newspapers that are in a good position to inflate, housewives block their voices against high prices. [# With ground] [November 1948]



Bottom book: "Miyamoto Yuriko Complete Works Vol. 15" Shinnihon Shuppansha
First edition issued on May 20, 1980 (Showa 55)
Issued the 4th edition on March 20, 1986 (Showa 61)
Parent of the bottom book: "Miyamoto Yuriko Complete Works Vol. 12" Kawade Shobo
Issued in January 1952 (Showa 27)
First appearance: "Tokyo Minpo"
November 7, 1948 (Showa 23) issue
Input: Takuji Shibata
Proofreading: Susumu Yoneda
Created June 4, 2003
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
