Yoshimitsu Kuwanaka
Nagai Kafu

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Editor << Henshunin >>

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Career ｜ Saemon Toyama 《Toyama Saemonnojo》

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Numbers are JIS X 0213 area area number or Unicode, base page and number of lines)
(Example) * [# "Taku + Dagger-axe", 220-2]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

[# 7 indentation] 1 [# "1" is the middle heading]

The editor of a women's magazine called what is called "Henshunin", who often visits my place and writes popular novels. .. In the first place, it was difficult to understand again as if it were a popular word or its easy-to-understand word. What is commonplace when I see it alone As soon as I do it, I still have to know. The meaning of popularism should be something that should change with the world. Senryu Dodoitsu was a popular literature in the Edo period. But not today. If you can interpret the meaning of "Suetsumuhana" in detail today, you should easily get a doctorate in literature. Once upon a time, there are many innocent letters written by the girl in the end, but today, in the Taisho letters, she writes nursery rhymes and tanka songs to tell her sexual agony. Then, if you want to write a popular novel that should please men and women today, you have to get acquainted with today's genre before writing a brush. If you are familiar with the affairs, if you look like Mito Komon, you shouldn't have anything that should be compared to his career | Saemon Toyama. Here and the writing of a popular novel | There is something that each person likes. There is a lower door. There is a funnel. Inside the upper door << Uchi >> There are things that cry, there are things that laugh, and there are things that get angry. However, there is nothing I like about Shimodo Uedo. Indecent | Immediately "that is" this is it. The person of today calls this and makes it a sexual request. Naho geisha's four Tsuji is called Jujigai, and the hand dance of a geisha is called a dance. It must resemble a newspaper reporter's proboscis as the language of the world. I shouldn't be afraid.
The main idea of the popular is already in the lustful lust. If that is the case, I would like to draw something that is once a popular novel with a brush, and something else other than lewdness. "Genji Monogatari" is a litter of our country's lewd book. There are "Ukiyo Sogami" by Bockers and "Zangeroku" by Queen Nawar in Taisei. There are "Hien Gaiden" and "Miscellaneous Secrets" in Hanchi. In the early modern period, everyone, such as "Dream of the Red Chamber" and "Kinbinume", makes readers feel awkward.
The view of the Dirty Book also changed from time to time. There are things that are made into lewd books by sneaking the eyebrows of old people, and things that are inevitable to see now people. What is harmful to the human world now, and should not be known as soon as it is done in the future. Joruri of Miyakoji is a prince in the world of Kyoho and Genbun. Listening to this, the sound of Sokanbokujo is heard in the Taisho era. The commuter strokes the chin and makes it smooth. It's a place that seems to be a transition of the times. Taisho ｜ In the summer of the year of Yin Water Pig, there was something like a female reporter. She sneaks into her husband's eyes and communicates with a novelist. Finally, I hugged him and died. As soon as I learned about this for the first time, a person who drifted to the stench of a few ri over the days, the dead corpse had already rotted and did not speak the yin and yang of sexuality, but fell off to the eyeball hair club and gathered the maggots. Yoshito Saiko of this world By chanting this, it becomes an unprecedented good story. When I heard that place, it was because I was able to transcend morality and satisfy my instinct. Kyogen Writer | Mokuami Furukawa When he made the play "Ukai no Kagaribi", he played the wolf's sword and lurked in Tsujido in the mountains. Eat and die. The intention lies in poetic justice. If you look at this for this reason, it seems that floating with the idea of moral aesthetics resembles the different times of the year.
Ah, the Taisho era has already been adulterous ｜ It is a good story of the prosperity by preaching about Sohei. At this time, I was the one who squeezed my ears and listened to the word "higo". I don't know what to do with what I'm trying to do in a popular novel. I bought a geisha undershirt, Nagajuban, and for the sake of Agana, I used to describe the ugliness of my life and devoured the sales of the popular novels. Rantosu. Fortunately, I'm afraid that I'll be able to keep up with my luck as if it were an old squirrel.
My year ｜ I started playing with my wife for eighteen years. According to "Yanagidaru", "Young husband worships at night and scolds for lunch." The following year | Playing with the small lattice "Kogoushi" of Germany "Alone" Yoshiwara "Yoshiwara", I had to leave for three years, and I made it to "Okabasho" in the eastern part of Nanshin, Kabuto Station, Itabashi, and about the prefecture. It leads to an unknown place. Twenty-four years old As soon as he traveled abroad, he and his daughters and children from each of the five continents "Joshigun" and * [# "Taku + Dagger-axe", 220-2] "Geki" were exchanged. There is a merit. However, Musashi Miyamoto, who says that he is afraid of stealing, is * [# "Kemonohen + non", 220-3] and exterminates "Hihi". There are things that starve the colors of Westerners and commit cotton sheep. I | I have to get here yet. When I got home in thirty years, I've been here for more than ten years, and there's no laughing day. The number of times to deliver a prostitute to a house. Both times to run a flag pavilion by himself. Three people before and after expelling Hosono and welcoming him again. This year, I remember belching for the first time as a horse tooth | a flea, a spider, and a mulberry year. According to the book "Misaozoshi", "If you really are in the world of colors, you should play and play. Human beings have been playing for fifty years, but from forty, it's hard to play. Up to seven or eight, if you let the world go without any thought, it will be about 22 years left. If you spend half of it sleeping, it will be 11 years. If you don't know what to do, after playing a lot, you should know that the ten years when the high school is in fifty years is a human world that cannot be played. " Ah, when I wake up half a night and look back on my life of more than 40 years, I think that I can play with the quality of the body | Because of his soul, he killed the innocent Koreans even in the big earthquake of this autumn and did not cause the evil thought of not seeing them. If you forget to wear rubber armor to earn money in the fireplace, the nose pillar of the tengu, Hanabashira, will finally fall, and you will have presbyopia. I have the spirit to talk about the world by twisting the "Kejirami". Even though I often had a fox youkai in my house, I was fortunate enough to break the birth, and now I'm more than the magical power of a witch. It should be strange that he is safe.

[# 7 indentation] Two [# "two" is the middle heading]

Born in the year of the Rabbit, the one that hits the nine stars and four greens is cheating and easy to get tired of. It is also the satiatingness of "Korisho". I'm the man of this star this year in the first place. There is no woman who has continued for half a year because of the monkey. Usually around the third month, the flowers in the garden are not the same, but the change of the time "instead" is the color of the flowers. However, this does not mean that it will be hung for one and a half seasons from the beginning without saying anything later. As soon as I see that the first move is that if this woman is this woman, she will always climb up to the end, as soon as she sees it, she can kill this man or live as much as she wants. It's a woman who begins to do it. It is at this time that girls appear to have natural flaws in the eyes of men. At first, he should refrain from seeing even one Kusame, not to mention his hair and body. I'm sure I'll put a elephant on the floor of a single sleep. I know that I'm going to use my affair for bruxism, and if I happen to say one of the small words, I'm lonely in one figure. Turn around and finally attach yourself to something and reveal the horns of bruxism. The grief is a modest place for women. If you are a woman and refrain from grief, the other drawbacks are that men usually forgive this and endure it. The virtue of a fool who is angry is better than a bald talented woman. When a perky girl thinks about the state of depression, it is not uniform due to the nature of the situation, and if the girl's depression is the same as the indignation of a boy, it is because of the fact that it originates in that line. It represents "becoming a person".顳 * [# "Demand + Page", Level 3 1-94-6] The style of putting a quick paper "Sokkoshi" on "Temple" and pulling a bowl of sake can be done without knowing one of the small songs "Kota". As much as possible, when the ox is nailed to the straw doll, the temple is a white innocent costume and three-toothed clogs. It's already a big era, and it's an old man. There is no sin in taking care of a man's chest and crying at the grid. Be careful of the knots of the obi tie rather than the haori string, and immediately put your hand in the man's pocket and try the incense transfer. Every time there is a wife who puts clothes and hair on a tansu, locks it, and proposes a divorce on the cut. In addition, there is a wife who goes out immediately and goes to the house of a relative friend and stays there. If you throw away any of them for three days, you will definitely return with an apology from the other side, as if you were already coming. A woman who hangs a strip on Kamoi in the middle of the night, or wanders around the well end, waiting for people to come and stop, and Jinsuke who screams when he returns home. Similar to the relative "Jinsuke Oyaji". Morphine Sulfate Cats aren't known to people, but there's nothing to drink, but this isn't just a place where people have a lust for 啻, but it's a tribute to a man. You should know that it is in the big "Ooi" of money in addition to the sensuality, as a result of the slogan "Ageku" that is thrown away after a rush. It's pitiful to be fascinated by the treasure of a woman. Therefore, a new woman who is struck by the discussions in newspapers and magazines, perhaps chastity | It's a mischief. Most of the women who have this kind of skill, if they are from the countryside, they are the daughters of small merchants, Koakindo, and they are not Edo Tsuji. It's a thing. When I was working at Keio University in Mita last year | Meto Rishimono, a merchant's daughter who set up a store behind Yushima Shrine, but she was a daughter of a merchant, but she wanted 500 yen from her parents. << OK >> If you make an offer, you may have a divorce. If there is an example of a woman in Tokyo, I will write it for reference. After that, I should write about the saleswoman's hand cut money "Tegirekin" separately. Even though there are things in the world that are greedy and greedy with a saleswoman, when you get to know the story as a result of hand-cutting money, it is unexpectedly crisp, and it is just a mess. There are many amateurs who want to make people go to the money. It's an old man's wise saying that he burns his cheeks with a bite.

[# 7 indentation] Three [# "three" is the middle heading]

Women's mercy "Rinki" should be "Yuru". The boys are jealous, but sadly Asama is the only one. In the first place, jealousy makes me confused and turns into the heart of envy, anger, and vengeance. It's the skeleton of Yabo. The bloody boy is now set aside, and the man of "Funbetsuzakari" is crazy about knives. The story of being a permanent resident of all things. Sometimes there are day and night, and there is a change in nature. If this is prepared before the change, it will stop the flow of quality. It's not foolish to get tired of the woman's heart and get angry after she gets tired of her pillows lined up every night. Prior to the resentment, the foresighted lightness should be dismissed, but the woman who is unskilled and unskilled is chased after the woman who leaves. However, it seems that I, "Ono," show the bottom of my intentions and become unwilling to convert, but it is an outsidely unreasonable view. In the first place, after preaching the love affair between men and women and the morality of Jinyoshi, it is not something that can be done, and if the familiarity of the first hand is caused by a casual feeling, it is in-law to blame the other party's change of heart and pull back. There is no morality even though he argues and preaches humanity. Once upon a time, if there is a phrase in a small song that you don't know, it's all about the moment. If I had a dream that made me happy for a while, I would grudge someone and feel sad.
If I became an affair, I would be less obsessed with jealousy, and if I was less obsessed with jealousy, I wouldn't be obsessed with unpleasant things. If you don't have the self-esteem that you can't eat, you can just hit a small hit and take the easy steps. It's easy to get rid of it, so it's thrown away or thrown away, but everyone's luck and giving up at that time can be on my way for years. Okame Hachimoku "Okame Hachimoku" Seeing this, I shouldn't be fooled by the fact that I often buy 褤 褸. The purchase of 褤 褸 is the loss of money for cheap purchases. That meaning | Sentence "Mon" Even though it is the same as a regrettable loss, this should be inferred by looking at the result. No one wants perfection. However, if you make a dwarf and hold a pearl, you will definitely have a mistake. If you think that it is a way to complete yourself by moving a face to the mirror and protecting the part, you must buy a 褤 褸. If you only care about the sky in Iccyoura's sunny clothes, the cherry blossom viewing should be less interesting. Even when the sun goes down, playing around is not a problem because of the constant butt-breaking. By the way, when I was a child ｜ Yoshiwara 《Yoshiwara》 Suzaki 《Susaki》 Even if I played with him, I learned the foolishness of the floor with a high-ranking woman as my partner 《Aikata》. Instead, I bought a few sheets and said that I was good at playing comfortably. There are a few sheets below the floor that are interesting and good on the floor. However, the world's client, "Hyokyaku," usually chooses a woman based on the reputation of the land, and honors the purchase of a mystery in the newspaper's beauty contest. If this is a doctor, all the doctors think that they are good doctors, and the confectionery is called "Kunai" by the Ministry of the Imperial Household. The custom of being detained in the name of course, of course, this has always been the case, and what is it that is becoming more and more recent? It is still a good idea to immediately discriminate between first-class and second-class geisha in Shinbashi. What kind of audience wants to give a writer's grade to the reputation of literary paintings? Most of the people who are caught in the audience like this are from the countryside. Only the literary scholars from the countryside are concerned about the publicity, and it is a habit to write a list of books in the postcard of the New Year's greetings. By the time I came back from the West, the bad wind of the literary stunt was still as it is today, and from around the 4th and 5th years of the Taisho era, not only the literary world but also the world's climate changed completely. Like the literary artist, the number of geisha is increasing, and the dance shamisen, such as Sarahi, is taken to theater expositions and other public places, and it is a great honor to put up a geisha in the newspaper. Very good. One of the places where this bad wind occurs is due to the instigation of the geisha master, who, in the name of the geisha, opens the door and has a reputation in the newspaper. Or. It is not smart or enthusiastic to use newspapers to specialize in publicity stunts, as in the customs of Enkakyosha. If the style of Edo tradition disappears, the shamisen bullet will be no different from the orchestra of an advertising shop, and the geisha will become a simple ugly woman, and it will become a living communal toilet. If the amount of illness is small and the cost is low, the ugly woman's Noh will be ridiculous. Here, from around the 41st and 2nd years of the Meiji era to the 3rd and 4th years of the Taisho era, downstairs in Asakusa, Nihonbashihamacho, Shirokubi, on the side of Nihonbashihamachokakigaracho 》 夥 《Awesome》 Nest-eating geisha 娼妓 This is why I have no complexion. At that time, considering how much the geisha purchase account was, the waiting seat fee "Machiai Sekiryo" was 1 yen, and the geisha | The minimum amount is money and maid's congratulatory money. There are quite a few places in Shimbashi where you can play at this level in the small waiting area of Roji. Kagurazaka Fujimi-cho Yotsuya If it's near Kagurazaka Fujimi Choyotsuya, there are some geisha who untie the obi with a geisha Ichien. However, the white neck of Hamacho, commonly called high [# "high" side point], is not inferior to the geisha of Yamanote, and the waiting seat fee is 1 yen, woman | The ball "Jodama" stays in one yen and does not take a special celebration of the maid. I don't hear about Yue, who waits for four minutes from the woman's farewell. If you stay overnight, the geisha will have twelve rules from 11 o'clock to the next morning with just the jade, but Hamacho will have to pay two yen for a woman. In this way, the play in Hamacho is less than half of the geisha purchase, and if it is not shaken, it is fashionable, and finally the geisha union complains to the source. If you tell me a plea, from around April 1918, the police chief of the time, Nishikubo, sent a command to his subordinate's geisha, and summoned the white neck in the city. 》 Rikeri. Since then, the remains of the white-necked excellence "Yubutsu" have been cut off in the Hamacho swordsman town area, and there are "Shibasinmeikeidai" in the precincts of Shibagami, and "Yanagiwaragudaiyashiki" in the Yanagihara-gundai mansion. The fact that it was wiped out immediately was reminiscent of the Tenpo Tora year. Instead, the geisha of Yamanote became a form of open silence from this time, and it became a force to write out the height of the pillow and the geisha in the geisha joint name book. First of all, I should recollect my many years of experience and talk about the rise and fall of Iromachi in the city.

[# 7 indentation] 4 [# "4" is the middle heading]

Around the 30th year of the Meiji era, I was grabbing my parents' shins at the house of Kojimachi Ichibancho. If you go out of the gate and go down the slope, you can hang a gojinto at the eaves of the prostitute in Fujimi Town. The lantern is a lantern with the name of a prostitute written on it. Every day, the name of the lantern is given to the geisha on the way to school. The more you compare it to the name of the lantern, the more wise you are to know what kind of geisha you are in what kind of house, and what kind of geisha you have to play once.
One day, a young crowd five or six years older than me to go to a familiar barber shop "Tokoya". It's the store's boss. Today, my relatives went to a relative's legal affairs and were happy to be away from home. During the slowdown in Shinjuku, the glass doors of the store were pulled open, and my brother and Ifu screamed. Reflected in the mirror in front of you, around the age of 17, eight, a large flat-struck "Hirauchi" silver hairpin "Ginkanzashi", Hachijo "Hachijo" hanten "Hanten" and navy blue tabi "Kontabi" The cheeks turned a little red due to the frost and the frost, and the round face was not high, and the white powder on the collar and the half-collar of the geisha hanten were dirty. I think that what I don't know is Yaba Onna, but I'm a geisha in this land who already knows the name of the Suruga family's "Kakae" Koshima at the usual Mikami lantern. Kojima sits down on the upper stile, which leaves the Osaka lattice, and picks up the brass Nagarau from the scattered "Miyako Shinbun". Brother, the picture of Pirate is to Takahe. I came to get it. The muddy top clogs are innocent as if they were looking in the mirror with their big yawning faces hanging around their legs. Later, when I asked the younger people in the store, "Wakaishu," I couldn't help but say that I was a younger sister who was hungry. For example, he appeared in a half-ball "Hangyoku" at Utsunomiya and Takasaki, but he came back last year and left this land without knowing the reason after that. In the midst of occasional face-to-face meetings at the fair of 27 immovable "Nishichifudou", Sanbancho and Kudanshita "Yose", one day suddenly | With a smile on my face, I turned bright red at that time, but the next day I couldn't stand it anymore. If you call Koshima with your mouth, you'll come right away, and if you don't need alcohol, you can call it from Machiai-san. Isn't it good? "Katajikena" advice. The prostitute of Fujimi Town Twenty years ago, it was already opened like this. In the first place, I started to open it when I was waiting for the prostitute in Fujimi Town. Before the Meiji Restoration, Kudan Sakagami was called Baba. Fujimi-cho is only a samurai residence, and the suspicious female master is located between Kojimachi 3-chome and Machiya. 16th year of the Meiji era | The name of Kojimachi is only posted in "Tokyo Prostitute" written by the drunken Taoist "Suitadoshi", and the location is not clearly shown. In the 18th year of the Meiji era, "Tokyo Fashionable Hosomiki", only five people, Fujimi-cho, Koharu, Kogiku, Kotoku, Kosuzu, and Chokichi, can be listed in the prefectural general geisha Nobe Toifujo.
When I first played in this area, I already counted a few prostitutes in Fujimi-cho, and I got 15 or 6 in Sanbancho. Things in Fujimi-cho, such as Kiku no Ie, Umetsuki, Jukaku (later Sagami), Jobanki, and Jukaku Village, which I remember now. In Sanbancho, I just remember the name of Yuyutei and forget about it. There are many sources in the restaurant. The banquets are sometimes held by the students of the autumn leaves "Kouyo" and the small waves "Sazanami". Owada of the eel shop, Owada, and the box was put in, but the army's clerk and the geisha were forced to close the shop. Uokyu, who can flourish on train enthusiasts today, was only catered at a fishmonger at that time. On Sanbancho Omotesando, there is a small dish and Uosei in contact with the Daishuro and Ifu beef shop. Kikuboha is a literary painter who temporarily competes to challenge Uosei's daughter, Okiyo. At last, I didn't know how many people fell into the hands of "Nambito". After the cleanup, I took half a genpuku and waited in Sanbancho to see the sword. Around that time, there was another Western restaurant called Kaifu Tei on the slope behind the British Embassy in Gobancho, and his daughter, Otomi, heard the voice of a cow crying at the spacious Sakamoto ranch around here. However, if you look back on it from now on, you can't think of it as being in the city. There is a Ryukyu mansion in Kanata beyond the Baba of Shokonsha. A Ryukyu man's parasol with a sash tied in front of a kimono with sleeves and a long hairpin with a hairpin. If Korea is still undying, its legation is also in Shimo Nibancho, and all the women who go in and out of these two places and make a goddamn prosperity | Yubi >> By the way, it is said that if you are poisoned by Ryukyu or Korea, you will end up with bones. Close to 27 Fudo, hang the lantern of Saikyo Shiruko on the back alley, and put the stone lantern on the sleeve wall of Hagi. There is a house that looks elegant. Around the age of twenty-one, two, the color is white, but with a butt like a pulling lie, a short, fertile girl is the Ryukyu. Rumor has it that he is a siege of people, and he wears a purple-skinned cloth on his hair and sometimes wears a mystery. Actually, it's a rumor that I went to a high-ranking inn near Nishikicho in the hands of the Ryukyu mansion, but I didn't see it with a trace. Around the 41st year of the Meiji era, when I was guided by a friend of mine and went up to the small waiting area "Komachiai" near Hamacho 2-chome Gotokuan and Ifutori cuisine, the upper "Aga" flower " Bana >> If you look at the maid who brings it out, you will be surprised to find that she is a woman who goes in and out of the Ryukyu mansion. Business conditions in Hamacho I heard from this woman's story that she didn't know what to do. Like the following.

[# 7 indentation] 5 [# "5" is the middle heading]

Around the 41st and 2nd year of the Meiji era, 2-13, Hamacho, a profession | There are 14 or 5 houses. Waiting for the maid to come to the groove board from the Kosode of the neighborhood, the women's hair bundles, the black crepe haori, and the round sword. Go to the tatami room with Oshima's kosode and crepe customs. Some of them are well-dressed and have no qualms even when viewed in the daytime, so no one can say that they are high. It looks like an amateur to the last, but if you become a high-level skill, you will not get a small face in the corner of the tatami room until you go down to the maid's preparation, and even if you talk to me, I will reply It's round and it feels like it's in your mouth. At the beginning, like a virgin, it should be a mystery that indicates the end of the rabbit. I have already mentioned that I will not pay the seat fee and all other accounts of 3 yen. If you pass through Hamacho and cross the riverbank in front of the Meijiza, you will be able to meet between the geisha of the Yoshicho union, and you will find a private house, Okiya, and a lot of people. Or. To distinguish it from the woman in Hamacho, this is called Kakigaracho. Compared to Hamacho, Kasumoricho descends in a relaxed manner, and in Hamacho, it is like looking down on Kasumori, a Shimbashi geisha, to humble the land of Kawamukou. I can go. At that time, when I visited the private fossa in Tokyo, there were five or six two-story houses in the reclaimed land of Honjo Tachikawa entrance | Aioicho, and it was open at night. Calling a guest with a god lantern. Nakasu Masagoza is also lined up in the alley next to the play called Nakasu Masagoza. The sight of attracting people, Gundai of Yanagihara, Shiba Shinmei, Asakusa Park | Okuyama, etc. At Yamanote, there are seven or eight famous liquor stores in the depression of the geisha town that protects Yotsuya Tsu, but they will be removed after a while. Shitaya, the edge of the pond, Hata, the precincts of Yushima Tenjin, and the small waiting area around Kyobashi Tsukiji, I don't know if I'll bring it from an amateur. There are four or five houses that specialize in. The Tamanoie and Ifu behind the Kyobashi Ward Office are famous on this road. In the alley in front of the store selling Hanagarta, Ginza 2-chome Uemiya, Kikuizumi and Kaifu are the maids of the nearby Toriya beef shop. No. Behind the Aoyama Sanren Corps, a depression that touches the graveyard can be used as a Tatsuma teahouse from around the 42nd and 3rd years of the Meiji era. They gathered together and pulled the sleeves of people, but both of these two places have not left the mark of a maiden since the 5th year of the Taisho era. Shitaya Satakegahara, Nezu, Iriya, Shiba Atago, Koishikawa Yanagita, Wasedatsurumakicho, I've heard all of them. , These are not mentioned here if it is a free time to ask intimately. It was in the last years of the Meiji era in Tokyo, and the customs of private fossa, the one that left its mark in the writings of famous families, and the customs of Hongo Maruyama, Ms. Ichiyo, was depicted in the masterpiece "Nigorie". Should be. "Nigorie" was made in the 28th year of the Meiji era. According to the passage, "Sit down at the storefront and kick the dirt floor behind the top clogs". At the time, the lips are like a human-eating dog with white powder and white powder, and the red beni is also a nuisance. The freshness of the new straw on the Oshimada "Oshimada" with washed hair as a slender top of the meat, and the white powder on the neck "Erimoto" are also prosperous. Relax to the area around the milk, and avoid the rudeness of the standing knees on the long smoke tube, Nagagisel, and the swearing of the dog. It is known that the hanging band on the large vine yukata is the black shiroi and some kind of eyebrows, and the scarlet flat lips can be seen on the back. It's like an older sister around the waist. (Omitted) The store has a two-story structure with a two-storied frontage, and the eaves have a gojinto and a sashimi. 《Shio》 The economy is good, and you can see the empty bottles 《Akibin》 or some famous sake 《Meishu》 and the counters 《Choba》 on the shelves. The noise of the seven wheels "Ao" is sometimes noisy, and the hostess "Aruji" approaches from the hand. If you look at it, you can think of it as a small dish. ”By this, the white powder on the collar and the face is proud of its natural fairness. Makeup, today, compared to heavy makeup, girls in the 13th year of the Taisho era can't be thought of as a fashionable "Omomuki" saleswoman. By the way, around the 32nd and 3rd years of the Meiji era, I drew about Asakusa Park | Yokyuba in novels such as Goto Chugai and Matsuba Kanzashi. Around the 43rd and 4th years, Masamune Hakucho drew a private fossa in Hamacho, and Oguri Fuyo wrote a novel about a drunkard woman in Tsurumakicho. I remember it, but now I can't remember its name. After a while, I will think about it. A novel about geisha after the middle of the Meiji era | The sweat cow full building "Kangyujuto" is not only, but the one that wrote about Hell White Neck has a feeling of being a geisha. Or. If you write about the geisha's inner curtain, "Uga", you will be drawn to the commuter, and if you say that you are a stranger to the outside of the white neck, the literary person is a little worried. It looks like it's going to get worse.

[# 7 indentation] 6 [# "6" is the middle heading]

If the star moved, it would be a thing ｜ exchanged, and humanity would not be the same accordingly. Seeing Yoshiwara's Oiran as a bodhisattva of Kabuki, Takashi Aga is a long time ago in the Edo period. The joy of seeing a geisha as if it were chic or enthusiastic should be the same as yesterday's dream. 5th year of the Meiji era | When the theater stage of Shintomicho was opened, it has been a long time since the city was so successful that it was lined up with the Hanamichi of Shinryu Nibashi. It's just a place where people can be called. If a geisha or something like a geisha comes to a banquet or a garden party, a geisha will be held. If the year changes, there will be a New Year's party, and if the year is over, there will be a year-end event. There is a farewell party every time an acquaintance travels. There is a welcome party every time you come back. If a meeting is held and sake is served, a geisha will definitely appear. If a geisha appears and hits a seated "Zatsuki", he will get drunk and will inevitably perform a hidden art. If you happen to have something to do, it's a troupe. Here, the things that come out to the world and interact with people are usually | Go to the steal "secret" and go to "Yose" and sing the leaves "Hauta" Dodoitsu "Dodoitsu" Voice "Scared" The other day Get ready to deal with this challenge. I don't know what you're going to have at a Western food banquet in the Taisho era, or where you'll remember it, but most of the time you'll know table speeches and other things. The hidden art of the banquet in the past is foolish but humorous and innocent. My husband has a really good voice. Complimenting the geisha that you can't put it in the corner is not a lifelong aspect. When it comes to the table speeches that young people like today, their dexterity and ingenuity are so good that they have a stomachache. A lot of people can easily put up with the prayer of the table, such as the prayer of the table, by the American Rikato, who has a lot of meals, and who has a seat in his stomach. It doesn't matter whether the customs are old or new, it's as annoying as a banquet. The maid tells us that if you take into consideration the noisy flag-tei "Kitei" with two or three of your close friends, the geisha that the Yomawari beats will be set on fire. The more I grudge, the more dusty smoke the drunkards and geisha stand in the hall, which is close to a hundred tatami mats. "Oh", a salt-grilled side dish such as "string", and "fish". Koda Rohan-sensei It is said that the foolishness of the banquet is blamed, and the liquor at the banquet is poisonous, but the hearts of the people in the world are different. Rather than calling a geisha to a restaurant with a small number of people, there is also a banquet that is attended by a banquet with a cheaper price and a chest calculation. There is also a songwriter, "Kusemono," who frequently urges the exchange of business cards and uses the names of other people to do things. A geisha like a marauder, even if he persuades a geisha, his appearance and riddles are second only to a good-looking woman, and it doesn't matter if he is older or not. It's always the case that I get in a good mood from here. There are many musicians of this kind in the mystery of the sales staff of newspaper companies and the diplomats of small companies. By the way, at Shimbashibe, the geisha who owns the house is not careful if he sees it as a color-triggered customer. Good >>. In the first place, thirty years ago, Shimbashi's prostitute, who called himself an geisha and sneaked the eyebrows of a commuter, is now a cunning guest. 》 When it comes to fear, the human heart has fallen.

[# 7 indentation] Seven [# "seven" is the middle heading]

Anyway, I had to close my mouth to want to go to the crossroads 《Wakimichi》. By the way, when I saw the geisha unraveling for the first time, as I mentioned earlier, I made Jukaku and Ifu waiting in Fujimi-cho, and paid out the money for all the accounts. At that time, the word "Hansuke" was also accepted, and there was also a mystery to visit Takeuchi "Takenouchi", which seems to be a big deal about Ichien. At that time, the market price of the female seller, Shin-Yoshiwara | Even if you look at it, there is nothing more than this with the money Ichi Yen 2 pick-up of the woman of Omise. Therefore, the general public should be recommended. By the way, in Fujimi-cho, after all, at the banquet of Kanda Renjakucho, Kinseirou, Kobusho ｜ Koma 《 Koma's house "Ya"'s hug "Kakae" Komitsu Toiheru turns the water to this Sachihito, Komitsu goes out of the Kinseirou and Komitsu teaches Sotokanda Sakumacho Kawagishi I went to the Komatsu family and Ifu, and waited for a woman to come to the small tatami room where the storehouse was made. This is the 32nd and 3rd year of the Meiji era. By that time, the word "free business closure" was still new to me, and some people thought that the reporter of "Niroku Shinpo" was going around Yoshiwara's small lattice. There is no such thing as a geisha union, and there is no rule to call it a licensed area that limits the area of business. Geisha At that time, when I went out to Mukojima on a winter night road, I sometimes wore a high-ranking hood. Attach a thread to the corner of the square crepe, and put it on your earlobe. Kosode has many enthusiastic patterns on the thread weave stripes. A geisha collar is always attached to the obi, and the obi is indispensable. 》 To go to the vaudeville 《Yose》 mystery. The woolen shawl is already gone and the Azuma coat is in fashion. Fold the silk stingy into two triangles, wrap it around the neck, hide your mouth, and wear light-colored gold-rimmed black glasses. The man also wears silk sunglasses, black glasses, a velvet bird cap, a haori of Oshima or something, and a kimono of Ichiraku or Futsuori. The velvet is wide at the cage. The ring of the gold seal "Mitomei" and the apron of Kurohachijo are attached to the little finger, and the setta "setta" flutters and walks. This is a breeze that makes a man feel uncomfortable. Measure the time when the geisha returns from the tatami room, call out to the Hokage of the Gojinto from outside the lattice door, and sit in the direction of the long fire bowl Nagahibachi. I'm looking forward to having a drink. All the patterns of the prostitutes are written on it. As already said, if it becomes a sweat cow full building, it is excluded here. Curious person About the books posted on the left The highlight is the one that is obvious from the transition of Hanayagi customs during the Meiji era.
[# Indent two characters from here]
Yanagibashi New Magazine Volume 2 by Yanagikita Narishima, published in the 7th year of the Meiji era
Assortment of willow strings, Volume 1, Shigekiyo Matsumoto
Shimbashi miscellaneous notes, Volume 2, published on November 30, 1891, by Mannen Matsumoto
Tokyo Shin Shigeki, Volume 6, published in April, Meiji 7 by Seiichi Hattori
Tokyo Whore, Volume 3, by Tadashi Ideban, October 16th year of Meiji
Hanayagi Circumstances, Volume 3, December, Meiji 13
Shimbashi Geiko Reputation Record, First Edition, published in September 1884 by Goen Nakamura
The first edition of Tokyo's best book, published in May 1884, by Shiroo Nozaki
Gingai magazine first edition, published in February 1897, by Bonko Narishima Yanagikita
Reputation of a geisha, Volume 1, published in August 1887, written by Tadashi Tadashi
A must-have for commuter, Volume 1 by Bunkyo Hanagasa, the second generation of the board released in April, Meiji 17
Sento Bijinzen Vol. 1 by Aika Miki, released in November, Meiji 17
The story of Sento, Tohto, Volume 1, published in December, Meiji 15 by Aika Miki
Tohto Sento Yotan Volume 1 by Aika Miki, released in August 1887
Tokyo Sightseeing Record Volume 1 by Shinichi Harada, a resident of Chikugai Fujii, published in October 1st year of the Meiji era
Tokyo fashion details published in July 1887
At that time, the heyday of the prostitutes, written by the fashionable Michito
Yanagibashi geisha Nayoro, date of departure unknown
The heyday of Kitasato Oiran Retsuden, Volume 1, Volume 2, December, 1884, by Sanshi Sakurasu, by Tsunekichi Okubo, Aika Miki
Tatsuyama Kita Magazine, Volume 2, published on December 4, 1902, by Harushi Hanamachi, Seiichi Hattori, by Kengi Kuwano
Volume 1 for prostitutes, published in Meiji 17 Aika Miki Original work Choko prosthesis
Shimbashi Hakkei Geisha Bushi Volume 1 Prosthodontics by Aika Miki, originally published in Meiji 17
Nihonbashi Ukimei Kago, Volume 1, published in Meiji 17 by Harutaka Yamada, reviewed by Itobashi
Tokyo Geiko Reputation Record, First Edition, Meiji 37th year, published by unknown author
Yoshihara Volume 1 [# Warichū] February, 1884, Epigraph Capital Letter Tower Shizue Preface Kaku Ebiro Kinryu Phrase Inamoto Ryo Yakumo Shimatsu no Ie Dew Eight Phrase Other titles
Taihei Raku 娼妓 Speech [# Split Note] Published on February 4th, 1884, Hachimanro Hachimanro Takao Satoshi Kawakami Mitsuru Sentence Karasu Ariyama's Writing 娼妓 Tekozuru's Speech [# Split Note End]
Tohto's famous prostitute, published in 1918, Kiyotan Kawajiri, co-edited by Shikō Okamura
[# End of indentation here]
This is just a few of my things. Harutaka Yamada's "Nihonbashi Ukimei Kago" was written in June 1887 | Geisha Kanoie Utakichi in Himonocho "Himonocho" Nakahashi's Karamonosho "Tobutsusho" Yoshiwara's adopted child He died with a dagger with Yasubei, and wrote the story of "Tenmatsu" in a novel body. This death was made in September 1897 by Shin-Yoshiwara Shinagawaro's geisha and a small geisha of the Ministry of Interior. Shori》 It's been a long time since Toyoe Tani became a narrative of the world. At that time, Shinagawa Romoriito was spelled out in the Joruri style under the title of "Shinju Hiyokuzuka" in the "Yukiyo Shimbun". There is also a Kusazoshi, titled "Sato no Hanasakaru Murasaki," spelled by Fumihiko Harutei. Around the 32nd and 3rd years of the Meiji era | Performing at the Tameike Theater. It was in the Meiji era, and it was a novel drama that was made into a novel drama. Hirotsu Ryuro's novel "Imado Shinchu" is in Kyomachi 2-chome Chumairou, but it's style | Should be. The rumors of the world are seventy-five days, and only in the heart of Shinju, the story is told to the world for a long time. This is due to the power of the novel drama. Chikamatsu Monzaemon draws an example of Joruri. Spring Shimbashi in the 45th year of the Meiji era | Shigaraki Shinmichi Masayo Nakamura, a geisha and actor, grudged Matagoro Nakamura and died after drinking sulfuric acid. However, the rumors that the lover, Kozuka, who spells out the novel and tries to pass it on to the world, will soon disappear. In the Taisho era, actress Matsui Osuma's hangman's death, Shinka tribe | Yoshikawa's daughter Okama's suicide, doctor Hamada's daughter Ei's suicide, everyone | He lost himself and hanged his parents and brothers and humiliated his friend's name. Hamada's daughter, Ei, is a cat. Gana >> It's said that the cat is constantly. Iwami Ginzan is the old Iwami Ginzan without a cat. 3rd year of the Meiji era | Since the husband of the female moneylender of Saruwakacho was killed with this poison, the world has been passed down to the mouth of the Iwami Ginzan for a long time. The name has changed and the name will be different someday. In the past, wearing a cap and singing a song in my heart, Yomiuri Land, now it's a song for the night of the fair, but it should be the same as the same name. .. The violin of a man who is like a calligraphy student, and the humorous tone of the song, is known as a verse, but it is easy to hear the song. There is something that tells the story of the song. Historians of posterity | Must be seen as a material for the history of manners and customs.
[# Indent two characters from here]
Oh sad sad sad,
Prior to your love,
There is no one to talk about now.
I couldn't even get a costume
Waiting for the curtain to come down,
Behind the scenes crying.
Very pathetic Miss Sumako "Sumakojo".
In love with Shimamura Hogetsu, Shimamura Hogetsu
A journey of death that left a mark.
[# End of indentation here]
It just happened to be a vocabulary that I remember. There is an author from the original, which is a folk song on the street. At that time, it was not polite to plagiarize the texts of others as the textbook editors did. Therefore, in a word, I will describe the reason why I take the fragment in the delusion and record it here.

[# 7 indentation] Eight [# "eight" is the middle heading]

Recollection is a place where the old man is the best comfort. In the fall of Meiji 41, when I came back from the West, I was going to hold a feast for me as a literary person at the Thursday party. We gather at the Ueno stop, and then walk around Asakusa and stay overnight. It was September and a half. At the time of cherry-blossom viewing, if it's daytime, which isn't even in "Hanamidoki", those who are willing to dress up because of their status or occupation will pay a fine of 5 yen in addition to the membership fee and apologize. However, if you look at what gathers in the waiting room at the Ueno stop at 4 pm on the day of the event, the chairman | Shafu >>, a milk delivery husband, a craftsman, a merchant, etc. Among them, Mr. Konami wore black glasses on the twin-striped single garment "Hitoe" with the suspicious summer haori "Natsubaori" and white socks "Shirotabi" setta. The body is struck by the clerk of the rental parlor. In addition, he wears a five-crest cotton crest and a hakama of Kokura on the bowler hat of Ota Minamidake, and puts the emblem of the Red Cross on his chest. These two are the best performers. Fourteen or five people walked around Asakusa Park, Senzoku Town 1-chome Matsubaya Toifu Countries | Entered the merchant inn "Akindoyado" and had dinner. In the park, there is a Yaba famous liquor store, and there is a go to see the dance of Genjibushi, Yoshiwara | Go home and stay overnight. Those who stay out for fear of the filth of the futon will come back if they promise to take a fine again, spend the night here, and have breakfast the next morning. He called out to come and did various tricks, pulled up the inn, crossed the bamboo shop, and walked on the sumi embankment where the cherry blossom leaves were scattered. I took a rest at "Kakaen" and reached the half-planting of "Mokuboji" at Mokuboji Temple and held a banquet while drinking alcohol. Uehan of Mokuboji Temple is a liquor store that doubles as a lodging facility. At that time, many guests stayed with geisha and stayed there for a few years. Even if you look at the willow of Umewakazuka without seeing the inspiration of the red geisha again in the precincts of Mokuboji Temple, you can see the willow of Umewakazuka. 》 And Kashiwa Nyotei 《Kashiwagijote》 are no longer the ones who should think of Meigin. At 5 pm when the sun goes down, Kanegafuchi Spinning will listen to the whistle of the company factory, and the leaves of the vegetation will be swayed. In the evening fluke of the river Kiritachi Mayofu, when the passing here is near the shore of the Isogi Hashiba | By the time of 41, it had already passed and it was the story of the world. There is a famous liquor store on the banks of the word "Kototoi", but at the beginning of the Taisho era, it became a waiting-style restaurant and was named "Meotoburo". I heard that some of them had died and the house was demolished soon after the number of customers. On the banks of Akiha Shrine, there is a teahouse called Arima Onsen, which is located until around the 5th and 6th years of the Taisho era. At Mukojima, this Taguhi teahouse and Iheba deposit "Irikin" prosperity "Hanjo" The taste of the clam soup "Shijimijiru" that has been around for a long time. I was invited by Yukimi from Tsukiji in the 8th year of the Taisho era, and I stopped by, but the taste of clams hasn't changed for 10 years, and the tamagoyaki has become extremely warm. I can't forget that Shibata Zeshin and Chagake of the clams are still in my eyes. It was around the time of the Taisho era that a geisha in Akihabara could form a different union from the geisha on the bank of Mimeguri. The early work of "Shuren" that cannot be solved to the obi "Hayawaza" If it is popular, it will soon be banned, but it will soon be revived and merged with the old friends of Mimeguri. Should this be around the 7th or 8th year of the Taisho era? In the Taisho era, there are more than one or two new geisha towns in the city. Azabu Amiyocho "Azabu Amishirocho", Koishikawa Hakusan "Koishiwa Hakusan", Shibuya Arakiyama "Shibuya Arakiyama", Kameido Tenjin "Kameido Tenjin" Someday, Negishi "Negishi" Gyo's pine pine, Komagome Shinmeicho's Komagome Shinmecho, Negamo Koshinzuka, Osaki Gotanda's Osaki Gotanda, Nakanomura's Arai's pharmacist "Yakushi" mystery, I have almost "almost" no play history with old legs past forty today. Allowing geisha towns to the towns and villages of Shinkai is to encourage land prosperity. It's like a policy of sending immigrants to a barren land and trying to clear it. People in the world are happy to call it a development plan, as it should be possible to bury paddy fields in the suburbs of the city, cut down trees, build rental houses, and officially recognize salesmen to make it a town and plot prosperity. Most of the time, there is no choice but to fall into this category. The increase in literary magazines and saleswoman is not a swordsman, but someone should be angry at this. While sledding his shoulders, he puts his brush on the chabudai to avoid getting bored while waiting for Yamanote to sledding and waiting for the prostitute. It's still cold in the spring of the year when the big earthquake hits, and on the second floor of the barracks, there is a sign of "Kinpu Sanjin".



Bottom book: "Kafu Zuiboshi Collection (below)" Iwanami Bunko, Iwanami Shoten
Issued the first print on November 17, 1986 (Showa 61)
Issued the 23rd edition on July 13, 2007 (Heisei 19)
Parent of the bottom book: "Kafu Zuiboshi 1-5" Iwanami Shoten
November 1981 (Showa 56) -March 1982 (Showa 57)
* The bottom book is a large scale of "ga" (ward number 5-86) used for counting things and place names.
* Rubi is a new pseudonym, and the ruby's yoon and sokuon are written in small letters in line with the treatment of the original.
Input: Hiroshi Kadota
Proofreading: Yoneda
Created on September 5, 2010
Revised April 2, 2011
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
