Its source
Yuriko Miyamoto

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Apatrapya
-------------------------------------------------- -----

The night before a few days, I got on Odakyu late. I was relatively quiet and sat down unusually. There is a big middle-aged man next to me, who is constantly looking up the books he put out of his paper bag. In the seat next to it, there was a thirty-year-old Western-style woman with a black cloak, white muffler, and rimless glasses, showing her curiosity and looking at the pages of a man's book from the side. There is. There was something eye-catching in that situation.
Then, just before the departure, a gentleman hurriedly boarded. "Oh XX teacher!" An unreserved voice burst out of the woman's lips. Then, I received a bag saying, "I'll have it." "It seems that it's been an activity in Oita these days." "Oh, no one has come to me, it's not so." However, the woman did not lower her voice to every corner of the train, and for the expeditionary force. He talked about teaching Japanese, being very happy and kind because he was born in the United States, and giving him a lot of chocolate and sugar. "That's sweet chocolate. Come on, I'll treat you. It's really sweet enough to make you sick."
To feel humorous and listen to it, a woman should be sensible, and there is a strong sense of superiority in her tampering and smile. People were being struck by it with bitterness.
It has been more than two months since the expeditionary force arrived in Tokyo. Before the arrival of the Allied Forces, it was mainly Japanese military-related work that taught foreign soldiers as if they were non-humans, as if they were horrifying and hateful. Upon actual contact, the vast majority of people were amazed at the training in social life, which was completely different from the images they were taught, and the brightness of how humans interact with each other. With the habitual awe of working people for those who have abundant things, it can be said that the expeditionary forces have been well received.
However, it is not always the case that the brightness of such an expeditionary force influences the feelings of the Japanese as a clearness that does not become cloudy as it is.
In the evening of the next day when there was a story about chocolate that was too sweet, I got on another suburban train for business. Two young soldiers from the expeditionary force were on board the train, which was packed with crowds of people carrying a heavy load of shopping and working, with two young Japanese daughters. The daughters are dressed in ordinary clothes, but they are chewing gum as an unusual thing. Both soldiers are Latino Americans, with curled hair sticking out from under their hats. They would think they were talking like they would normally be talking to a girl in the country, but let's go down to the comfortable straps of their nourishing body, or something like their daughter's face. There was a group of men and women who were tired and hungry around me, and I couldn't help but create a unique atmosphere.
At first glance, two young men stood diagonally behind the group, paying close attention to the changing voices and poses of the soldiers and daughters. The two were 189-year-olds, who could be seen at a glance as honest working young people. I can't forget the facial expressions of those two young Japanese youths at that time. The rather simple two faces reflected their indescribable youthful spirit, which they couldn't even describe. Youthfulness was directly perceived as a vague anguish for the young sensibility.
Even though it's rare to see this facial expression appearing in such a true and cohesive manner, it feels like it's going through the face once and twice in every day of today's Japanese youth. is not it.
I often see similar expressions appearing in the mouths of young women.
And those who have the ability to express feelings are accusing young Japanese girls of losing their self-esteem and dignity today.
Even with that, I was surprised at the magnitude and depth of the harm caused by the acts of war criminals. They have wrecked their homeland economically and politically, as well as the morals of their people. It was inconvenient for all the people to give in to unreasonable power to force a war. To that end, he deprived him of his ability to think, judge, speak and act accordingly. I was trained to immediately give in to a small amount of external pressure. For several years, he had been forced to adapt to irresponsibly changing circumstances without criticism. If the Japanese do not have the dignity and dignity of an individual that they should have today, it is true that many people in modern Japan have a true personality since the Meiji era. I think we should be more enthusiastic about the fact that we still cannot clearly judge the system that has led us to not even know what dignity is.



Bottom book: "Miyamoto Yuriko Complete Works Vol. 16" Shinnihon Shuppansha
First edition issued on June 20, 1980 (Showa 55)
Issued the 4th edition on March 20, 1986 (Showa 61)
First appearance: Same as above
Input: Takuji Shibata
Proofreading: Iwayohiko
Created September 14, 2003
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
