Soma's revenge
Sanjugo Naoki

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Kuroemon | Later, he became a storyteller.

｜: Symbol of the boundary between kanji without ruby and kanji with ruby
(Example) Kuroemon | Later, he became a storyteller.
-------------------------------------------------- -----

One

"Gunemon, be honest", "Kuroemon | later become a storyteller"
A man written with an adjective such as upright is usually too stiff to be a woman. A man who is a samurai and wants to become a storyteller later, this is sometimes struck by a flirtatious woman.
Therefore, it seems that Gunemon's wife was a flirtatious person, and she became a good friend with her younger brother, Kuroemon. This is the story of the end of the second year of Kan'en. In March of the following year, they went up to the mouth of a person for a long time and seemed to have noticed something that only "upright" Gunemon did not know, so they escaped with some money. It was.
There is no reason for these two people to live on a little money.
"Apparently, big brother, you noticed that you're here. There's no road bank to go to China, how do you get rid of it?
"Kill that person?"
"If you don't kill that, you'll be killed. Poisonous food, plates, or do you still have time to come up with it?"
"I don't think about it"
"Isn't it okay?"
Neither of them had such a nifty conversation anyway. Talk about such a thing and wait for the machine. On Kuroemon's belly, if it goes well, I'll take away the money-the night of April 6th, the darkness. He sneaked over the fence with a sword, a black furoshiki, a man with no crest or name on his cheeks, and bare feet. Raise the self-supporting board from under the floor to the living room, and when you look at it by making a hole in the shoji from the corridor, the lantern "Andon" is sleeping at the bedside, so it's all there. When I step on the tatami mat and awaken my eyes, I take a step from the sword that shook straight and the threshold, and then I take it down. The wound wasn't deep, but it caused a concussion, so when I stretched out my hands and shook it, I took my head off the pillow and fell sideways. After watching the situation for a while, it seems that it has run out when approaching. When I open the hand box on the wrong shelf and look for it, there is no money. I was able to slash it well, but when I slashed it, I thought it was out of that box, so I searched for him or here, but I felt like this. It's also creepy. Hold a small chest of drawers and pull it tight. I made a noise to a light place because it was locked, but with that,
"Who"
The voice of Tonai Nakagawa, a servant, regains his sword and puts his back on the wall.
"Husband?"
When I thought I hadn't heard for a while, the sound of the sliding doors in the next room 《Heya》 opened. When Kuroemon is important and he is about to walk sideways and go out into the corridor to open the shutters.
"Oh-the songwriter" Kusemono ""
The body steadily hits the shutter and jumps into the garden. I fell on the door and stabbed the momentum sword into the shutter, but I had no time to pull it out. Fortunately, I ran up the fence and ran away at a glance.

Two

Tennai, 17 years old, using the sword that had been abandoned as evidence, the lord of the forest-Bungo Province-Kurushima "Kurushima" Shinano Mamoru "Shinano no Kami" Mitsutsugu "Mitsubu" Emon applied for a joint sign with Seijuro, who is six years old.
"It's a strange ambition," it's a sunny day. Gunemon, his wife was robbed, and he was killed for his rape husband without being pulled out. If it is a place that should be cut off, let's give a favor to Seijuro as it is, especially for the purpose of that person, and because of the old house in the house. It's better to wait until you're five years old and kill them. Until then, let's learn kendo well. "
There was a comment from the executive. Seijuro is six years old, so it's been nine years. Yuzu is a ship that has been in full bloom for nine years, and although it is quite long, it is a ship that has boarded Junai. To Seijuro who doesn't understand anything
"Bocchan, this is the enemy Kuroemon. Come on, it's still a long way off."
And, I tried to practice the sword of the straw doll, the practice of slashing the standing tree, and the desperate practice until the 9th year of the Horeki calendar.
Tennai's younger brother is Yagoro. With this, the three of us went to Kyushu | Sagara, and went to Hakata to search for Hiroshima, Okayama, and Osaka. There are some road banks, but if you don't know in Kyo-Osaka, next is Edo. I was trying to save as much as I could, but I became more and more lonely, so it was popular in Edo at that time. A merchant called "Kouyaku" shouted out and asked for a hit in the center of Edo, but he wasn't there. In the spring of the 12th year of the Horeki, a ronin with a Bungo accent was doing a paper massage in Sendai, but after some conflict with his wife, he kicked his wife. I was told that I died because of what I did-what I am doing now, maybe I will stay as it is.
Tonai | When I went to Sendai as if I was dragging Seijuro by doing a sparrow dance, it certainly seems that way, but it is gone. When asked in the neighborhood,
"With his dexterity, he was a master of Tenarai, and he helped with the play, but he said he wasn't too far away."
It is called. With this power,
"My husband's kneaded plaster"
I entered Iwaki, Soma-gun, Somagoori, while flowing.

Three

Because I knew the enemy's dexterity, I thought it might be possible, and I entered the vaudeville as it was. I don't think it's easy to get into a yose these days, but the old yose was popular in the two ways of studying ears, learning early, and studying. It seems that the holy entertainment is tied to the people, and apart from the activities, it does not seem to be popular as a vaudeville, but it seems that it is roughly one-third less than in the Edo period.
Edo's storyteller who came to Soma Haramachi, Makigyusha Umebayashi, a man named Kiyuji Hisamatsu, who is reading military memoirs in Takaza, and a player named "Asobinin" from the storyteller. Of course, it's an undercard because it's a name, but for a tight reading tone and an amateur stain, it's probably skillful.
"When was the time, when was it, in November of the 23rd year of the Tensho era, Uesugi Dansho | Leaving the politics, he did not lead the 18,000 horsemen who were selected for the election, prayed for victory to Yawata, and made a lineup. The six-legged drums are lined up, and the flag that flutters in front of you is the flag of Tohachi Bishamon. Moegi and white two-tiered belly, Shojohi's jinbaori, and a golden stag beetle-shaped helmet are pushed all the way up ... "
In the dirt floor, I put a pair of Kido noren 《goodwill》 with my head, but it was so crowded that I stopped a little 《a little》 and when I saw Takaza, I suddenly came to my chest. If you pull your head in and look closely from the curtain, your hair and appearance will change, but it looks like it.
"I often enter"
"Hey"
The guy named Kidoban is often unfriendly.
"It seems that the current Takaza is a samurai climb, but isn't it?"
Kidoban, staring up at his face,
"You know it well, I'll tell you anything like that."
It came out with a puppy, but when I went to the seventy-eighth room, I saw it at a glance, and steadily stepped on the ladder and flew up to the inn where my husband Seijuro Sasaki was staying.
"To one inch table"
"Did you find it?"
Wakizashi to take out from the load. The complexion changes.
"Where is it?"
Two silent people to let you know with your eyes.
"Wait for Yagoro"
And when I came to the vaudeville after the maid who was suspiciously seeing off, it leaked to the outside during the Great Battle of Kawanakajima.
"In the morning breeze that blows away quickly, the fog is clear, and if you look over Kawanakajima, it will fall from the heavens. It will spring up from the ground. The troops are coming and going, and this is known as Echigo's famous brave general, Amakura Bizen Mamoru. "
Kidoban turned down and smoked all the time.
"Hey, thank you"
Grab the guy who puts two wooden bills,
"I will get a bill"
Pass it silently and gently snoop from outside the curtain.
"Please come in"
I said, but I can't hear it. I could hear it, but I couldn't hear it.
"I'm sorry, but how about it? Hey, that's at the entrance."
"Oh no no excuse"
It came out with a puppy.

Four

Kiyuji got off the high seat and there was no place to sit behind the booklet, even though it was a dressing room. When I was sitting down and sipping astringent tea, there were only two stools that I had struck with Shiraki, who didn't even shave.
"Is Kiyuji in front of you?"
A man who stood leaning to the left from behind. I only know the concentricity of the countryside. If you stand on your right hand, you will eat a slaughter, but if you stand on your left hand, that will not work.
"Hey, this side"
"To the outside"
That said, one straw mat ｜ repellent 《splash》 is outside. Forty-five people are standing with one lantern lit, so they are drawn to stay as they are. It's something to do with it. I don't think it was the exact opposite. I arrive at the office while thinking.
Shirasu: It doesn't mean that it has its own sand. To the garden of red clay, one goza,
"I'll look it up in the middle of the night. I'm sure he was formerly Kuroemon Sasaki."
Well, I noticed, but I can't escape. Cut the white and put it on top of it,
"I don't know at all"
Turn the official's neck,
"Must be this man"
So, when you look sideways at Kiyuji, you can see from the shadow of Kagaribi.
"It's different from Sure. I don't want to sit down. Kuroemon, don't forget to see it. Jiya Nakagawa."
And, Nakagawa Junai. Bugyo or turn around,
"Well, that person will be familiar with it."
"Huh"
However, the fact that Touchi said "no difference" and the magistrate said "how about that person" was folded with breathing that couldn't hold a haircut. Clearly accordingly
"No never"
It cannot be said that it is. Anyone will come out with a "happiness". Chasing after that opportunity again
"Strike the rope"
I thought it was a regrettable official to leave it in Haramachi, but it was a katakiuchi, so the lord Soma Dansho's Metsuke, Jintayu Ishikawa, who had just come to see him, investigated it himself.

Five

The next day, the old lord of Seijuro and Kuroemon, the Kurushima family, was hikyaku, and the reply said, "No difference, thank you." Since it was properly notified, on May 24th, 12th year of the Horeki calendar, I put up a rope with a stake of 20 minutes in the open space in Nakamurahara-cho, Uda-gun. If it's a play story, it's all about Takeyarai, but that's because I thought about the disturbing people of the criminals, so the katakiuchi usually use "Koba". I struck a stake saying, "Turn it."
A lot of people came out early in the morning, and 50 people came out with ashigaru, and with a 6-shaku stick,
"Withdraw, quietly"
And organize. When the time comes, Metsuke enters the inspection station of the temporary hut with the samurai head "Samurai Gashira". When seats are set up, Metsuke, Tomita Yozaemon, Okasho Uemon, Ishikawa Jintayu, Metsuke, Shinsuke Ichikawa, Yamada Ichiroemon, Samurai Takagi Genemon, Adachi Hyozaemon will be the debaters. Come in on horseback and on foot.
Ashigaru puts water in the pail to the left and right where the prosecutor is. He has a plectrum with the samurai drum aside.
"Seijuro Sasaki, to this"
The voice with a small basis weight came out from the left and right.
"Don't wear the kind of chainmail"
"I'm not doing it"
"Please play quietly"
"Thank you for your support."
Nakagawa Junai, the same thing,
"Kuroemon Sasaki, don't go out"
From the right hand
"Change under clothing"
Ashigaru, stroking from the top of Kuroemon's clothing,
"I don't wear it"
"Okay, I won't behave cowardly."
"Thank you."
"Sake cup"
One Ashigaru puts a pottery "Kawarake" on Shiraki's three treasures and brings it to the center. The latter is going with a pail,
"Sake cup"
Kuroemon received a bite of the pottery from Ashigaru, and Ashigaru pointed to Junai, pointing to Yagoro Tonai, and turning from Yagoro to Seijuro.
"Iza"
Shout. Stop and crush it on the ground. And, when the drum of the signal, the drum of the signal, and Ashigaru lowered the three treasures, the four people pulled out their swords,
"here we go"
Ashigaru is guarded by two people on each side, holding a six-shaku stick. Hakama with a crest of Moka cotton. Even if it's ashigaru, it's a good person.

Six

The four people were silently glaring at each other. If there is not much difference in the match between three people and one person, one person will not slash. One of the three cuts in. It is normal to remove it and slash it into one of the outsiders to destroy the enemy's camp. Seijuro and Kuroemon are both ordinary arms, so first of all, Touchi
"Hi"
I will put it in my hand. A small hand in a serious game is a thin one, but when measuring an enemy with assistance, I try to put a little "a little" hand in this area. Pay, cut, retreat. When Seijuro tried to subdue from the side, he rebuilt the structure with Kuroemon.
"Hi"
It's been about half an hour since Kiyuji's skill, but he can't compete. Even though it was the morning, the sun at the end of May was quite hot at 8 o'clock, and the four of us were soaking in sweat. Don, the sound of drums,
"break"
Ashigaru shouted and put a six-shaku stick between the four. Involuntarily stroking sweat,
"Thank you"
Thank you. Along with the ashigaru, break up to the left and right, wipe the sweat, drink water, and try the sword.
"It's just another breath, and I don't have enough steps. I'm sure I've got one, such as the fourth slash, but it's just one inch outside, but please step on it."
Although his status is low, he is proud of his martial arts and tries to criticize him.
"Mr. Left, I'm afraid I can't take it firmly if there are many things to see."
"No, there is a sight to see, so if you can catch it firmly, look up."
Ashigaru is greatly raised and lowered.
"How do you want to start?"
And, a small basis weight comes to ask.
"This is polite. Please, please."
Don, don. I was yawning to see it, but it's about to come back.
"Iza"
The six-shaku stick that I pulled, I played again, but I managed to defeat it. The voice of the battle cry rises.
"I'm going to see you"
After the ashigaru word, thank the prosecutor.
"Don't worry about bringing a neck."
In the storytelling, Takeyarai was tied up and the enemy was defeated, but when it came to the true story, it was extremely rare to do such a thing. What is reported in the folk books is this and the one of "Miyagino Nobuo's katakiuchi", and there was rarely a match of Haru in the Koba. Let me give you an example.



Bottom book: "Twenty-one episodes of genre" Popular Literature Museum, Kodansha
First edition issued on March 17, 1995 (Heisei 7)
2 prints on May 20, 1995 (Heisei 7)
Input: atom
Proofreading: Shigeo Yanagisawa
Published May 12, 2001
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
