Underwater friend
Shinobu Orikuchi

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example)

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Numbers are JIS X 0213 area area number, or original page and number of lines)
(Example) * [# "Eyes + Tadashi", Level 3 1-88-81] Warm "Mabuta"

/ \: Double dance character (repeated symbol in the shape of a vertically lengthened "ku")
(Example) We / \
* Double the dance character with dakuten is "/" \ "
-------------------------------------------------- -----

[# Indent from here]
A friend who has never spoken.
Even if you are young, you are alone.
I have never talked about it
I have never written a few lines of letters to him--
At the same time, I feel him who enjoyed my friendship.

--When a friend dies
I heard the voice of Arashi.

The young world will raise their hands and accept
The death was gracefully killed.
The aged world is a word that has become a mess.
I expressed a shibu face.

Only those with first-class education--,
With a casual look
Tae, let's leave that figure to disappear.
Saikofu: The arrival of this country, Shikita
He must believe and be at ease.

Young friends are young but Yuno
He died after leaving his dream-like karma.
This is all
I think it's the beauty of being a person who is too young.
I feel sick in our hearts as the years go by.

I died with a casual appearance "Kaho"-
[# Indent two characters from here]
Really a person who has become distant and quiet
You don't have to say anything forever.
My * [# "eyes + 匡", 3rd level 1-88-81] Warm "Mabuta" Give me a faint light
[# End of indentation here]

* * * * *

It doesn't make any sense for me and others to write a commentary on Dazai's book. There are many criticisms of deceased crops and writings of guides at hand, so in such a situation, I can't help but look at them with my hands empty. Even so, in my lifetime, I thought that I would like the deceased to know that there are people who have been ignoring the promises of words and that some people see the crops like this. Because there are also, so-called ゞ is not a reminder that there is no right to write. So, I wrote a few sheets of selfish impressions without connecting to the kind of reputation notes [# "Emphasis mark of the people of the world"] and stopped the deceased [# "Ku" Emphasis mark] I want to express only my heart in front of the bereaved families who have become acquainted with me.
The knowledge about the deceased was obtained from one to ten from the deceased's friend Harube Ima, and most of the writings are to praise that and praise him. I got it from what I was supposed to do. Therefore, even if you look at each other, you will feel a shrinkage mark [# "emphasis mark"] when you say something like that. What comes out this time is "cherry peach", "human disqualification", and "Vyon's wife" -a crop that gives the names of all the deceased one step at a time.
However, I always think that the depiction of the character and the desire is not the whole of Dazai's style, so the method of picking up the word is said to be a masterpiece selection of an outside bookstore. I didn't have a good idea about the windy things. In this case, Dazai is a cute person-that's what I came up with. Therefore, I'm not too terrified about how to make Kadokawa's paperback [# "not terrifying"]. With such a reminder, he expressed his hope that he should at least add "Takesei".
People who don't know Tsugaru may think that it's cloudy all the time, and people are talking about heavy things. The concept is coming true. However, Tsugaru on the verge of death is laid-back and calm, and we must not forget that people long for an elegant life. This can be seen in the same works by Yao Kitabatake and Kyuya Fukada, who wrote the literature of the same region, Nebu Hi. The quickest thing to do is to walk through that elegant town of Hirosaki.
Somehow, I grabbed my head and the word "clean melancholy" came to me. This is the proof of Tsugaru's personality. When I say something like this, it makes me laugh when I buy it, and I also know that it's not something that can be said in general, but Dazai-kun is a person who says it. Dazai will do it. Since the literary scholar is an art scholar, no one should come up with a mistake in my thoughts that he was the one who spoke.
When I saw the crop, I always felt that this pure melancholy wiped my heart. Only then would he be happy to see the crop of this friend who had never seen his face and had never seen his face. So, to the public's words, my feelings have always been to protect his lonely standing.
"Vyon's wife" and "human disqualification" were also included in the category, and I saw them. When I think about it in a straightforward manner, Dazai in my thoughts is, in the old days of [# "toku" as an emphasis mark], a part of it is going to go. Judging from the history of words, what I think about is not an emphasis mark [# "emphasis mark"].
From the perspective of us, who are amateurs of Zubu [# "Zubu" and the emphasis mark], in the novels and plays of Bungei, this young crop has a history that is surprisingly satisfying. A fictional life on top of the life of the world that we / \ will never leave from it-the word [# "emphasis mark"] is bad-the life of the literary scholar's desire "Keg" Is coming out. It's not the secret of anyone's permission to live such a life, but as soon as they have the freedom to pile it up, they diverge to a different life. It was said that he was a poet, but now he has a ring-shaped shape. When he sees Dazai's life as a literary scholar, one day he lives on a crop. However, from the life of the world, it is divided into Gun [# "Gun" as an emphasis mark]. Since I believed in a life that only protects me, I pursued my own literature. So-called, the brush was used for the pursuit of life. He gradually crawls into the depths. I was reluctant to get it. It's something that Dazai knows for the first time when he sees the "new tide" of the setting sun. Prior to the appearance of reality, a fiction appeared. It's a fictional crop, especially a misleading crop, so you can say that literature comes out first. You may simply use the word literary work. The fiction of the sunshine is added earlier than the reality of the sunshine. Following the fiction that unfolds, the reality is backed by * [# "廴 + 囘", 4th level 2-12-11]. ――I think about it afterwards. -It has nothing to do with the facts-If the author who has an illusion accidentally adds a little exaggeration to the heroine of that novel, he will know the illusionary woman. become. It was a daughter who had a literary aspiration, and had a memoir-like writing that wrote in her novel that it was close to her own review history. ――It's easy to explain if you set the facts. He who became acquainted with the woman praises him by borrowing a memorandum. Life on the novel is about to begin. At the same time, the fictional life begins to spill out as / \. Negotiations with the daughter on the novel proceed as soon as he commented on his life, or when he was able to make sure. In the same way as the scientist's experiment, the experiment of life goes on in him.
――While I was looking at the surface of the sunshine one after another, such a ki happened. Whether the end of the novel stayed in the reality of the author, or even went out into the fictional world, these two came to my mind. However, both of them are different from the author's idea. This is limited to the author's body. The toughness of the flesh must conquer the fiction by saying things [# "saying things" as an emphasis mark]. Otherwise it will be dangerous. This kind of dangerous feeling was a sensation, but I couldn't meet the author in a few minutes. Only Dazai, who speaks and listens to Harube, knows. Harube also talks about Dazai-kun, who is in the style of Sauifu, because a group of young people have a habit of thinking that showing a friend cleanly shows the goodness of his life. I tried to be clean. Therefore, I couldn't figure out the fate of Dazai-kun and think about it. Also, when I came out, nothing happened ... In the meantime, Dazai went beyond the novel-or began to love a young woman and a man who was wandering between middle-aged and young, in the wake of a novel he hadn't written yet. .. This unwritten novel was incomplete due to the strength of the author, or even as a reality, but if you cross that boundary, it will also be a solution to the relationship between men and women. Even though I was given it.
Dazai was a student and was afraid that the origin of the novel would die, so he sang various classics. Now the effect appears on the crop in various forms. We can comfortably look at the experience he has piled up on this book. However, as a worldly person, you are the only one who is not a student or a literary scholar. The word was the life of Ayako "Futokologo". I had to build up my history. However, his life as a fashionable author did not allow him to play far away from his house, Shigotoba, and the swallower who nourishes his heart. Yui he studied. I made an effort to rub the body [# "emphasis mark"]. His pile of experience squeezed his health to the point where he couldn't redeem his health [# "Seri-Tsume").
There, Ryunosuke Akutagawa, who was from early on, suddenly regained his power within Dazai. Even if I'm sad, it's still too much.



Bottom book: "Shinobu Origuchi Complete Works: Seven 廿 卷"
Issued on January 25, 1968 (Showa 43)
First appearance: "Commentary on'Human Disqualification / Sakura Momo'" Kadokawa Bunko, Kadokawa Shoten
November 1950 (Showa 25)
"Bungei No. 10th No. 12th"
December 1953 (Showa 28)
* The file "Explanation of Kadokawa Bunko" Human Disqualification / Cherry "in November 1945." Bungei "No. 10 and No. 12" written under the title of the bottom book is a file. I moved it to the "First appearance" column at the end.
* The mixture of misuse of dance characters (/ \, / ″ \) is as per the original.
Input: Noriko Takayanagi
Proofreading: Tarao Bannai
Created December 27, 2003
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
