Sumida's spring
Aeba Koson

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Today, "Kefu" is

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Teacher |

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Numbers are JIS X 0213 area area number, or original page and number of lines)
(Example) * [# "Word + Making a Tomb", Level 4 2-88-74]

/ \: Double dance character (repeated symbol in the shape of a vertically lengthened "ku")
(Example) One by one << Ichi / \ >>
* Double the dance character with dakuten is "/" \ "
-------------------------------------------------- -----

First 囘


On March 20th, today, Captain Gunjitai sent a line for a short boat expedition, and this magnificent figure was also used. Followed by "Zukau" and entrusted the pattern "Moyau" of Chishima to the same as the business situation "That Keikiyau", and searched for the world. Reported to "Seken", proceeded to "Hadau" and proceeded to "Mizuka", and for the duties of "Hokuyau" in the North Sea of "Setsura Ubanchiyo". When I sent the Asahi Shimbun employee "Asahi Shinbunshiya" and Mr. Yuji Yokokawa "Yokoka wa Yujishi", I got up in the morning "Asa" and "Maki". Go out, wash your face, wash your face, and hurry your car to Mukafujima, always. The liveliness of the city, which is not in the city, is three and five. Everyone who walks should be the one who sends the line of Captain Tai, and it is 7:30 am at Ryogokubashi. Haya and Kitagaha on the north side of the bridge are human fences and standings, and Kawakami is far more observant, and the mountains of Midori and Tsukuba are also hazy. , The lieutenant "Taii" was struck by the high honor "Homare", etc. "Kuchi /" \ If, Hundred | From the book "Pon" Pile "Guhi" Ishihara "Ishihara" riverbank The wheel of the car also turns around, and the mess is so messy that the captain is a friend of mine. If there is a "my" employee in this line, and if there is a "my" employee in this line, then when I see the appearance of this brave person, I think it is someone else. I'm glad that I'm praised for my self and I'm confused, and I'm happy to be alone. I also greeted the people of "Konogunshifu" with "Ichi / \" greetings "Greetings" one by one with "Etc." "Ichizoku" Relatives "Kinshin" people "Kata /" \ "how delighted" Kankuwan "extreme" Ki "and tears should have a throat" and push people Minutes "Oshiwa" and spicy car to Mukaijima "Mukafujima", but from Chomei-ji Temple "Chiyaumeiji" forty-five | "Ha", "Sumu", and "Hiki" However, at other times, it should be noisy and crowded, and people should be reluctant to wake up. I couldn't get rid of it, and I got down the car and was pushed by a person's suggestion. It is unknown where the employee friend is in Izuko, and there is no tsu, and the mountain of people in front of Kotohi, who is born without being born. If you look at it, you will be happy, and you will find the Fukuoka Tower in this area, and the Asahi Shimbun employee resting place. There is a tag "Fuda" of "Kujiyo", and it is a paradise "Gokuraku", and it is so happy that it hangs on the eyes of the ancestor "Gosenzogata". If you go up to "Deaf", you will be filled with employees "Michimichi". At the time of the former turtle "Genki" Tensho "Tenshiyau", the credit of becoming the master of one country and one castle "Nushi" is not difficult, but Kishi "Kishi" "Tsumi" and black "Matsukuro" followed by "Tachitsu" and all the "Mi" heroic "Gaketsuzen", and "Yo" Yes / \ Happy " I was so happy that I couldn't stand it, and until I couldn't see the water on the surface of the river Opening, rowing, rowing, maha, state, and the ura of Yashima, which is seen in the picture of Biyaubu. Similar to the battle of "Katsusen", the lieutenant "Taii" gave a big applause, "Daihakushiyu", and "Ahida" during the "Daikatsusai", and the boat "Fune". After receiving the congratulatory congratulations from the ship "Fune" and "Flying", it was addressed to "Gentei", the source court lieutenant of "That Kami" at that time. It becomes "Enzen", and the pre-existing "Yo" also comes to "Niku" movement "Ugo" and goes to Chishima "Chishima" with Mr. Yokokawa "Yokokawashi" and goes crazy. "Kuruhi" and "Fune" are the cheers of the captain "Taii" and "Banzai". There are several people who have witnessed the magnificent Saka-sama of this sama, who left and did not leave the island of the uninhabited Zetsukai Mujin. "Mei / \" pondered "Koto /" \, and how excited he was. In the brain of a person who is a little, especially a small person, today, this day, this place, this place, this state, this state, and the eternal depiction of the cane. Ya, stop, and later, make any big business, Taigefu, seeds, and fantasies. Looking at people, a kind of "when" and "tano" feels like "this" is also emitted, and this one line "this one day" is the news of "after this". 》, If the employee 《Shiyain》 Yokokawa 《Yokokahashi》 entrusts the communication, read the lieutenant 《Taii》 send-off 《Sakau》 and 《Wa》 together. There is a feeling that it will be "that", and that "that" will be "later" after "this day", and "yo" will be "this day" alone today. I was so happy that I became sick, and I didn't resign to the employees. I made a bra / \ and an interesting fantasy, and made the bank a north head. The number of people who return with Doya / \ while walking on their knees and fluttering, seeing off, and returning to Doya / \, is the year of the lieutenant. Where is the birth of "Izuko"? Or "Aruhi" is a short boat "Boat", Chishima "Chishima", etc. When I hear "Hasa", my husband "it" is like this, and he "that" talks to this "cane" and I want to hear it. He pokes his foot with a Western cane, and even to that person, he makes a laugh from this person, makes a laugh, and gives a nod. Where is the walking stick, Ayu isn't there, and at the place where the foot stops, suddenly, if you take care of it, there, there, Dr. Gakukai Yoda's "Yodakukai Sensei" became a villa "Betsusau", and at this "Koko", another "Betsu" delusion "Mausau" spring "Wa" does not occur.


Second 囘


It's been four years since the old days, and together with Mr. Minami Midori, "Tomo", this villa of "Gakukai Sensei" by Gakukai Sensei. From morning till evening, what did you say, "how", and what did you do? At that time, the poem of the teacher, "sensei", left "sa". Show "Shi".
[# Indent 4 characters from here]
Aeba Koson, January 22nd, Aeba Koson, Aeba Koson, Aeba Koson, Aeba Koson, Aeba Koson, Aeba Koson, Aeba Koson, Aeba Koson, Aeba Koson, Aeba Koson, Aeba Koson, Aeba Koson, Aeba Koson
[# Indent two characters from here]
Giant and unconventional invasion, scrutiny of arguing, genius of Tsuruo, stubbornness of Kotobuki, play * [# "Word + Mound Making", Level 4 2-88-74] Yun Asa, Sad Song, Ichidoku, Umehana Kasokoden Yoshiwa, Tadashi Twilight Harutsuki Rin
[# End of indentation here]
At this time, the sun is also beautiful, the wind is soft, the Japanese is joyful, the plum blossoms are scented, and the eaves are scented. To be happy with the voice of Uguhisu, the room is separated from the poetry, and the sound of the claws is smoothed. I have a taste, and my body and mind are clean. If you want to know how to make poetry, go out with a Japanese rhyme, even though I'm afraid, and surprise the teacher with something that surprises you. Deception, people | envy, envy, wanting to do things that can't be done.其夜 "I that" is Shi read it out "Ida," such as poetry "Shishifu" is, we "crack" while Tomesho "stop far from" the defunct Utsuriki "fickle" and, husband "it" also That night, with only the dream of "That's right", the next morning "Well Asa" moved to another thing "Other things" and forgot about it. Every year when he sees the blooming of plum blossoms, he thinks of the joyfulness of the Konohi no Kai (Kuwai). I want to surprise people with "main", make poetry, make poetry, and "wow", and agonize over "moda". There is also a mysterious sensation of "Kanou", and soon "Kinjitsu" suddenly gets a poem "Sa" on the left as "Totsuzen". ,
[# Indent 4 characters from here]
In the past, Minami Sudo, Gakkai Yoda * [# "Sanzui + (壥 -Sathen- 厂)", 3rd level 1-87-25] Uemuraso, Sakuma, Kimiyo uniform gift, Imami Four-year-old sword, last year's rain window, Gakkai Yoda, Gakkai Yoda, Gakkai Yoda, Gakkai Yoda,
[# Indent two characters from here]
Murasou Fumiichi Dust Invasion, Best Qingtan Collar, Yugi Sentence Grace, GLOBEAT Kagetsu Arashi, New Voice Northern Talent, Intrinsic Southern Court, Same Smell for Many Years, Machi-kun ,
[# End of indentation here]
If you can make it different from Nantes, you will not be able to do it, or if you keep this poem in your pocket, you will be surprised to hit the gate. I'm wondering if it's "surprise" or "Mao", but if it's a poem of "Kantoku" that makes me crazy, "when" and where "where", I'll do it again. There is no line in the translation, but Koreha / \ is praised as being well-made. If you give it again, you will build a mountain on your chest again, and this will be a big poem, and you will be able to think about it. If you listen to it on a piece of paper far away without dedicating it, you will be impressed with Hum while holding the teacher's beard. In this child / \ Speaking wow, and the sound of a dragon snake on a poem, and a gold ball on a mail box. Even if it becomes a certain thing, I will also write a poem of a Japanese rhyme on my sleep that night. I was impressed by the fact that I was surprised by the teacher's only or the worldly people, and hesitated to be surprised and cheap, and hesitated to the outside of the gate. Don't go into the sun, go to the road "Michi" Hiki "Hiki" Kahete Hundred | Hanazono "Kuwaen" Kinu, New "Shin" Umeyashiki "Umeyashiki" Hundred | "Kuwaen" is a sword of plums, and if it is a big holiday, "Gunshifu" should be "that", but "this" is also exceptional. The liveliness of Kakubetsu, Nigi, saw the send-off of Gunjitai, the lieutenant of Gunji, and spoke to his children and grandchildren, Mago, to teach the poem. In addition to the farewell "Saubetsu", there are also many "Ijin" players in the "Hegusa", and the return "Kahe" is * [# Instead of the "general" in "Tsuku", "" "Ozato", 3rd level 1-89-61] "Tsu" is towed to this "Ko" from "Sukuna", and once again "Ichiban" is lively "Nigi" is Hiha If you don't have one, you can set up a person, a poem, and a nation, and if you put yourself in the poem for the nation, the city will be full. People who are "manto" are moved by everyone, and they get a poem to the flowers of plums. It becomes a thing to do good things, and people give benefits to the world. For the adult prince, "Muka", even if there is no direct relationship, if it is an indirect inspiration, it will be respected. While going around the garden while looking down without looking at the flowers, such as the fluffy ones, I opened the flower garden "Hanazono" and relaxed the hearts of people. Enjoy the merit of the owner of the garden, "Kudoku", and get the "Ka" instead of the tea fee of "Chiyadai". How can anyone open up?


Third 囘


In this Umeyashiki, the chrysanthemum wall has opened since the spring of the 9th year of culture, and Hundred | Hanazono, the story of the chrysanthemum wall, is Seifu Hiroshi. If Roshi Yujin was entrusted to Kokumin no Tomo earlier, no one would know anyone, but these days, Chikagoro Ichi In the newspaper "Arushinbun", Kikuu was uneducated, and was made into a singer by the poetry Buddha "Shibutsu" and Pengsai "Bosai". Although it is possible to see things, Kikubo is better than the original, and the worldly talent is long, but there is no academic text, poetry. Buddha "Shibutsu" Pengsai "Bosai" Kayama "Shiyosan" True face "Magaho" Thousand | There is no difference in being blamed by a half-between 《Taikohanbun》, but at the same time, 《Shiyomeika》 does not celebrate Kikubo 《Mushiyuugi》. In the same way as the surrounding 《Torimaki》, while 《How do you do it》, Kikubo also uses the famous family 《Shiyomeika》 in the unscrupulous 《Mushiyagi》. No matter what the listener "Monjin" is, he is proud of himself in the world of "myself" and spends money with "Kauman". On the face "Ohozura", it was badly devoted to "Ekoji", and only I became a knowledgeable person. Sakahiteu's play teahouse "Shibajiya" Izumiya "Izumiya" Kan "Kan" Ten | Gari became a young man in the store, and the outline of the Kyoka was also interesting for the customer's "Kiyakusaki" numbering "Kuba". "Interesting" Speaking to you, I took in / \, and I liked the actor "Yakushiya" and "Omotekata", and uttered "Ki-mi-mi" to imitate what I saw. It's a rare guy in the teahouse Chiyaya's youth, even though it's a quick-talking improvisation, such as Hotsuku, Kyoka, and Kyaka. And the 5th generation | White monkey "Hakuen" favored him, and in the afterglow of the white monkey "Hakuen", he was hugging "Hautsu" and "Fuhaku". He became enthusiastic about entering the "source", and was dexterous to the incense tea "Kauchiya" and the live flower "Ikebana". 》 To this person 《Konohi It became a tea utensil shop "Chiyada Uguya" at the "Hikitate" of the "To" and others, and it became a cute "Kaai" to the various houses with one "Kuchimahe" in the mouth. If you swallow the spirit of the listeners "Kifu" in the 40-year-old review history "Etsureki", you will be able to "Sweet" the famous people. A resting place "Gokiusokujiyo" was created, and the reward "Reward" was a plum tree "Ume" | Then, "Kane" and "Hiretsu" appear in the sneaky "Hiretsu", and "Meian", a plum "Ume" one | 》 How is it? 《etc.》 and hold it with 《edge》, and use the width 《ha ゞ》 to take advantage of the tea 《Mitafu》. , Mr. Koreha, I often come to see you, "Saiha", and "Meishiyu", the famous sake of "Taurai", which comes from the person who is on the left. Please let me know that you have been engaged in Seishu, and that Jiyuji has become a good man. If you make a fool of yourself and make you happy, you can slap the professor Ohozura Sensei Yokohira, and shake the swords on the other side. , Kikuu is a funny guy, and I'm grateful that the next meeting will be held at Asuko. , This becomes a ticket to all the people, "Hikifuda", and by the attraction of the listeners, "Monjins", to the lords, "Come". In the meantime, the name of the new plum mansion "Shinumeyashiki", known as "Edojiu" in Etochu, not only the husband "it" but also the teachers "sensei / \" standing up. In addition, let a person make a story of Miyakodori Kau, a city bird thought of Nakusakau, and publish it under my name, Myana, and what I don't know is true Bunya. If there are many visits to the swordsman, the name of the garden will be given to the nations immediately. , The prosperity of the branches and leaves, that's the only thing, or the remnants of the well-established famous garden, "Nen / \" year after year. Prosperity "Hanjiyau", Nami / \'s wisdom "Chie", and life science "Namasaigaku", this "Ko"'s long-prosperity immortal plan "Keikuwaku" should be. Take the care of the listener "Monjin" and everyone "everyone" "Myself" is a great deal, and it becomes a talented "Saibutsu", and if it happens at the time of "Sengoku" in the Warring States, it will successfully capture the heart of the hero. Then, any kind of miracle was set up, and in particular, one was added to this place, and a famous garden was added to the haiku. I don't think it's just my personal interest, but I think that the Kikuu of this Kikuu and the old age of Raunen seem to be a little scholarly, and the haiku of the mad song "Kiyaka" Iku is not in the hands of only the left, and in the letter of Kiku, which is stored by me, there is a picture of Ume, a branch, and a picture. On top of that, there is a phrase that means that the spring of the garden is divided into "Waka" and "Mao", and "Kitei Bakin" is clear. After losing the song, in order to forget the melancholy, let me write it down and write a miscellaneous haiku. There is a haiku of this "this" chrysanthemum "Kikuu" two | neck "shiyu" phrase "hotsuku" one | phrase "ku" (letter) And that book, "That's right," was also relocated. "It's a pity that I couldn't find it even if I searched for it." "Gauketsu" "Yamashi" came "What" and planted "U" Sumida River "Sumidaha" and the white monkey "Hakuen" Basho "Baseu" Laughing at the phrase, he must be obsessed with the world's famous Miyauri, and everyone who sees this day is happy. I'm glad, and I'm grateful for the work that I'm doing for people. Flying "Tobi / \" alone "Alone" lol "E" Mi Sumida "Sumida" Harumitsu "Shiyunkuwa" Today "Kefu" New "New". (Meiji 26 [# "26" is tate-chu-yoko] March-April, "Tokyo Asahi Shimbun")



Bottom book: "Meiji Literature Vol. 13 Aeba Koson" Chikuma Shobo
April 25, 2003 First edition first edition issued
Parent of the bottom book: "Aeba Koson Complete Works" Shunyo-do
August 1928 (Showa 3)
First appearance: "Tokyo Asahi Shimbun"
March-April 1893 (Meiji 26)
Input: Yuko Saito
Calibration: noriko saito
Created July 22, 2008
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
