Suzuri-bako and clock
Iwasaburo Okino

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Ishinosuke "Ishinosuke"

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Immediately |

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) Futon [# Emphasis mark on "Futon"]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

Ishinosuke 《Ishinosuke》 was sitting at his desk, and when he was thinking about arithmetic, his neighbor Kim 《Kin》 came and
"Sata-san. Ishi-san studies a lot. It will be a tight box and a suzuri-bako," he said. Then Sadao
"No. Ishinosuke can't be a suzuri-bako very much. The suzuri-bako is Mr. Shigemaru at your place," he said.
Ishinosuke, who listened to the story of his father and Kim here in the bran, thought that something strange was wrong.
After a while, Kim returned, so Ishinosuke immediately went to his father's place,
I asked, "What do you mean when I can't become a suzuri-bako?"
Ishinosuke had a very strange face, so my father struck his knees and laughed while laughing.
"There is a story about a raccoon dog becoming a tea pot, but I have never heard of a human being becoming a suzuri-bako. It's the raccoon dog who said that it was Mr. Shigemaru or you who would be the raccoon dog, "said Dad, who explained that it would be the raccoon dog.
"Ishinosuke, you know the name of the lord."
"I know it. It's Yamano's Kii's guardian Kami."
"Sauda. Formerly a lord of 38 thousand stones, now a viscount. I'm going to Tokyo."
"I'm good at riding horses."
"The lord has passed away, and now the young lord has become a viscount. It has been fifty-seven years since Kii Yamano moved to Tokyo. In the meantime, I never returned to this town, so the people of this town gradually forgot about the lord. When Wakaden was sick last year, one of them was a letter of sympathy. The people of the town are bad, but the lord who never came to this town for 57 years is also bad. So, the lord and the people of this town have In order to get along well, the honor student who graduated from the school in this town from this year will be given a reward "Gohaubi" from the lord. Gives a silver side clock and a letter box to the honor student of the elementary school. It is a letter box with a fixed crest. "
When my father said that much, Ishinosuke said
"Wakatsuta, Wakatsuta. I want that box," he said.
"Yeah, I'm hoping. I wish you could get the box. By the way, I think the sixth grader is Mr. Shigemaru. Mr. Shigemaru, that. I don't want to be a samurai. If possible, I would like to receive a samurai who was an old servant. This is a samurai who played the role of Ashigaru, so if you could get the box. , The lord is also pleased. "
Father Sadayu was in tears.
"Father is okay. I'll give you a tight box and its box."
Ishinosuke cheerfully said with a nigiri fist, tapping his knees.
"Well, that's good. Do you have any prospect of winning over Mr. Shigemaru?"
Father asked worriedly.
"Yes. I'll show you the best with me."
Ishinosuke said with confidence.
From that day onward, Ishinosuke began studying desperately, thinking that he had to get a suzuri-bako from the lord.
January and February have passed, and March has come. The graduation exam is approaching. But to be honest, Shigemaru can do better arithmetic. Shigemaru is also better at writing. It seems that Shigemaru is the best. So I just wondered if there was any way to make Shigemaru second.
Shigemaru has a weaker body than Ishinosuke, so I don't study much. My father, Kindaifu, talks about Suzuri-bako in various ways, but Shigemaru just smiles and doesn't say that he wants such a thing. Mr. Kintayu said that Shigemaru must have courage, and that the child of a commoner is not good.
The graduation exam has finally begun. However, on the second day of the arithmetic and spelling test, Shigemaru was so feverish that he was absent from school.
Ishinosuke went home after the exam. And
"Father, you can get the suzuri-bako," he said.
"Are you okay?" Said Sadayu.
"It's okay. Today, Mr. Shigemaru got a fever and took a rest, so I'll be the best."
Ishinosuke claps his hand and hits the inside. Dad Sadayu was also pleased.
Mr. Kintayu next door said that the Suzuri-bako belonged to Mr. Ishinosuke and spilled tears. But Shigemaru
I read a fairy tale magazine on the futon [# "futon" as an emphasis mark], saying, "Well, there is no failure."

The day of the graduation ceremony has come. After various ceremonies were held, a white old man with a beard, who served as the chief retainer of Yamano Kii's guardian Kami, acted on behalf of the lord.
"From this year, the former feudal lord, Viscount Yamano, will give me a suzuri-bako with a fixed crest as an honor student." Then, from the principal,
Ishinosuke's joy when he was called "Koshiroishi no Suke ..." was so great that I couldn't even express it in my mouth or brush.
When the ceremony was over and I returned home, Sadao immediately put the suzuri-bako of that 《so》 in front of the Buddhist altar.
"Father. Mother. Old man. Grandma. Please rejoice. This time, Ishinosuke received a suzuri-bako with a fixed crest from the lord. Please praise Ishinosuke." I said. Otsumo also shed a happy smile in front of the Buddhist altar.

At the end of March, both Ishinosuke and Shigemaru took the entrance examination for junior high school. Ishinosuke was the first and Shigemaru was the third. Upon seeing it, Mr. Kintayu thought that the iron side clock of the junior high school also belonged to Mr. Ishinosuke.
When I was in the first or second year of junior high school, Ishinosuke was the best and Shigemaru was the fifth. When it was three years, Ishinosuke was the best and Shigemaru was the seventh. In the fourth year, Ishinosuke was the best and Shigemaru was the ninth.
It's finally time to graduate. The prefectural governor came to the graduation ceremony. The white beard's elder also came. And Ishinosuke gave me the iron side clock with the lord's fixed crest engraved on it.
The small newspaper in the town praised Ishinosuke in large print.
Shigemaru graduated at Juban. It was because my body was weak and I took a rest from time to time. However, when I went to Tokyo and took the entrance examination for high school, both Ishinosuke and Shigemaru were able to enter, but what happened was that Ishinosuke was number 5 and Shigemaru was number one. It was my turn.
Ishinosuke thought that there was nothing wrong with the lord, but when he left the country, his father, Sadao, told me.
"Once the exam is over, I'll go to the lord's place to thank you right away," he said, so the Yamano Viscount family on the hill of Tabata. I went to Tabata.
When I asked for an agency from Omote Genkuwan, an old man came out and asked for his address, surname, and first name.
"What was your status in the old feudal era?" So, Ishinosuke
"Until the time of the old man, I will play the role of Ashigaru."
"Well, then you shouldn't enter from the front door. Please enter from that small entrance."
Ishinosuke went to the small entrance while thinking that it was strange, and a student wearing a short hakama came out.
"Please enter this reception room," he said.
Ishinosuke took off his dusty shoes and went up to Genkuwan. Shosei-san opened the door. Looking at it, a white-colored young man hung on a chair in the back of the reception room. The young man was Viscount Yamano of the lord.
Ishinosuke grabbed his face and went into the reception room. And thank you for the box and the clock.
"It's strange, I don't remember giving you that kind of thing. I think I and you haven't met for the first time," he said.
Ishinosuke received a suzuri-bako when he graduated from elementary school. When I said that I received a watch when I graduated from junior high school, the lord was angry and laughed.
"I don't know. I don't remember giving such a thing to you guys. Maybe the Yamano family is having a hard time getting forgotten by their old servants. I wonder if the family decree started such a thing. Hmm, I don't know. Did you give you a watch in my name? In fact, I'm a body. I was so happy that I failed twice in the junior high school of Gakushuin University, so I couldn't enter the high school at last, and I just hang out every day. Is there a guy who is willing to receive a prize from a sick student? "
The lord said such a thing and laughed out loud again.
Ishinosuke was surprised and vague. Then the lord
"Mr. Nosuke Koshiraishi. You used to think that I was a better person than you. In the past, the lord was great, and Ashigaru was a poor officer, but now he is from a junior high school student. But high school students are better, so you are twice or three times better than me. "
Ishinosuke was getting more and more surprised. The lord said again.
"You can't just study the suzuri-bako or the clock. You have to study scholarship. Real scholarship ..."
At that time, Ishinosuke thought of this lord of the fallen student as a great person.
Then Ishinosuke set out for the purpose of studying. Instead of studying to be rewarded or to be the best, I desperately studied to become a doctor of my choice.
When I left university, Tokishige was the best in science. Ishinosuke was also the best in the medical department.
At that time, the lord of the fallen student became a master of the body and livestock in Hokkaido with great success.
The article "Den-sama's Milk Delivery" appeared in newspapers all over Japan in the summer of the year they graduated from college.



Bottom book: "Japanese Children's Literature Series Vol. 1" Holp Shuppan
First print issued on November 30, 1978 (Showa 53)
Parent of the bottom book: "Special fairy tale third grader" Kinnohoshi
July 1938 (Showa 13)
First appearance: "Kinnohoshi" Kinnohoshi
January 1926 (Taisho 15)
Input: tatsuki
Proofreading: Keizo Tanaka
Created February 21, 2007
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
