Takinogawa Poor Cold
Iruru Masaoka

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Blue north wind << Aogita >>

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Leaf | Hiiragi << Hiiragi >>

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) [# Indent from here]

/ \: Double dance character (repeated symbol in the shape of a vertically lengthened "ku")
(Example) Day / \
* Double the dance character with dakuten is "/" \ "
-------------------------------------------------- -----

I lived in poverty through half a lifetime at Takinogawa and Suginami Mabashi in the early Showa period. I was paid a woman to a Western-style restaurant at the end of the field, and the life of a rotten relationship with a woman who was ugly and extremely illiterate continued, and I was constantly repeating a few farewell stories. Life was a forgiveness that both mental and material things went on day / \ unexpectedly. On top of that, when I first rented the second floor of a Western laundry shop near Yukinakaan in Nishigahara, and soon after I found a lonely Nagaya in the nearby area, I moved to the Kanto section of Miyuki Susuki, a genius of Koganei Taro. The family came to eat at me, who was in the midst of a fall. Naturally, my life, which was suddenly unexpected, spurred me in two or three steps, and I fell into a state where I couldn't get rid of it. I left the Taro family, who lived there, and ran away at night. The memory of the fugitive escape is that it was in my twenties, and when I think about it today, it feels like a page of a precious life reader. For a pretending life, I got a chance to get it again forever, with the deceased's blind small collar "Hikara", the late circle right "Gonin Mawashi" and other valuable records of the deceased. I can't bear to regret that I don't have it / "\. I have detailed the tragic drama during this period in the unpublished novel" Aogita ", so I don't think I'll talk about it again.
However, in my life of poor cold and poverty, I published a personal memorandum imitating Mr. Kafu on the left in a certain magazine. Mr. Masaharu Konee sent me something that had been dissipated from my hands from the beginning. Let's extract it.

[# Indent from here]
Kita Toshima 《Kitatoshima》, on the banks of Nishigahara, Takinogawa, and the graceful second-floor renting, was about to be squeezed in 1945. The warm afternoon of spring, which is often the case in the evenings of the year, will not be the one to live in the world by moving from the land of Haru / ″ \ Shonan.
The county of Kita-Toyoshima, Koori, is a place where you can see what the "Edo Famous Places" are, and it's old-fashioned. These days, it's soothing, and if it's done, it'll be a cane in the orchard for a day. There is a rare grass that can only be called "Western congratulations grass ...", and although the taste is rough, it is strange to ask for a cane, Kido, and Okamoto-sensei.

×

Snow or snow--there is a lot of snow these days. On the night of heavy snow on the tenth day of the snowman, a certain Kimura of Naniwabushi, Hanashika's Yanagi family, and Narimichi, Gion's Gion's theater, are on the way to their seats. You can see a giant snow doll, such as a sheep that is the zodiac of Shi, or a fox that is shaped like a snowman, and a torn umbrella.
It was snowing on Boys' Day, and it was rare in recent years that the streets of Tokyo and the snowmen that were allowed to look around were often made. By the way, I was heard by my late grandmother, such as the above-mentioned snow raccoon dog, which is Hirokoji in Ueno, and in the heavy snowfall of the last years of Edo, the snowman, Shinkawa, was created. It didn't melt until the next flower bloomed, and I missed the sights | crowd "Gunju" seri-the story of the story.

×

Nostalgic, on the same snowy night, if you go to the seat, you can see a raw piece of heavenly beauty record, already boiling in a copper jar of a long fire bowl-your favorite Suzuko [# "Suzuko" side point] If one person leans toward the side dish, the outer surface "Tomono" still seems to fall in the snow, and the rest is lonely, and there is no voice. --A long time ago, a rakugoka in the last years of Edo became a swordsman for the trouble of a land mine fire, "Yaku". Do you become familiar with the sake cup? Meiji | Kaika's laughing king, Bakushoou, Steteco's circle play, Enyu, is also a snowy night, and with the leaves of his words, "Gozen, etc. [#] "Chazuke" Saku / \ and Katsukomi [# "Katsukomi" as a side point] in Uji. Now, in addition to selling texts, I'm imitating a rakugo storyteller and walking around Ichii's vaudeville every night.
[# End of indentation here]

Today, I reread the old manuscript with my readers and lost sight of the indicators in the literary world and at home. I can't help but feel like I'm afraid to see him. What is Naniwa Bushi Narrator in the text? Kimura who became ill after being evacuated to a mountain village in Koshu just before the end of the war, because the propensity of grandiose delusions accumulated under the first Shigematsu gate and the propensity of grandiose delusions accumulated. It is a heavy line. I remember that I had a relationship with Taro Koganei about half a year after I struck a yose at the end of the venue with these Shigeyuki and others. In the text, the other rakugo storyteller, Yanagiya, is Gontaro Yanagiya, who is famous for his modern rakugo storytelling today. At that time, he was just like me in the preparatory era of writhing.
However, I should hide the desolation of my feelings and the blame of my family, and decorate the characters of Kiyofuku, which is like a good day every day. If I could tell you, at the very least, I pretended to be the character of Taihei Ikuraku, and squeezed out the wisdom of mono no aware to save the rough ridges around me. Those who know my cold life of the year will easily understand that this word is not a lie. At the same time, there is a taste in the house where the poverty is passed. In response to the mountain of debt and the spirit of the rakugo storyteller "Kyoka" in the flow of quality, I barely lost my life in poverty, and today I have been celebrating my age. It also appears because it was done. Kosuke Kusuda, an up-and-coming detective novelist who lives in a place not far from the day, draws a picture and the shadow of the poverty of his life is drifting on the screen. I was told that it wasn't something I could get, so I said that it wasn't the way of painting, but the whole art. It was Mr. Kusuda who was sad and familiar with the fate of my rakugoka era, and was told that he lamented at that time whether the end of the rakugoka was actually here.
By the way, there are no historic sites in the Takinogawa area that have been introduced to Edo. Asukayama reminded me of the sorrowful butt of the predecessor Higashiya Korakuyan, who had a skillful face-to-face meeting with Yuten Yoshimatsu father and son. ”, And the story of Yataro Aoki, a Hanto Han at the end of the Tokugawa shogunate. The remnants of the famous garden of the Tokugawa shogun, the small garden of Mugenji, the envy of Ichirizuka, and the rehearsal place of Tayu Tokiwazu Matsuo, who died the other day. One day I prefaced to see the autumn leaves of Takinogawa with my mother and wife to Professor Kido Okamoto.
[# 2 indentation] Buy three autumn leaves lunch boxes at Kakechaya
Knowing that there was a phrase, I was able to pull a cane with Taro Koganei to Kogyo-ji Temple even though I was almost short of pocket money. The beauty of the autumn leaves reflected in the mountain stream of the Takinogawa was still barely a little bit, but there was no resting teahouse, and the style of the autumn leaves lunch had died two years ago. It was. Even if the bento was stubborn, it goes without saying that we couldn't afford to buy it in our pockets at that time. Aoi.
Speaking of "Prince's fox", Mr. Yanagisako IV, who broadcast this, used the pillow [# "Makura" as a side point] to go under the prince's costume Enoki during the old years of Oedo. He preached the scene of Hiroshige Ukiyo-e, in which the foxes approached and burned the fox fire, and decided that we should be able to thirst for the legendary style for a while rather than to determine the truth of the matter. It was fun and sensible to this person who played on the path of haiku. Furukawa Yanagi also has a slogan that says, "Pick up the hair of Kanpachishu on New Year's Day," which was made from the prince's fox fire. Inevitably, a fox fire sword was held at Oji Ogiya as a singer, but no matter how low the prices were at that time, the membership fee for one evening with a senryu was of course one person. I couldn't attend the New Year's Day banquet at Ogiya, which is between the senryu and the senryu, because I had a few dollars before. At that time, my livelihood was such that I couldn't afford the luxury of being able to eat the grace of a restaurant Ogiya, which was introduced in Edo. It was day and night in the mountains of Seki that I could take a peek at the spectacles of cats and mice that were dear to me.
By the way, when I was supposed to pay a membership fee similar to that of the world at the feast of the Chinese New Year's Eve today and get to line up at the end of the seat, the owner, Kura Osamu, had already resigned from the world. It's been a long time. However, I am talking about Yoshida Koji Medical Expo, who is in the same class, and I am publishing the magazine "Senryu Festival" with Roppa Furukawa and Musei Tokugawa, so when the appropriate generation comes, we will be the founders. It is said that it is a difficult task for the old man to comfort the spirit of Tokugawa culture love by recreating the style of the Edo civilization and the maturity period by gathering a night of the great year. Although not, the prince Ogiya of the essence has been destroyed by the trouble of demolishing just before the air raid due to the violence of the military government. Isn't it the Taisho era that the shrimp shop, which fought for victory with Ogiya, went out of business one by one? There are many foxes, and the costumes that are said to have burned the fox fire are also the victims of this fire, and today it is vacantly named as the stop name of the prince train. ..
The old poet sang that the country was defeated and there was a mountain river, but we, the former Tokyo people, were defeated and the mountain river was lost together. What should I do if Kosan Yanagiya, who showed his brilliance to the "prince's fox", died suddenly after that?
[# Raise one character from the ground] (Showa Yin Fire Pig, supplemented in early winter of the same year)



Bottom book: "Tokyo Koimucho" Chikuma Gakugei Bunko, Chikuma Shobo
First print issued on October 10, 2004
Parent of the bottom book: "Tokyo Koimucho" Yoshie Shobo
December 20, 1948 (Showa 23)
* The bottom book is a large scale of "ga" (ward number 5-86) used for counting things and place names.
* Rubi is a new pseudonym, and the ruby's yoon and sokuon are written in small letters in line with the treatment of the original.
Input: Hiroshi Kadota
Proofreading: Kazuo Sakai
Created March 4, 2016
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
