Tama River
Fumiko Hayashi

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) For neatness
-------------------------------------------------- -----

It was so hot that Tsuda went to the washroom to wash his face. There was a big window in the washroom, but today there is no wind. It's a sweltering afternoon.
"Mr. Tsuda, I'm calling."
Tsuda looked out the window in a daze, and the female waiter came to call Tsuda. When I go back to the office and listen to the phone on the desk,
"Mr. Tsuda? Do you want to get irritated by Mr. Tsuda?"
And there is a gentle voice of a woman.
"I'm Kumiko ... I'm sorry. I went to Tokyo today and screamed ..."
At the beginning, the face of Kumiko, who used to be, came to the eyelids of Tsuda, who was listening to someone.
"Hey, I'm coming to the Marunouchi Building, and I ate rice at the bamboo leaves below. Hey, can you come out?"
“…………”
"Do you want to get angry? I'm sorry, but I'd like to hear from you ..."
Tsuda looked at his watch. It's just two o'clock. Tsuda had somehow unpleasant feelings when he thought about Kumiko's daytime eating meals, but he still wants to meet Kumiko who hasn't seen him for a long time.
"It's rare, isn't it?
When I returned the receiver and put on my jacket, Tsuda asked Sakurai, who was next to me, for a moment and went down to Takeba on the basement where Kumiko was waiting.
(How many years will it be ... It's been two years since then)
When Tsuda went to Takeba, Kumiko smiled at the box of the window. In the fine blue kimono of the flower pattern, the white Hakata sword was dazzling in a neat and clean manner.
"I thought I wouldn't come down ..."
When Tsuda sat down, Kumiko reluctantly said.
"When and when did you come out?"
"Satsuki, I still haven't left my luggage in the 驛, but I'm thinking of going to Tokyo ..."
"How was the flood?"
"Yes, thank you. It was very terrible, but I was fine, how was your 處?"
"I'm Yamanote, so it's okay."
Kumiko took out a thin handkerchief from the handkerchief and shook it for a short time and folded it. It seems that there are some deep circumstances when he comes to Tokyo next time, and Kumiko's fingers sometimes tremble while playing with a handkerchief.
"What are you going to stay tonight?"
"I don't know what to do, but I'm wondering if I'll go to my friend's house when I was in girls' school ..."
Shuji had something in his heart that he wanted to look at, but even so, there was no one or two muscles in his heart. ――Soon, Shuji waited for Kumiko in Tokyo and went back to the office. Well, I went to the accounting place, borrowed a little money, took off my hat and went out, but Shuji is still crazy about Kumiko, and it is strange while walking. I feel a sense of humor.
Asphalt is white and dry, and the roadside trees in front of the sea urchin are somewhat hot, and it is a quiet forest. Shuji wondered how many Kumiko he had taken while using the money he had borrowed from his accounting. A long time ago, when he saw the newspaper's play guide, he thought that he and Kumiko went to the Tama River to play. The house went to a Japanese-style inn, and there was a dirty pond in front of the garden, and white wild thorns bloomed on the fence.
(Even if you meet or break up, it's not good, so when ...)
Shuji hadn't seen him for a year, he was a little thick and fat, and he thought about Kumiko somehow hatefully.
Kumiko stood tired at the entrance of the waiting room.
"Yeah, I'm sorry for the inconvenience ... I'm sorry."
"I'm so lonely, I wondered if I'd be sick ..."
"No way, you're not there ..."
"Well, that kind of thing ... but it's already five o'clock."
"What are you going to go to?"
"It doesn't matter what you do ... If you go to your place, your mother will get angry."
"Sledding gets angry. I get very angry."
"Let's go.-Does your mother get so angry?"

○ ○

It was around 7 o'clock when the two arrived at the inn in the Tama River. It was completely twilight, and a dull moon came out.
When I passed through the tatami room, I thought it was rebuilt recently, and the porch and pillars were new and the incense of wood was shining. There is a large vermilion-painted dining table near the bamboo blinds, and two light blue hemp zafu are lined up on the side of the dining table. On the floor, there was a shaft depicting a bellflower flower, and red gladiolus was alive on the old bronze.
"I've become a cheap house ..."
When Shuji puts his boater on the floor and sits down on the wicker chair on the edge, Kumiko also stands and looks at the four 圍. There is a gutter in the garden, and there is a sound of water dripping. The maid brought cold barley tea.
"I haven't eaten supper yet, but please come and have something to find. I also want beer ..."
The maid was wearing a yukata and asked the two of them if they would like to take a bath. Shuji changed into a yukata and went to the bath. The bath smelled like a stamen, probably because it was a spa.
Shuji had a strange idea about what kind of two people came to such a place, but no matter how far he was, he thought that he would return to the rabbit. ――I can't help but leave the woman on her own and get back from herself. While asking himself questions, Shuji gazed at the spacious bathtub.
I also knew that Kumiko's good man, Gitaro, died of acute pneumonia in February, but Shuji didn't get a sickness.

Shuji first met Kumiko at his uncle's house in Osaka. She was a daughter of a merchant and had just graduated from a girls' school, but when she asked her about her daughter-in-law, Shuji went to Osaka with her mother and then went to her uncle's house to play with Kumiko.
Shuji was in the fall of 24 and Kumiko was in the fall of 18. At the tea ceremony behind my uncle's house, Shuji had a cup of tea from Kumiko. I didn't know anything about the style of tea, but Shuji felt the jewels of his palm in the beautiful appearance of Kumiko, and the bitterness of tea and the deliciousness of sweets were unmistakable. Shuji then went to his uncle's house in Osaka for over a month.
In other words, the two of them, who had a sick relationship with their fiancée, went to Nara and Kyoto as the sun went down. When Shuji came back to Tokyo, Kumiko came to Tokyo immediately and stayed at Shuji's house for a week. Not only Shuji but also her mother, Kumiko's innocence. It was a fun time.
When Shuji sent a letter of consultation to his uncle in Osaka, asking if he would have a wedding in early February after the new year, the uncle's letter that came back was from a bush to a stick, Kumiko. There was a letter saying that he would give up on that.
Because I didn't know what Shuji was, Shuji's mother went out to Osaka by herself to ask her. --My mother, who went to Osaka, came back with anger soon afterwards.
"That, Ahauna daughter, you should give up already, what's wrong, something is wrong with your heart ... Suddenly, a little rich house has a relationship with A, Kumiko's parents By all means, Kumiko-san and Hararitai-san, -Is there any other ridiculous story like this ... "
And, he said that he had no intention of even his uncle and his wife in Osaka. Of course, Shuji couldn't help but be surprised.
At some point, Kumiko had a cold and had been in Tokyo for about two days. Already, on the night when the goddamn told me that I could wake up tomorrow, Shuji once came to the edge of the company to buy a record of the month of Colorado and asked Kumiko to do it. My mother went to the turf in the evening for errands, and the maid also sled and had a quiet night. The two naturally held hands without saying anything. It was a natural gesture between children, but for the two who had a wedding ceremony, something lumpy, such a wonderful thing, came to each other's hearts.
It was unbelievable for Shuji to say that Kumiko, who had a strong idea of roasting, suddenly married to the house of a entrepreneur named Gitaro Hatta. .. What's more, strangely enough, I can't help but feel a strange connection when I hear that he is the older brother of Yoshiyuki Hatta, who has the same law department as Shuji at Kyoto University and has always graduated.
After getting out of the bath and returning to the tatami room, Kumiko was also guided to another bath, wearing a yukata and sitting in front of the mirror.
"It's hot ..."
"I'm sorry to be sick ..."
Meals were ready at the table, and when the maid had a cold beer. Shuji sat comfortably between the floors, in his heart, squinting at himself as he came with a woman. Arahi of carp, Takigawa tofu, soup of vegetables, and so on are lined up on the table.
"The moon is coming out ..."
While the maid was pouring beer, she peeped out through the bamboo blinds. The bugs are crying. When the beer was over, the maid asked Kumiko to serve her and went out into the corridor.

○ ○

"I'm the one who went to Hatta in law for my mother-in-law. There was no happy day for one day, and the one who died ah was the liquor that I drank as soon as I took a bath. ...... "
"Did you drink so much?"
"Yeah, I don't have that kind of sake liquor, isn't it?
"Yoshiyuki-kun, are you Motoki?"
"Yes, very much. I'm going to Manchuria right now. I've been here for a while ..."
"Hey ... to Manchuria ..."
"Your left wing was nice ..."
Shuji looked around the chest of Takumiko with clear skin and felt the crush of her chest.
"Would you like to stay here today?
After finishing the meal, when it was hot and hot in the week, when I went to the wicker chair, Kumiko was grabbing a fan while grabbing a fan.
"Oh, are you going back? -I'm tired and don't want to move anywhere anymore ... Would you like to stay overnight?"
"Hahahaha ... I'm in trouble when I stayed. It's early tomorrow. How is it? I walked along the river, and then I went back to Ichio city. Where is your house? "
"I came out to work in Tokyo for something ... It's okay to take a break from this 處 for a couple of days and then go to a friend. "
"Oh, oh, let's go.-But I'm going back ..."
When Suspentaa was pulled over his shoulder and stood up, Kumiko looked at Shuji with a grudge expression while looking at Shuji.
"There are various stories, but ..."
It was said with a crying voice.
"I've come this far, and I'm just flirting with myself.-I'm sorry, but I'm going back ..."
"Yes, I understand well. But ... I'll be back if I get sick ..."
Kumiko Oji also went to the next room and made the sound of a sword. --Around 11 o'clock, the two returned to Shinjuku. Kumiko says that she has a friend's house in Oji-cho, Ushigome, so Shuji sent Hitomazumiko to Oji-cho. After parting at the entrance of the alley, Shuji walked through the vacant town toward the train street in Sakana-cho.
I don't know if it's a man's appearance, but while thinking (what's that woman?) It's hard to tell what kind of mess Kumiko had met herself, but she doesn't have the chance to be struck by Omeme and Kumiko.
It was only a while before I arrived at Higashinakano.
A young maid who had just arrived 45 days ago woke up and opened the ear gate.
"Mom, have you been sick?"
"Yes, Satsuki Good night ... Would you like to wake me up?"
"Well, do you hang mosquito nets on the second floor?"
"Yes, I hung Satsuki."
As Shuji went upstairs, a cool breeze blew around the hem of the mosquito net. Ah, it's the wind of my family ... It was a mess in the Tama River, but the wind of my family blows so cool. Shuji went naked while hanging a shirt and a shirt on the railing on the porch.
The moon is on. The little moon was as clear as it was placed behind the treetops in the garden.
"Please have a yukata ... what do you do with the bath?"
It was a low voice with a Tokyo accent, but it was a voice that somehow invited me. She is a petite girl with a mole on the side of her nose and big eyes.
"It's hot ..."
When Shuji was hot, the maid's luster looked up at Shuji,
"It was so hot that I took a bath in the Satsuki tap water ..."
"Hey, sled, but it's poisonous ..."
"But it's really hot today, isn't it?"
"Gloss has a dialect, but what is the country? Niigata?"
"No, it's Shinshu ..."
"Hey, Shinshu, I don't know ..."
"Shinshu is also Komoro."
"Komoro, sleigh and a good 處.-What a hell, the clouds on the banks of the old castle of Komoro, and the song was sung ... The people of Yamakuni can be honest ..."
When Shuji entered the mosquito net, the luster came to the bedside with water. Shuji did not smoke, but he liked water and drank well.
"good night……"
The luster went downstairs with a sneak foot. Shuji ponders the encounter with Kumiko.
(He is no longer a distant person)
Saachilite shines in the distance. I wonder if his wife's blue glow is grazing to the roof of his house, and a galaxy runs in the sky across the porch.

〇

A few days later, Kumiko sent a letter to Shuji.

Thank you very much for the other day.
I am glad that I was able to meet you. When a good person dies and I try to be myself, I wonder how scary my life will be.
Of course, I couldn't get along with my mother-in-law, and I was told by a scholar, so I went back to the village and screamed, but here again, my mother-in-law. Did not praise well. I have no place to cry or cry. I went to Tokyo and went to my friend's house, but I was also tired here, and yesterday, an acquaintance introduced me to become a clerk of a small trading company in Uchisaiwaicho. The monthly salary is four yen.
I'm going to do something about it. Today, I found a small apartment in Shiomachi, Yotsuya. I will move tomorrow. This is the notation. Please go out once. Best regards to your mother, even though it is the last note.

Shuji had a proboscis as if Kumiko had settled down on the calm 處. The two of them, once cuddling up to the point of marriage, became lonely when they were far away from each other, wondering what kind of Hayase they were. ――Shuji broke up with Kumiko, and two women knew about it, but it was like a passing wind, and until now, it has been a normal life. My mother, maid, and my life are not inconvenient, and the new maid gives me a feeling of graceful flowers in the foreground for my next life. It was.
"Mom, would you like to go somewhere next Sunday?"
In the evening, Shuji, who returned early to the table with his mother, said while looking at the newspaper.
"Well, any number of buckwheat noodles is fine ... I'd like buckwheat noodles to eat something delicious. By the water or something ..."
"Jiyaa, I wonder if we can close the house and go together ..."
"What are you going to go to?"
"Is the Tama River good? I haven't been there yet ..."
Shiny asked such a thing while pouring Saumen on a glass plate. The navy blue yukata of Umemi-Ki and the red sword look great on the luster.
"Why don't you know the Tama River?
"It's a huge amount of money, but I don't know about it ..."
"Ah, sir ... ぢ ぢ ぢ, let's all go there? It's not a big deal, but when it comes to Tokyo, there's no place to go."

Sunday.
It was a sunny day with the cicadas crying from the morning. Shuji and his friends went to the Tama River early in the morning by train. The luster seems to be disappointed with the view of the exposed and withered river of the riverbed.
"Well, is this the Tama River?"
I heard the same thing over and over again. The three of them went down the bank, cut through the riverbank of the wide grass, and went to the teahouse of the ship. A cool breeze blows on the stone. Perhaps there was a little water in the rain 45 days ago, and there were a lot of people coming to swim.
"I want to swim, can I swim?"
"Yes, I'm Yamakuni, so I'm confident about a river like this ..."
"I'm confident, oh my god, I'll rent a sea swimsuit, so I'd like to swim ..."
Because it was said that he would swim later, Shuji rubbed his mother and luster on the ship and went swimming toward the river. The opposite bank was lined with cherry blossom trees, and the cicadas were burning and screaming in the leaves.
The water was cold on the skin, and the blue of the sky was dark on the surface of the river, and it was as if oil had flowed. As if on a boy's day, Shuji shook into the water, occasionally spitting in his ears. At the bottom of a river, there were two streams of water, and slimy algae cast a white shadow on the surface of the green water, evoking the sun. It smells like stuffy grass. ――Suddenly, a woman laughed at me.
When Shuji lifted his head to the surface of the water, the luster in a red sea swimsuit swam like a female student. I had beautiful white skin. The bulges of the arms and legs are swelling in the limbs of the child.
"When did you come?"
"Now ..."
The ridiculous word (now) was cute next week.
"It's good ..."
"I used to swim a lot when I was a kid ..."
"Jiyaa, let's go upstream ..."
"Would you like to compete?"
"I'm cheeky ... what's your mom doing?"
"I'm going to lie down, so I borrowed an air pillow and gave it to me."
The two of them swam up the river to the river because of the water current. A roaring and muscular bird of the shrike crows in the grass bush on the bank. Both frogs and grubs are crying. ――Glossy headed toward the sky. Perhaps he was tired, but when he rested his hand, the luster was swept down the river by a few rice. The distance from Shuji became 45 rice from a few rice, and it was swept away without any power. Shuji hurriedly backed up and chased after the luster, pushing the luster's body to the shore.
"what up?"
"I'm tired"
"It's huge, it's because I'm overdoing it ..."
Shuji hugged the lustrous luster and lifted the luster onto the grass where the sun was shining.
"Are you tired?"
"Is it cold? Water ..."
"Yup"
"He and somehow have a good feeling ..."
"My lips are purple. He's a huge guy, he's so weak ..."
When Shuji rubbed his cold and shiny arm, the luster burst into tears while looking at Shuji's hand.
"what up?"
"I don't know ..."
"What's wrong? Isn't it crying ..."
"There are times when I feel like I'm dying and tears ..."

○ ○

I ate dinner at a Japanese-style inn where I went with Kakumiko. The dirty pond was also squeezed, a clean stream was drawn under the porch, and a fountain was rising in the sown garden. It was a cool room downstairs. All three were dressed in yukata and dressed in a slender figure about the dining table.
"Can the luster swim?"
My mother asked.
"No……"
The luster is shining. For men, it was like a leopard, and for women, it was like a cat.
Although it is said that the woman's heart is a feathered calyx, Kumiko got married to Hatta, and I thought that there was something in common with this glossy calyx.
Speaking of "Is it painful?", The luster of "Yeah" and "Kota" is casually said, but in front of my mother, I can't help but look at my face. It was also a kind of charm in the week.
"I hope the night is good for the Tama River.
A large sword flew to the porch and struck a bamboo blind. The maid who went to the waiter told me that she had taken the 螢 from the mountain and released it to the garden.
It was a beautiful sunny night.
The three of us walked around Kawabe, but sometimes the luster came to us with Shuji's arm.
(Any man may be a woman who did such a thing in peace ...)
Shuji was thinking about it, but he couldn't forget his feelings of having a soft body.

I returned home around 8 o'clock.
Holding the melon wrap, Kumiko stood by the fence of Sawara cypress and waited. My mother was uncomfortable at first, but she still told me to go up.
A yellow 帶 was chilling on the black Akashi.
When going up to the tatami room, Kumiko looked at the four sea urchins with nostalgia.
"You don't even talk about it. It's the same as it used to be."
"I don't like changing the position of the room so much ..."
"Mom is also good ..."
"Why are you coming to Tokyo? Is that true?"
"Yes, that's true ... but I'll be back in Osaka soon.-It was just a matter of trial that I had taken all of my husband's stuff ... "
"Hey, sled and it's a big deal ..."
"But I'm afraid-I think I've been punished now ..."
"why?"
"Why is it ..."
Gloss brought cold tea. What time did you apply the white powder? The gloss was beautifully made up.
"Did you get irritated somewhere today?"
"Yeah, it's been a long time since I've been on Sunday, this person, today I was so excited that I went to the Tama River at home."
"Oh, Tama River, Asuko, it's a good 處 ..."
Kumiko glanced at Shuji. I chased the moths with a small fan that I got from the inn. Kumiko slammed the moth roughly and saw the glossy hand.
"Well, I'm going to stop the suffering of girls because of the death of my husband. If you go to eat alone, it's better to have a bachelorette. . I've been burned for thirteen years, but I'm a bachelor ... "
Mother puts a strange emphasis on the word "to stop".
"Yes, but I'm afraid, I'm still twenty ... I'm lonely ..."
"I don't know if it's true ... I'm sorry, but well, I'm a nun, too."
Kumiko used to hold a folding fan.
Shuji went upstairs to change clothes. Immediately the gloss came up.
"Hey, can you show me the fireflies of the Tama River?"
"Did you come?"
"Yup"
Gloss replied violently to the child and showed a lot of fireflies wrapped in paper from the 袂 《Tamoto》. A red-tailed 螢 immediately struck a pin and a feather and flew to the dark side forty-five.



Bottom book: "Actress" Shinchosha
Issued on August 13, 1940 (Showa 15)
September 8, 1940 (Showa 15) 40th edition
* The bottom book is a large scale of "ga" (ward number 5-86) used for counting things and place names.
Input: Yukio Hayashi
Proofreading: Taijiro Hanada
Created on August 20, 2005
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
