Twilight bank
Shinichi Makino

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Instantiation

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) [# 5 indentation] 1 [# "1" is a middle heading]

/ \: Double dance character (repeated symbol in the shape of a vertically lengthened "ku")
(Example) Kero / \!
-------------------------------------------------- -----

[# 5 indentation] 1 [# "1" is the middle heading]

Otaru suddenly got ready and went out because he had to borrow knowledge about some languages in the middle of the Greek tragedy that he was reading. When I got to the stop, the bus that left in time had just started, and it seemed like a runner, so I thought about it even more! Thinking about it, I started walking with a big sword.
He visited his friend Aono in a village that crossed a hill that looked straight ahead. If you walk a little faster, compared to a bus that goes around the national highway, this one crosses the evening primrose straight and goes along the hill, so the time difference is almost the same. Thinking that, he shook his cane and hurried along the edge of the stream along the rice field near the evening primrose, where evening primrose was blooming. It was around the time when the autumn breeze began to blow, and if you took a walk in Tae, it would be a very pleasant and beautiful view of the countryside, but Otaru did not touch his side, and even if he took off his jacket, he sweated and was faithful to the postman I went ahead. The diameter is small enough for green grass to bury the shoes deeply.
"If the sun goes down on the way, you'll be stuck!"
Unfamiliar with the night roads in the countryside, he muttered such things and whistled because he was not worried about the sky of the evening sun, which often disappeared with his wristwatch.
He hurried on the road like that, but unlike the first thought, it seemed that the sun would set before he could reach the hill.
"If that's the case, what I liked tomorrow--"
He regretted it, but he couldn't turn back now, and he reached the middle of the road. A house at the foot of a mountain far away has already begun to light up.
"I can't be foolish!"
Although he hadn't been foolish every moment since he started walking, he muttered such a thing with Daruma's eyes.
"Kero / \!"
Unexpectedly, there is such a stupid story when I think about it. It's just this time. Aono, who came to play, was serious about him, and when the mayor of Aono's village was at dusk, Sauda was around here! It was said that the stream flow detoured to the left and was on the banks of the floodgate! ――I told you a terrible story that he was ridiculed as a fox and was treated badly. At that time, Otaru
I laughed, "I'm stupid / \!", And I couldn't even listen to it, but when I suddenly thought about it around the scene, I suddenly felt chills. I will omit the story of the story that Otaru heard from Aono, but the word "become a fox" is strange, but it should be possible in such a mental state. When Aono, a bachelor of science, thinks about explaining it scientifically, Otaru, who is now completely unscientific, believes only "what should be possible" and legs. Has already been struck by the thought of stepping on the air.
"The village mayor is a modern person, isn't he?"
Tomo Aono confirmed "what should be possible"!
"I ran away / \ / \, the village mayor thought that you shouldn't do this!", So I started running. I'm awake, even if I get tired of it. Tsutsumi "Dote" is long, long! And, unusually, I was foolish to deal with various people. "
Otaru was terribly worried about such words that Aono said.
"Sauda, you can't go crazy. You have to walk calmly and firmly--"
Otaru deliberately screamed and groaned heavily. Around this time, I was absorbed in the Greek tragedy, so something should be in Otaru's head! And something that is impossible! There was a weak ecstasy like a dream that transcended the border with and always smoked brilliantly. That suddenly made him creepy.

[# 5 indentation] Two [# "two" is the middle heading]

Otaru took a breather in front of the shrine of Hayagriva, who was trying to reach the path of the hill, Hosomichi, after digging into the long rice field road.
"Come to my house, Mr. Otaru!"
I was called.
Otaru is Toko! Despite noticing it immediately, I was so surprised that it jumped up at that moment.
"Winter?"
"I'm thinking of going back to Tokyo tomorrow, so I'm just wondering if I'm going to go shopping in the town."
Otaru heard about Toko as Jiro / \.
"I wonder if it's cold on the way home!"
Toko, a white coat, showed her arms, which were burnt by the tide, in front of Otaru's eyes.
“…………”
Do you have a cousin, Nii? Forgetting to ask Aono, Otaru looked at Kiyoton and Toko.
"If you are late for another time, you will be in a wrong place."
Toko thought that Otaru had visited herself. ――But not only was Otaru unwilling to go against it,
"Really--"
There was an epileptic spatula. "... And will winter Chiyan go alone?"
"I'm waiting for the bus, but I'm not coming along. I'm sorry for the countryside vehicles.-But if you go with me, I'll dismiss it. I want to walk. Anyway, I like it because it's still early. And on the way back, I'll take the last bus ... "
"Can you go home alone from this slope?"
"Yeah, you can send me and go."
Toko and Toko laughed at her joking self-determination, holding both hands of Otaru, who was vaguely disgusted, and shook her mind.
"In that case, it's okay to walk home, if you missed it."
And Otaru uttered with a dreamy feeling.

[# 5 indentation] Three [# "three" is the middle heading]

"I hope it doesn't come at night by the time I get to Aono's house," Satsuki said, and I came in a hurry on this road. "
"Why can't I get to the night?
"No way--"
And Otaru screamed.
"Are you hungry?"
"never--"
Otaru said while watching Toko's white shoes kicking green grass flicker / \. Satsuki was certainly hungry. When you reach Aono, interrupt the table immediately! I thought it was, but now I'm full of heart, and I forgot everything else and was ecstatic.
"Human!"
"What's wrong with you, eh?"
Otaru looked into Toko's face on Mt.
"Datsute ..."
"Datsute! What did that happen?"
"Datsu, Satsuki-No / \, I already like it, I've solved it."
"Look! It's a wonderful evening primrose, I wonder if it's a branch, even on my chest."
"Tonight is a moonlit night ..."
"I'm fine, that way--"
Otaru, with his arms crossed, took off his arms and stood ahead with his armed legs on purpose.
"Why don't you go home?"
"If it's dark, let's buy a lantern."
It was a detour around the stream. The dusk gradually overflowed, and at the end, the splashes of the watermill around the shore on the opposite side looked like white butterflies.
When the conversation was cut off, the two went on a vivid pace with their shoulders crossed and whistled.
"Hey--"
Said Toko. "I don't really have a stake without going to the town. I just said Satsuki, Ta, Ah."
"No matter what, there is no such thing."
Otaru said with a completely unintentional feeling. "I'm ..."
"Wait once?"
Of course, he didn't understand what it was, but he
He said, "I was the one who came for a walk." I had such an errand, but I couldn't believe that I lied a little to such an answer. Then he asked back with all his strength.
"What do you mean when you return to Tokyo tomorrow?"
"That's true--"
“…………”
"Can you send it to Tokyo?"
"... Isis and Osiris--"
He said a package of books that he could hold in one hand. "I'm just reading this now--"
"That's right, why don't you just bring it with you? What is Isis?"
"Isis is my daughter's name, Osiris is--"
"Lover?"
"Well, that's right-Osiris, a young man, believes in the god of sake" Batucas "too much and fails in Olympia's art competition ..."
"What is it? Is it a comedy?"
"Great tragedy--"
"It's a tragedy! I'm stupid. I'm not sad at all. I like it, I'm a believer in Batucas--"
"Well, listen a little further. Winter Chiyan."
He said sadly.
"Please stop. I hate you. I'm crazy!"
Toko was in a bad mood and smashed his arm.
"I'm afraid to send it, and I'm trying to cheat by saying that. I'm sorry.-I'll stop walking here."
"Excuse me--"
And Otaru was Ayamatsu. "If you want to stop, I'll send you to Aono's house."
"Isn't it possible to understand without borrowing the dictionary of my cousin Nii?"
"There is that too-but I don't have a book that I must read, so I like whatever I do, that's ..."
"I'm stupid."
"Winter Chiyan--"
He approached. "I didn't know what I liked."
‥ ……, Toko suddenly stopped and covered her face with both hands. And
"I-also."
Muttered low. "Be patient with saying something indignant ..."
‥ …… Otaru threw away books, walking sticks, and jackets, and took Toko's arm and whispered extremely.
"Rabbits will go to the town, right? Winter Chiyan. And I'll buy lanterns and come back this way."



Bottom book: "Shinichi Makino Complete Works Vol. 3" Chikuma Shobo
May 20, 2002 (Heisei 14) First edition first print issued
Parent of the original: "Japanese Novels Vol. 6" Shinchosha
June 3, 1930 (Showa 5)
First appearance: "Wakakusa Vol. 5, No. 10" Hobunkan
Issued on October 1, 1929 (Showa 4)
Input: Junichi Miyamoto
Proofreading: Hiroshi Kadota
Created July 18, 2010
Revised May 5, 2011
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
