Tatara miscellaneous goods
Soetsu Yanagi

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Kuromuta "Kuromuta"

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) New work [# "New work" with white circle emphasis marks]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

I first heard about Tatarou when I visited the kiln of Kuromuta in 1945 and saw a flowerpot at Enrakuji Temple in the village. did. It was a product of the crucifixion crest, which was very fascinating, so when I asked if it belonged to Kuromuta, I received a reply that it belonged to Tatara Kiln. Then, it was said that Tatara is a kiln located about a ri from here. Unfortunately, it was already evening and I couldn't reach Tatara.
Since then, I wanted to know more about Tatara, so I paid attention to the literature, but it hardly appeared. Perhaps this kiln is one of the most forgotten kilns in Kitakyushu. It seems that it is known as the place where the old kiln was located, but no one has mentioned that it is still being baked. However, this kiln became unusually appealing to me when I traveled to Nagasaki with Keio Muraoka eight or nine years ago, in a dark corner of an antique shop "Kottoten". It was from the time I found Omika in Nagasaki. It's an extremely large work, with a cross-shaped pattern that I've never seen, and a thin glaze on it, which I can see vaguely with raw baking. I did. I bought this blockbuster immediately and had it shipped far to Tokyo. Then, there was a place that was very similar to the flowerpot I saw at Enrakuji Temple, so I came to think that it was a must-have "Hitsujo". Later, it turned out that this Omika was a casket after all. I once visited an unnamed kiln on the road leading from Kuromuta to Saga, but I used to bake this type of Omika as a casket, so I knew that the one on the right was also a casket. I came.
Among them, people who visited the Tatara kiln grew up, and every time I heard the story of this kiln, my interest in Tatara gradually increased, but at last the relationship was not tied and until today. It reached. Moreover, since I have lived in a sickbed for the past three years, I was finally unable to fulfill my long-awaited visit to the kiln. However, Yoko Tanaka of the Natsuminbukan set out on a trip to visit the kilns of the land, Migiri, who returned to Kyushu, so I didn't forget to ask Tatara to stop by. However, until that time, I had no idea what kind of products were being baked in this kiln. However, when I saw the items that Mr. Tanaka delivered after returning from the trip, I was deeply moved by his mysterious personality. Very low-key items such as "hot water bottle", "anka", "salt-filled" (this is called "salt-boiled" in the land), and various other miscellaneous items. It's a vessel. In addition, this kiln also makes sake bottles and unsuke, and the big ones are jars, wells, shochugame, and konebachi. However, this kind of product is not limited to many good ones, but at first glance, it was very fascinating because all of them have a unique shape. Besides, it even feels like a Korean miscellaneous item.
By the way, when the annual new exhibition happened to be held at the Folk Crafts Museum this November, various items were exhibited by Mr. Tanaka's mediation "Assen". This meeting is a meeting where artists who are closely related to us, including various local folk instruments, also exhibit.
However, last year, there were very few items to see in the local folk art exhibited, and most of the good items belonged to individual writers. As a result, some people even complained that there were few folk crafts. However, it is not easy to contact local workers, and recruitment does not always go smoothly, but I guess it is called "new work [#" new work "with white circle emphasis mark] exhibition", so local people It seems that there are some points that are difficult to list.
By the way, like last year, there weren't many folk crafts exhibited from rural areas this year, but among them, the ones that were shining brightly were Tatara's miscellaneous goods. Then, I really felt that the beauty that should be reviewed, beyond the work of individual writers, appears deeply there. That made me want to write down a few things that I noticed about this. By the way, Tatara is Tatara, Takeuchi-cho, Takeo City, Saga Prefecture.
As mentioned above, the Tatara kiln is probably only known to the local people, and it seems that it has never been recorded with sufficient attention from any historian. However, this also means that, on the one hand, the kiln remains quietly as it was, with little external influence. The goods are so naive and pure that they seem to have little negotiation with other lands or other kilns. Then its purity means that the goodness of the item is maintained in due course. So I couldn't help but wonder why these miscellaneous items are so beautiful. Then you will probably feel two fundamental qualities hidden here.
The first is that the old-fashioned tradition is well preserved and we are still keeping this kind of work. Its peculiar form never depends on individual creativity. Perhaps it's all very mediocre, inheriting the wind that came from it. Then, depending on the customs of the land and the demand, the same thing is repeated in the old-fashioned way. The tradition is probably as old and distant as it goes back to the Korean kiln. If you look at it without knowing what it is made, it seems that it belongs to Korea at all, and if you look for a similar product, you may even meet the interesting fact that it is not found in Japan, but rather found in Korea.
The inheritance of such a tradition is quite mediocre, there is no progress depending on how you think about it, it does not respond to a new life, and it seems that many people will even look down on you. If you look at what was actually made, everything is from the old life, and there are muddy and muddy places, which is very far from the wind of the new culture. However, apart from this, there is something very beautiful as an item that inspires me to live with. If you can live with something like this, you will surely feel calm.
As I just mentioned, the primary property is that it is traditional, but traditional things are not limited to many good things, so for some other reason, their beauty is I feel that I am growing up. And it seems to be deeply derived from the simpleness and simplicity of the lives of the creators.
Well, I would like to talk about this life and work as the second reason. First of all, I have to feel that the poor life of the people in the kiln is a great foundation for the beauty of such a simple alcohol. This kiln does not use any wonderful materials, the earth color is dull and cold. Besides, there is no history of using even makeup soil that covers this darkness, and there is no history of using glazes that are fresh and fresh in color. It's just a thin melt of red clay, mixed with ash, and randomly hung with the palm of your hand. In addition, there are many things that end up being simmered, whether they are burned roughly or carelessly. The method of making is the reason for the string work "stringing" and the kicking wheel "Kerokuro", but this situation makes this pottery itself very poor, but behind it it is also very poor and arrogant. It seems that he has a simple life without a potter's wheel and continues to give such a poor appearance to pottery.
Therefore, the beauty of Tatara's miscellaneous goods is well adapted to the lives of the workers or the villagers as a whole. This simplicity is inevitable, and it seems that it is getting worse under the circumstances where it is inevitable. This inevitability does not overwhelm the work, but gives it calmness. So even though I am poor, I am not ashamed of poverty, nor am I deliberately advocating poverty, but I feel that there is an immovable strength of these miscellaneous items here. I will. When it comes to poverty, it can be thought of as a dark and negative nature, but on the contrary, true wealth may be hidden in this. Religion praised the "virtue of poverty" regardless of east or west, but there is a natural reason for it. Paradoxically, it can be called "poor wealth." This "poor wealth" is found in many good kiln products.
According to what I hear, many of these items are still bartered on land. I haven't elaborated on it yet, but Kyushu is a place where Shinshu has a lot of devotion, or because the Buddhism of the common people is alive in this village, it's simple. It's hard to imagine that a religious life is taking place among the villagers.
It may seem to the urban people that the color is dark or the use is distant, and the edge is thin, but it is something that makes us feel something that is approaching in our hearts. I think it's because there is some real beauty in it. I said "true beauty" because it has naturalness, purity, and health, and I feel like I'm touching something true compared to recent crafts that tend to lack such properties. Is it just us?
Looking at these items, I feel that there are many things that should be taken up close to us as a matter of mind, even if they are far from our current life, but what we can learn from these simple items is
The first is that the power of tradition exceeds the power of individuals.
The second is to influence the character of the products that people make.
Living here is, after all, the power to determine the whereabouts of the human mind, and any work becomes a manifestation of the mind, so living should be considered more deeply by all the authors. I think it's a thing.
By the way, Tatara's pottery is really old, but it can be said that the reason why it feels beautiful as it is is that there is something that transcends the distinction between old and new. For the local people, there is no doubt that such an item is new or old. There is still demand on the land, so it's just traditionally made. Therefore, it is natural that there is no newness, but since there is no doubt that it is a little hesitant about the oldness, I make it as a necessary miscellaneous item. However, it seems that such a feeling gives more freedom than the hearts of writers who unnecessarily seek newness.
From our point of view, it is something very distinctive, but even its peculiar form is almost indifferent. It is far from the mindset of modern intellectual writers who make their own principles. However, when you think about it, making it without being particular about the difference between old and new gives you freedom in this work, and you don't even have to be aware that even something with such a characteristic has a characteristic. It seems that this also gives the craftsmen a sense of tranquility and freedom. People in the kiln will surely have a suspicious feeling if they read such a sentence. When Mr. Tanaka visited the kiln, he seemed to have a strange look, "What did you come for?" From our point of view, something like this should not be seen as proof that it has been preserved as it was.
Also, when you look at these items, you should be ridiculed by modern people who like dark, uncolored and bright items, and we also praise these items. I think you will be attacked, but this kind of tranquility is the place where high beauty appreciation calms down. Moreover, it seems that it is a state of beauty that only Orientals can get close to. Anyone who has a tea spirit (that is, a person who seeks profound beauty) will be attracted to the heart and will cause a rare desire to use it immediately. Because it has a very astringent beauty. Astringency may be disliked by young people, but it is said that it originates from a place where the experience of beauty is still scarce, and if you accumulate it, this beauty of astringency will probably be the beauty of the world someday. I think that it will be the new aesthetic idea that attracts the most attention from. There is something that cannot discriminate between old and new, so depending on how you look at it, you may think of it as the newest and deepest beauty. This is because "astringency" has something to do with the "eternal present."
Interestingly, there were various beautiful works by the artist in this year's new exhibition, but this Tatara product was definitely the winner. However, many people will say that such a low-grade product cannot be used as a future production goal. And, as mentioned above, it must be said that it is far from modern life. I don't think this criticism is wrong, but I think we should take newer mental problems from these items, even if they are old in appearance. If you omit this, I feel that these old-fashioned items present a very fresh problem to our hearts. Therefore, you will find that it is rich in fresh food that is brand new, or even connected to the future, rather than old.
It cannot be denied that there are old and old things here, things that do not end below and below, and things that are poor and rich. In short, we want to receive the most mental problems from these miscellaneous items, and I strongly feel that they are placed in front of us as a great example.



Bottom book: "Yanagi Soetsu Folk Art Travelogue" Iwanami Bunko, Iwanami Shoten
Issued the first print on October 16, 1986 (Showa 61)
Issued the 9th edition on June 15, 2012
Parent of the bottom book: "Complete Works of Muneyoshi Yanagi, 12th Volume" Chikuma Shobo
First edition issued on January 5, 1982 (Showa 57)
First appearance: "Mingei No. 84"
Issued in December 1959 (Showa 34)
Input: Hiroshi Kadota
Calibration: Kiyotaka Sandpit
Created September 27, 2019
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (https://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
