The story of creation
Ukichiro Nakaya

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Sobetsu

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) [# Raise one character from the ground]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

The story of Creation is very exaggerated, but since the year before last, that is, the summer of 1945, such an incident has actually occurred in a corner of Hokkaido.
Where the railroad used to be just flat land where the fields were cultivated, it rises at a speed of about 20 cm every day, and houses and roads are lifted to the top of the hill before you know it. I have. An eruption occurred in the meantime, and suddenly a volcano as high as 45 meters appeared. The volcano is still ringing and erupting.
Such a catastrophe, perhaps a very rare change in the world, was actually happening at one point in Japan. However, it seems that people were fascinated by the immediate war situation and were distracted by the amount of rice they had each day, and did not have time to pay attention to such things.
However, because there was a crackdown on the part of the government, this incident was prohibited from being reported from the beginning of its outbreak until the end of the war. I don't know the reason for the ban, but it probably takes into account human anxiety. However, the uplift of the ground cut off the irrigation canals and ruined the paddy fields of hundreds of towns, but it seemed to be an ominous omen. There will be.
The place where this incident occurred is Sobetsu Village, which is east of Mt. Usu, about half a ri from Sobetsu Station on the branch line that runs from Kutchan to Lake Toya. Since the end of 1945, frequent earthquakes have occurred only in this region, reaching about 100 times a day. In addition, it is said that Mt. Usu may erupt, so it was rumored that the people of Toyako Onsen were evacuated in a hurry by mobilizing dozens of trucks at the end of the year.
Speaking of the end of 18 years, following the smashing of Attu, the smashing of the South Pacific Islands was reported one after another, and the gloomy dark clouds showing the large number of battlefields were unknowingly felt above people's heads. It was around the time when it was being done. At that time, following the earthquake swarm, cracks began to occur in the vicinity of the railroad tracks from early January 19th, and the land was about to rise. It's not a very budding story.

The uplift of the land continued in February, and since the beginning of March, it has become more and more remarkable. The irrigation canals were cut off, and the railroads were often rerouted to escape the uplift, pushing them to the banks of the nearby long-flowing Curious River. At that time, there was a ridge of nearly 20 meters, and in an interesting example reported by Dr. Fukutomi, a hill rose in front of me even though I could see the eruption bay far to the south from a nearby house. It is said that the view has disappeared. On the contrary, a house that was previously invisible in Sakashita came up and appeared in front of me. It's just a strange thing. The red-melted rock shavings that slept on the bottom of the earth were about to wake up and wake up. More interestingly, the landslide did not stop at one point, and the location of the maximum uplift gradually progressed northward compared to the early days of the activity. The lava snake that pushed up to near the surface of the earth probably shook itself a little. It's a scary story when you think about it. However, even on such land, the inhabitants still lived without any uneasy faces.
During this time, Japanese geophysicists, while being mobilized for research directly related to the war, stole time and conducted frequent on-site surveys, and for the time being, captured the whole picture of this incident. From March to April, Dr. Mizukami's party measured the ascending velocity of the ground by precise leveling, and conducted seismic and geomagnetic observations. Since the beginning of April, Mr. Mitsukawa and Mr. Nagata have been investigating the changes in the terrain in detail. According to the report, the railroad side surveyed on May 1st showed that there was a place that was 24 meters higher than before the incident. This uplift is thought to have started in early January, and as a result of various observations, it seems that it has risen at an almost uniform rate, so the uplift continued at a rate of 20 cm a day during this period. It will be. The value is almost the same as the survey by Dr. Mizukami and others, but it is very difficult that the height of yesterday's survey and today's survey are off by 20 cm.
At Hokkaido University, Professor Fukutomi of geophysics and Professor Ishikawa of geology have conducted frequent surveys since the end of April, and the observations have continued to this day. This terrestrial change reached the explosion on June 23, 1945, closed its overture, and finally developed into a full-scale catastrophe by the subsequent eruption.
The spooky excitement of this land that lasts forever. Besides, the cracks that run vertically and horizontally. According to a survey by Professor Fukutomi, there was even a terrifying crack with a total length of 600 meters, a width of 25 meters, and a head of 5 meters. In order for such an incident to occur on the surface of the earth, there must be a terrifying force in the basement. However, it is quite difficult to see whether it will erupt and explode or settle down at this level.
Given the remarkable changes in the terrain and the long-term progress, it must be a considerable force. However, depending on how you think about it, part of the power has diverged as such a big change, so it may be unexpectedly settled at this level. There is a precedent that can be helpful in making such expectations. It was the eruption of Usu in the 43rd year of the Meiji era, and although it was not as much as this time, an incident occurred, so catching the precursor, Mr. Iida, the chief of the Muroran police station at that time, took emergency measures. He has ordered 15,000 residents in the vicinity to be forced to evict and prevented the disaster. This time, a larger-scale incident than that time has continued for six months, and it is an observation that if an eruption occurs, it will have already occurred.
This unfounded hopeful expectation was easily broken, and on the morning of June 23, an explosion finally occurred and the eruption began. The point is near the south of Mt. Matsumoto, one of the protruding massifs that surround the hillside of Usu volcano. Matsumotoyama is 239 meters above sea level, and it is a mountain that stands out among several massifs around it, but this new volcano rises up in the blink of an eye and soon you can see Matsumotoyama below. It grew up by.
From the first explosion to the formation of a new volcano, there was a person who took a sketch and an article from beginning to end and left a valuable record of a thousand times. This was Mr. Mimatsu, the postmaster of Sobetsu Village. From that record, we can know the process of the great events of this century at home. The report of the explosion appeared in the corner of the newspaper as a few lines of articles, but it was maniac because it happened to coincide with the fall of Saipan, which marked the decisive stage of the next war. Few of the people who were swirling with excitement would have given a glimpse of it. However, Mr. Mimatsu continued to keep this record in a series of national sad news that continued.
I forgot how many times the explosion was, but Professor Fukutomi, who had been struggling to take a picture of the explosion, finally succeeded in taking the picture and brought the precious picture. "I was just lucky. When I went to the crater about 150 meters, this explosion happened. I took a picture in a hurry, but by that time, such a big stone had fallen apart. It's coming down. Now, the backpack has thrown away nothing and ran away. " In the photo I brought, I couldn't see the shadow of the mourning that I had lost my younger brother in the tragedy of Tinian on his face.
At the time of the second explosion on June 27, the flat ground where the crater was formed had already risen by about 60 meters. And the first mud flow was pushed out and filled the lower stream. This lahar is always associated with the eruption of Usu volcano. In this area between the eruption bay and Lake Toya, the existence of abundant water at the bottom of the ground is imagined, and it is thought that it will be pushed out at the same time as the eruption.
In July, the activity became more and more intense. The mountains rise more and more as if they were born from the bottom of the earth. The area around the crater is filled with humor, and no mountain scenery can be seen clearly. There were days when I was threatened by the sound of an explosion, a series of vibrations that seemed like an earthquake, and the noise of the ground. With each explosion, a castellanus peculiar to the eruption rises high on the mountain surrounded by the eruption, and a red pillar of fire stands in it at night. The range of ash fall gradually expanded, extending from the shores of Lake Toya to Tokushunbetsu, and the fields of thousands of towns were covered with ash by more than 3 cm, and the crops were wiped out. As far as the eye can see, it has changed to a landscape that is all gray and has no green vestiges.
Of course, all the standing trees in the surrounding mountains were wiped out. Matsumotoyama, which was all green, became a mountain of hot ash at once, and when I saw that "Matsumotoyama became a buzz cut and low" in the report on July 7, the new volcano was excited with great momentum. It seems that he went.
After that, the uplift did not stop, and it grew up with a momentum of about 1 meter a day and a few meters near the crater. Then, after winter, when the spring of 1945 was reached, a volcano with a circumference of 2 km and a height of 405 meters towered in the field until last year, and it stood out in the middle. From the dome, a mountain of miracles emerged, where you can see the eruption of smoke.
In the face of this catastrophe that will never be seen again in my lifetime, I can spend two days immersing myself in wartime research, as if I were being dragged day by day. I could not do it. Rather, he must have been so tired that he couldn't get enough energy. Fortunately, however, that summer, at an airfield near this new volcano, I took the opportunity to do some research and decided to spend the day and go see it with all the classroom members. The guide is Professor Fukutomi. Each person brought out their own camera and thermometer, and decided to board with great enthusiasm.
The group who stayed overnight at Lake Toya Onsen stood up early the next morning and went out to the shore of the west lake through the foot of the new mountain that was built in 1883. Up to this point, I could only see traces of ash fall in places, but as soon as I broke from the shore of Lake Nishi and headed for the mountains, the scenery of the dead mountains with a panoramic view of Yui Ash came to the exhibition. .. And in the depths of the scenery, I saw a new volcano blowing white smoke and towering.
The eastern foot of Mt. Usu is also a vast plain that is often seen in Hokkaido, and is a beautiful field with extremely gentle undulations. Until last year, pastures continued in the green fields, and white cows were probably released here and there. It is now completely buried under hot ash, turning into an empty landscape like a panoramic desert. The standing tree, which shows a slight wreckage, has also withered white and is half-broken. To the right of the new volcano in front, Mt. Matsumoto looks small as a buzz cut. This was also a conspicuously high mountain in this vicinity, which looks like a bump on the next mountain. On the left, there is a gentle hilly area, which looks like a smooth dune under the ashes of the whole mountain. As I walked for a while, white powder suddenly accumulated on the cloth of black clothes. The wind is bad today, so it seems that ash will come here. When I stopped, I heard the sound of the volcano roaring like the sound of the distant sea.
While struggling on the hard-to-walk ash, go near the foot of the new volcano. The closer you get, the louder the ringing becomes. The thickness of the ash fall layer sometimes exceeds 2 meters. Primitive rivers are everywhere due to precipitation erosion. A characteristic of this type of "soil" is that both banks are vertically steep and shaped like a rakugan. In the depths of the North China, the prototype of the river flowing through the loess zone of the Gobi desert can be seen everywhere.
For this primitive river, which is more suitable for cracking the ground, its shape was more appealing to me than its structure. Many of these primitive rivers line the belly of a smooth dune-like hill on the left. Water flows through the slight dents on the mountain surface, and once the water flows, the groove becomes deeper and deeper, so the flow path is fixed. Many such channels gather toward the river and flow down as a single trunk. These channels can be seen on the unobstructed surface of this primordial mountain, just like the shape of the river seen on the map. The mountain is covered with just one side of ashes, and there are no signs of living. On the gray mountain surface, this primordial river on both banks is carved into a strong black line in the shape of a bent strong iron wire. In the world of Creation, there would be no better view to imagine what a river would look like when it was born.
Matsumotoyama under the hot ash is a miserable view. The wreckage of the larch, which had just been covered with a forest of larch, seems to be hurtful when it is covered with ashes. What is strange is that the mountain Karamatsu, which continues to the right of Mt. Matsumoto, has all collapsed in a shape that looks like it has been folded from near the root. Some people have imagined that such an example had occurred once before, and that some heavy gas was ejected with great force. I can't think of that in laboratory physics, but I can't explain it outside. It may be natural that the phenomena that occur in the world of Creation are not explained so easily.
Because the mountain has already settled down, I can't climb the lava dome very much, but it seems that I can reach the outer ring mountain wall. If we go there, we should be able to see the lava inside from the crack in the dome, so we first climbed Mt. Matsumoto. It is relatively safe to climb the outer ring of the new volcano from the summit. This new volcano cannot be approached very decently, even in front of our eyes, because the rocks are actively collapsing.
There are deep cracks all over the area near the summit of Mt. Matsumoto. The thick ash fall layer that covered the entire mountain was broken into pieces due to subsequent changes in the basement topography. I feel that the whole mountain is about to collapse. Climbing over a deep crack while feeling creepy. When we finally get to the new volcano, the rumbling becomes more intense. It seems that the whole mountain is shaking and ringing. It seems that the vibration echoes under the legs in the mainstream.
When I attached to the outer ring mountain wall and faced the dome of the eruption dome, I felt that the scenery had changed completely. The mountains under the hot ashes are a world of death, but the rocky mountains that have now risen from the bottom of the earth are, in Stein's words, a world that does not know life. The first thing that is striking is the variety of colors. The crust, which has been pushed up by forty-five meters at a stretch, has abandoned its topsoil and exposed the underground bedrock. The bedrock, which had been burned by geothermal heat and gas until now, has been broken vertically and horizontally into a collection of rock masses of about 1 to 2 meters, which is dangerously maintaining the shape of a mountain. The color of the rock, which has been hidden underground for a million years and now sees the sun for the first time, is extremely fresh. It is a beauty that is different from the colors in the human world. According to the results of the analysis, it may be said that it is due to the high iron content, but the basic color of this rock is similar to that of Taisha, which contains purple.
Steam is faintly leaking from the cracks in the rock. The edges of these crevices are framed in a particularly vibrant variety of colors, adorned with deep purple and brilliant yellow and vermilion of realgar, and are mysteriously beautiful as if they were studded with raden. Yellow would be a crystal of sulfur. The vermilion color may be that realgar was born in the mainstream by the vapor of arsenic. Speaking of which, the vivid colors reminiscent of the blue-green color of malachite are also mixed. When I touch it, the rock is still hot.
With this mysterious and beautiful rock field in the foreground, a large rock mass of purple-black lava dome towers right in front of you through the gaps in the storm. A pure white eruption is blown out from everywhere from the bottom of the dome to the summit, wrapping around this large rock mass. The roaring sound of the earth does not take a break for a while. Rock crevices can sometimes be seen through the gaps where the eruption sways from side to side. If you wait with your binoculars in your eyes, the cracks will appear black in the gaps of the eruption. The back of the crack is dark, and crimson lava appears to shine at the bottom. Looking at the color of the fire makes me feel like I'm actually looking into the depths of the earth. Even if you look at lava at an ordinary active volcano, this kind of feeling does not occur very often. It seems that this new volcano, which clearly shows the power of the earth, is the first to be felt, as the thing that was at the bottom of the earth until just near it has appeared in front of us.
One reason may be that I was dazzled by the power of the earth that was clearly shown, but the appearance of this mountain that I see in front of me is truly a symbol of beauty and power. Its beauty is surrounded by a mysterious light that does not exist in the human world. There is no color of struggle or suffering in that power, it is just a manifestation of pure power. This world of beauty and power is a world that does not know life and brings the dream of creation to the human mind.
The direction of the wind changed and the ash fell white. Smoke seems to come here as well. We hurried down the mountain. Looking back, rock masses sometimes fell down along the hillside, and along with that, landslides of earth and sand and volcanic ash occurred, causing a rush of smoke. The beauty of the color just before will have disappeared from the rock mass that has fallen to the foot of the mountain.
From the standpoint of geophysics, the new volcano this time is also an example of Usu volcanic activity, and it may not be so rare. However, Usu volcano itself is a rare volcano in the world, so it can be said that it is a rare phenomenon in that sense. However, in Usu, a new mountain has already risen on the shores of Lake Toya during the eruption of the 43rd year of the Meiji era, reaching a height of 155 meters in 100 days, and there are cases where the current mountain has been formed.
At this Usu volcano, the head of the lava column solidifies before the rocks rise to the crater, and it is pushed up by the still-melted rocks below, forming a dome. It has the characteristic of coming. As the lava dome closes the crater, the new activity of the rock sword sometimes turns to the less resistant areas of the hillside, raising new mountains and creating new volcanoes like this one. If the lava pillar does not erupt to the ground and stops underground as a latent dome, it will only stop at the uplift of the mountain, as in the case of the new mountain in 1883.
If you listen to this kind of explanation, the appearance of the new volcano this time may not be an incident that even brings out the dream of creation. However, even with such an explanation, the charm of the mysterious world of beauty and power does not diminish at all. The appearance of this volcano is more memorable to me than the theory of the origin of the Alps.
Given that all primitive peoples have their own legends of creation, such a dream would be forgiven. [# Raise one character from the ground] (January 6, 1945)


[# 2 indentation] Appendix [# "Appendix" is a middle heading]

By the courtesy of Professor Ishikawa of the Department of Geology, Faculty of Science, Hokkaido University, which I wrote a little in the text, I added a diagram showing the progress of this Niiyama. This figure is also based on the observation of Mr. Mimatsu, the postmaster of Sobetsu Village, which I wrote a little in the text. The ground surface before the uplift is shown by a thick line, and the change of the outer line of Niiyama from May 25, 1945 to September 10, 1945 is drawn in eight periods. It is omitted because it shows almost no significant increase after September 1945.
[# Enter a diagram showing the progress of Showa Shinzan]
The first explosion occurred on June 23, 1945, so it was around the second line from the bottom. It is often seen that the uplift of the land has suddenly increased in speed since the explosion. Then, in April of the following year, the lava dome was completely completed. The time we visited this mountain, that is, the description in the text, was the second time from the top.
Mr. Mimatsu's original drawing is more detailed than this and is an extremely valuable material. I am grateful that I was able to reprint this sketch with the consent of Mr. Mimatsu. [# Raise one character from the ground] (July 9, 1947)



Bottom book: "Ukichiro Nakaya Collection Vol. 5" Iwanami Shoten
Issued the first print on February 5, 2001 (Heisei 13)
Parent of the bottom book: "Elm flower" Kobunsha
Published on August 30, 1948 (Showa 23)
First appearance: "Fujin Koron April Rebirth Issue" Chuokoron-sha
Issued on April 1, 1946 (Showa 21)
* The bottom book is a large scale of "ga" (ward number 5-86) used for counting things and place names.
* The figure showing the progress of Showa Shinzan based on the observations of Masao Mimatsu (1888 (Meiji 21) -1977 (Showa 52)) is not included in consideration of Mr. Mimatsu's copyright.
Input: kompass
Calibration: Kiyotaka Sandpit
Created June 10, 2016
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
