Death of iron
Murou Saisei

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Crazy

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) Baldness [# Emphasis mark on "baldness"]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

The child of Burdotsk, who resembled a tiger cub, was called Tetsu Toihi or Tetsu Chiyan. Whenever I was happy to walk in the sea urchin, I barked only one voice.
Iron sometimes wrestled with another Gori and Ifu Tosa Bull. Tosa Bull was twice as big as iron, and every time he wrestled, his ears were torn off, so the hair on his ears did not grow and he was slippery. Even though he lost, he patiently fought, and even if he drew, he couldn't challenge the battle.
Gori was a pure fighting dog. I tried to put Gori in the back door and iron in the front gate so that Gori and Iron wouldn't meet each other. However, when I took them out for exercise, they met each other, so sometimes they didn't know each other, but when both eyes were looking at each other from the front, the light of the eyes was fluttering due to the mood of the day. When I thought that it was a lump, it became another lump, and a groan and a heavy animal-like sound of rubbing between the bodies continued from inside the lump. Iron was always laid under the ground, but even if it was weak, he couldn't stand it and scream.
So when I was on good terms, both of them went out to exercise with me. The iron is released from the chain and the gori is pulled with a rope, but at that time the iron was intentionally given to the child. Ahida, who lived in Omori Yanaka for four years, I spent an hour every evening and morning on the bank of Mizokawa, and there was no day when I didn't take a walk with these dogs. Where the garden of the house is full of trees and blooms in the spring, where the girls of the house always cry when they go to school in the morning, where the house is full of women, and one of them The most beautiful woman is her husband, where the house has a persimmon and the sound of cool water drips in the summer, and where the house has yuzu trees and persimmon fruits, which is a beautiful thing. I remembered it before I knew it. In Mizokawa, there were river shrimp and sardines, and in the past, Omori Yanaka was also Onuma, which made me think about the scenic background of my walk.
I built a small house in the back of Omori Magome and moved from the swampy town of Yanaka last spring. Iron, Gori, and a black cat took me to Magome's new house with our luggage, but the cat went to the previous rental house in less than two days and turned into an unpopular tatami mat. It was a cat on a spring day. No matter how many times I took him, I still visited the previous house and couldn't eat at the new house. I couldn't get the iron and gori exercises to make a garden, but one day I couldn't see the iron, and when I saw a person in the previous house, he was under the garden there. I slept warmly in the hot part of the kennel as if I had hit it with an old dream.
The black cat has a fold that hasn't come to the garden for a month, and has a sharp eye light of a black kite. , Even if my wife or maid took me with me, I wasn't familiar with it, and I said that if it was such a cat, I would put it in an old house or an old garden. I had no choice but to mourn the heart of the obsessive brute, longing for the dive fence. There was something that responded to me with a firm and unchanging heart that fits into an old, familiar house before there was food or food.
After a certain warm weather, the night turned into a storm, and when I tried to eat in the morning, neither iron nor gori was in the kennel. Gori cut the chain from the knot of the chain. Since I went out in the heavy rain last night, I thought that it must be the house in front of me, and when I went to see both of them, I slept warmly without fighting under the edge, and had a brilliant spring night. I continued to protect it.
However, after a few months, I had no choice but to go to the previous house, but only the black cat was a spatula. He still wandered around the old house, snarling his skin and bones, and even if he bet his death, the cat wandered in the cat's character and legend. It seemed like I had something I had to do. The wife and children who pitied the cat finally went with the black cat whose eyesight was weakened.
“…………”
Even if I called my cat's name, I couldn't even get close to him just by looking at my wife and children. His eyes were glaring at the old owner, and it was nothing more than a scented eye that was close to wandering. The children also thought about Shimahi, but the woman was easy to get along with. However, I couldn't call him because he didn't come as a black cat.
Because I couldn't connect the iron, I often wandered around the town of Magome. All the students remembered this "Tetsuchiyan" on the main street leading to the elementary school. Iron was called by everyone, but he didn't even try to go by, and he walked around with a laid-back, fertile body peculiar to Burdok. Iron, who is so familiar with humans, immediately challenged a fight with another kind of dog, and was always full of blood and dusted the Magome Highway. At the moment, one of the students came to my house and called me. I didn't have any fighting that looked scary to the amateur eye.
I was pulling the iron out of the fight and stroking his head, he screamed a small word, Kogoto.
――Isn't it hard to fight because of the sissy habit?
At that time, Tetsu hung down sadly and broke his will.
Although it was hot with Saifu Iron, Gori had no chance of winning. Somehow, I wrestled once a week, and each time I was struck by the baldness of the iron ears [# "baldness"). I consulted that I had to do something about this, but I couldn't get Tosa Bull with a ferocious look. When a few people came and glanced at me, he said that such a terrifying dog would be crowded and couldn't take it over. One of the teachers at a school who loves dogs decided to give it to him. One, jumping when you see a horse or cow, two, jumping over the stone wall of a nine-shaku kurai, three, do not let go if you bite into the same kind, tighten your neck and hold your breath when you are in a hurry, four , Jumping into the car, 5, If you see a cat, you will eat it and kill it, so keep away from the cat at all, and with careful attention, I took a walk together in the morning and evening for four years. I broke up. One was due to protests from children and women because iron was always terrible, and that it was pitiful, but in another sense this large dog movement was also a burden to me. .. It took an hour for two of them just to take care of them.
Iron was lonely when I was alone. It's often said that dogs will eat into humans if they don't fight, so there's something about the stubbornness that's lost and sick, but it's between the melancholy of iron at best. I got sick. It was supposed to be that, because the fighting against the folds of the four years three times a month was lost, the same was true of the lack of tension in life. He just slept with Bonyari and did nothing interesting. When I called him, my brother, muttering that he should have been eaten, I stroked the bald part of the sea urchin, and the iron sadly shook his head. The baldness left countless scars over the course of four years and was completely hairless. At one time it was suppurated and at another time it was a surgically treated wound. However, even if he was a little terrible, Tetsu wanted a friend. I couldn't understand that feeling.
At the end of a hot June, the iron slept in the morning, and even if I called it, I didn't get up immediately. Everyone said that iron was a little weird, but he didn't eat at any time, he took a rough breath under the cool trees, and his chest swelled and shrunk like a balloon ball. I thought this might be food poisoning, so I searched for food, but it wasn't something I was addicted to. When I showed it to a doctor at the Inu-Cat Hospital, he said that it was a heart-wrenching heart, and injected glucose and camphor. Perhaps it was a severe addiction symptom. When asked if life could be canceled, the doctor said he would probably do it [# "no" as an emphasis mark]. I've seen Tetsuchiyan many times, but it's not as serious as this time, the doctor who often worked with me said.
――Well, let me give up.
I once saw my body temperature, but it was only 7 degrees and 7 minutes. In the middle of the night, despite being seriously ill, I went out to the street and slept in the scraps of the carpenter's hut from the street.
――Do you choose the place of death?
I went out the next night, but I didn't have the energy to walk anymore and slept in the grassland on the side of my house. Iron seemed to go to a wide and unpopular place and sleep on its own, and showed the annoyance of human beings. I felt like I could understand it too much, so we just looked at it and didn't say a word.
On the 4th day, the doctor said that he would probably do it tonight. I had jaundice in my mouth and my heart was still fluttering. This may be a horrific illness for dogs with a collection of insects in their hearts, it may not be addictive, and the evidence is that their body temperature did not rise.
The next morning, I got up at 5 o'clock and went on my own, but Yuki [# "Yuki" had an emphasis mark] cried while removing the door. The iron died while still soft and warm. The kids told me that if the iron died the night before, they would show me mortality, so I put it in a wooden box, wrapped it in a furoshiki, and always took it to the temple. placed. When I noticed, a tick that had crawled out of my death was on the cool soil in the morning. When I looked at it quietly, I wondered how to tell my house that the iron had died.
Yuki [# "Yuki" has an emphasis mark] was still crying even after I put it in the wooden box. I thought of the 20 yen coin I paid on the roof of Matsuya four years ago when it was cold in the spring, and attached a Burdok child who looked like the tiger cub to my bicycle, and the face of the delivery husband who sent me to my house. Then, on the second day, when I was hospitalized for a day temper, the doctor in the example said in the same way as this time-well, I asked him to give up. I got it. I asked myself if I could say the same thing at that time and again, and I asked myself, "Every night after the day temper was hot, the iron put the hot water bottle in the kennel, and the hot water bottle. I hugged and slept.
The maid who was there at that time was pouring the hot water bottle on the porch, and the voice was still in my ears.
――It was warm, so please take a rest.
All the people in the house got up and learned that the iron had died, but the children went away. He told me to bury him early when he went out and leave him there. I didn't like to see or hear.



Bottom book: "Japanese famous writing 76 dogs" work company
Issued the first print on February 25, 1989 (Heisei 1)
Issued the 10th edition on August 25, 1999
Parent of the bottom book: "Muro Saisei Complete Works Vol. 5" Shinchosha
August 1965 (Showa 40)
* The bottom book is a large scale of "ga" (ward number 5-86) used for counting things and place names.
Input: Hiroshi Kadota
Calibration: noriko saito
Created on July 16, 2014
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
