Lighthouse demon
Keikichi Osaka

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Shiomaki "Shiomaki"

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Hypochondriasis |

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Numbers are JIS X 0213 area area number, or original page and number of lines)
(Example) * [# exclamation mark question mark, 1-8-78]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

One

The light of the Shiomaki lighthouse, which looks right across from the seaside laboratory where we work, suddenly disappeared without any sound. It was midnight with a deep gas like the North Pacific famous lighthouse "Vale".
Although the fisheries laboratory and the lighthouse are different fields in terms of jurisdiction, they have the same commonality of the sea in terms of work, and in this remote and remote region, they get along well with each other through a small sea. Rather than because of the relationship we live in, we compare it to our dull atmosphere, which is like having fish eggs, kelp leaves, and garlic chives with a microscope every day. The meaningful appearance of the Shiomaki Lighthouse, which keeps throwing a secret light beam every night to the other side of the rough sea, is no matter how much it is [# "Monozuki" Did you stir up a longing for greed at the bottom of our hearts? Therefore, Mr. Azumaya, the director who was struck on duty, and I, when I heard that something was wrong, felt as if I was hungry and scratched with rice, and the darkness and darkness. The beach road was struck to Cape Shiomaki Misaki.
Cape Shiomaki is a rock nose that protrudes halfway into the sea, and there are many malignant reefs off the coast, and the Chishima cold current that travels south along the Sanriku coast. At a point north of this cape, it collided head-on with a branch of a warm current going north, turning into a vicious bottom current and entering the reef area of Cape Shiomaki, where it was caught in countless seafloor uplifts. In order to make a sudden rise, a noisy tide "Wraith" will appear on the surface of the sea. Therefore, there were many accidents especially on foggy nights, and my fellow sailors called me the Devil's Cape and I was terribly afraid.
However, just three or four months ago, a very strange rumor began to flow, centered on the crew of a cargo ship that had survived the sinking of the reef at that time. That's because the lights of the Shiomaki Lighthouse are sometimes weird, especially on foggy nights. Originally, the light quality of this lighthouse is a flash of light that emits a flash of light every 15 seconds, but only what kind of wind blows this person sometimes emits a flash of light every 30 seconds. However, the quality of the light that emits a flash every thirty seconds is clearly that of the Inubosaki Lighthouse, so the relentless gas has been plagued by the relentless gas, and it has been difficult for several days to return to the North Sea. The steamship inadvertently misunderstood the suspicious light quality that emits a flash of light every thirty seconds, and just as I was happy to see Inubosaki, if I wanted to make a big detour to the right side, It is said that he will immediately get on the reef and get caught up in the great whirlpool. There are many Katsukiya for sailors. Makoto Lie or such a big rumor began to take roots on the heads of the sailors with leaves on the branches, and it was just about a month ago on the fog of war. Once again, a freighter that was wrecked off the coast of Shiomaki repeatedly reported the mystery of the Shiomaki lighthouse in the rescue signal "SOS" for several tens of minutes, and refused to hear. There was an incident that it was done. At this point, the problem suddenly became "Omotenashi", and finally the Shiomaki Lighthouse was given strict attention from the Ministry.
However, this lighthouse is a third-class lighthouse under the direct control of the Lighthouse Bureau of the Ministry of Communications, and there are two decent guards, and as many as six people, including their families and ambassadors, are currently living. Moreover, one of the two guards is a very solid person, an old guard who is like the solemnity itself. His age is close to sixty, his name is Joroku Kazama, and he lives with his daughter Midori, and his stern personality, which somehow even holds the ghost of an old samurai, has become the object of people's reverence. Was there. And even more reliable, this old jailer has a passion for science that is more intense than anyone else, and is as non-superstitious as his age. You can't be that stupid because you have a guard, probably because of the deep gas flow and the hordes of hordes of migratory birds that yearn for light from that gas. By chance [# "coincidence" is "in the corner" in the bottom line], it is a light and darkness, and it will also have a tail and a fin, which will give rise to a superstitious demon. " Wearing.
However, betraying the statement of this solemn old guard, the Shiomaki Lighthouse finally caused a decisive change.
At first, when I thought that the flash of light that was emitted accurately every 15 seconds suddenly changed to an eerie immovable light, some mysterious tail of light was left in the gray gas for only about 2 seconds. Floated like a distant fire, and then suddenly melted into the ominous darkness. However, only the fog whistle that asked for salvation was sometimes low and heavy, and I heard it constantly in the tide.
By the way, we soon reached the tip of Cape Shiomaki, and when the huge white tower of 30 meters that had lost its light began to appear in the gas, it suddenly moved forward. I met two men who walked from the darkness without saying anything. It is Mitamura non-electric engineer of the lighthouse and Sano of the ambassador.
"... Ah, everyone ..."
When the little boy's ambassador acknowledged us, he immediately ran and called out.
"This is this one often came"
Then, as Mitamura technician pushes over
"I'm having trouble and I can't get electricity. I'm just thinking about going to the laboratory."
From the strangely fidgeting and awkward demeanor of the two, I thought that an unfamiliar incident had occurred. Technician Mitamura said as he walked back with us.
"Actually, the guard Tomoda on duty was terrible. That's so strange that Mr. Kazama will talk in detail."
Then, behind us, the ambassador said in a quivering voice that there was no outrage.
"Finally, it's out."
"What came out?"
Mr. Higashiya blamed him. Then the ambassador shook his head a couple of times to abhor his words,
"... Yes ... Yu, a ghost has appeared ..."

Two

Eventually, we passed through the concrete gate and entered the bright lighthouse premises. The three small official residences on the right side and the non-electric room on the left side are lit with bright lights, but the head of the lighthouse facing the sea in the middle is pitch black. Under the white tower that emerged like the belly of a female horn power "Onnazumo" in the afterglow of the light on the ground, Nogi grew a salt and pepper beard. It seemed that the general Kazama old guard caught a fair-skinned middle-aged woman and kept it in a stubborn manner, but when we admitted, he immediately left the woman to the ambassador Sano to the government building. I drove him away and he came.
"That's Tomoda-kun's Hosono-kun's Aki-san. I'm terrible. I'm sick. .. No, it's ridiculous. "
With that said, the old guard Kazama tried to light the candle of the hand candle, but his hand shook and the fire went out, so he kept rubbing the match over and over again.
I have met this old guard several times before, but this is the first time I have seen him trying to premature ejaculate. That solemn old samurai-like ghost can no longer see the fine dust, and while constantly shaking the candle flame, he stands in front of us and stands at the entrance door of the lighthouse. While opening quietly, he turned around and said.
"... Well, anyway, please take a look at the site once."
There, Director Azumaya, myself, and Technician Mitamura entered the dark staircase following the old guard. However, the old guard who entered the tower and closed the door said that he would rub himself and suddenly scream, and appealed.
"... I saw a ghost for the first time in my life ..."
Even the old Kazama, who was heard by that solid person, changed and said something like this, but I remembered becoming stiff.
"... No, let's talk from the beginning."
The old man Kazama stood ahead of us and said as he climbed the steep, dark spiral staircase. The voice also echoed in the long, tall tower, accompanied by an indescribable shadow-filled muttering Kodama.
"... I was off duty tonight, but that Tomoda guard is helping me with no electricity during the day, so it seems that I'm tired and sometimes fall asleep, and weird rumors are coming, and tonight. I couldn't sleep as much as I expected because my daughter in the side clothes was a little sloppy, but ... it was just about an hour ago ... First of all, I was dreaming at first. Suddenly, I heard a loud cracking sound of glass on the roof. Almost at the same time, there was a violent metallic sound in the same direction, something that could be broken by a machine. So, I was surprised and jumped up, and I was stunned for a while, but if there was such a sound in the direction of the ceiling, there was nothing else than this lighthouse, so I suddenly endured it. I jumped out to the front door of the government building with irresistible anxiety. If you look at it, the lamp room at the top of the tower is pitch black. Then, instead of replying to him, a big sound suddenly occurred at the base of this tower. I met Mitamura-kun, who jumped out like me. "
The old guard took a break here. This spiral staircase, which seems to cause some illusion, terribly tires my nerves. Technician Mitamura, who climbed after us, spoke at this time.
"That's exactly right. I heard a creepy sound like Kazama-san, and when I came to the entrance below, from the top of this tower, a low but hairy ghost. I heard a moaning voice like this ... Mr. Tomoda ... and the moaning was unavoidable, and this time I heard the voice of an indescribable ghost. "
"Ghost voice?"
Mr. Higashiya seriously blamed him.
"Yes, it's a ghost voice. Is that a human voice! ... It's like laughing or crying ... Oh yeah, it was like a balloon whistle of a toy."
"Some migratory birds made a voice similar to that."
And an old guard.
"No, it's similar, but it's completely different. Rather, the cat's voice at Sakari [#" Sakari "is an emphasis mark] is much more similar."
"Oh yeah yeah, that's right"
Kazama took over and said. "... So I asked Mitamura-kun for a non-electrical person and climbed this stairs with the help of candles. And finally, in the lamp room and shift room at the top, something scary ... "
"Is it a ghost?"
Said Director Azumaya.
"That's right ... he broke through the important glass window" Harimado "around the lamp room with a large stone from the outside."
At this time, Mitamura screamed loudly while pointing at the stairs in front of him. When I saw it, the flow of black blood that had accumulated on the tread of the stairs, "Fumizura," was steadily dripping down from the kick-up, illuminated by the fire of a dim candle. I took a breath involuntarily. And as we jumped into the lamp room without saying anything, we finally saw the traces of the monster wolf's register, Rozeki.
The large glass window that surrounds the lamp chamber in a cylindrical shape has a large hole on the side facing the dark open sea, and cracks like a spider's nest spread in all directions, and the cold sea breeze from that hole. When he blows in gas quickly, a dangerous candle fire irritates. Illuminated by the dim light, a large lamp with a large Fresnel lens fitted in a triangular cylinder, which was set in the center of a small round chamber, was severely damaged in part. Oil and gas seemed to be leaking from the dark crater, making a faint noise. And on the edge of the underframe of the large lamp, which is supported by the large cup-shaped mercury tank, there is a large gear peculiar to the rotary lighthouse. The elaborate swivel device connected to the tower was crushed miserably, and the rope that was supposed to hang the weight that powers the rotation of the lamp in the cavity in the center of the tower was fragilely beaten. Was there.
But above all, what turned our eyes away unintentionally was that, beside the destroyed swivel, he spit blood from his mouth, popped out both eyeballs, and shook his eyes [# "Tsukune". It was the corpse of a guard, Tomoda, who was lying down. And on his belly, a huge piece of rock that was extremely moist was sitting as if to eat it.
"... this is terrible ... it's a big stone."
Mr. Azumaya cut his mouth.
"Now, there are four or fifty pieces," said Mitamura.
"Even if two guys of this size take two people, I can't carry it to the top of this tower for a while ... let alone throw it through this glass window, which is 30 meters high, from the outside sea. , It's exactly the work of the youkai. "
"So what was the ghost you saw?"
Mr. Azumaya turned to the old guard Kazama. Then, the old jailer frowned as if he was pulling, while
"... As I said, the moment I entered this room, from the deck outside the broken glass window, it was a terrifying guy who jumped into the sea ... It was a red gnyagnya that was soaked in water, like a terribly large boiled octopus ... "
"octopus?"
And the director of Azumaya shook his head.
"Octopus has a sucker, so you might climb this far."
I said jokingly. Then Mr. Azumaya
"No, there is a giant Pacific octopus from a few meters in the sea that is affected by cold currents like this inshore sea ... but it's not that red."
With that said, I began to twist my neck constantly.
If you look at it, on the floor "Yuka" covered with linoleum, it seems that such a youkai's violent traces, in addition to the numerous glass hangings [# "kake" and the emphasis marks] and the bloody sea, somehow got wet A liquid with a filthy color is spilling all over the place, and it even gives off an indescribable fishy odor in the room.

Three

"……I do not understand"
Somewhat, Mr. Azumaya told me to throw it out.
"I don't understand at all ... but I understand this much," he said, unraveling his arms. First, this large stone breaks through the glass window, jumps into the room, destroys the lamp and the swivel machine, and beats the shift to death. At that moment, the rotation of the lamp stops and the flash of light becomes immovable. Soon, the light went out due to a gas pipe failure ... On the other hand, the rope wrapped around the crushed swivel was cut, and the weight of the rotating power, or the weight, was the center of this tower. It falls to the bottom of a thirty-meter cylinder that pierces up and down and makes a sound of the earth. A ghost invades while dripping such a creepy secretion ... But after that, I have no idea ... "
"I've never met such an eye!"
The old guard Kazama told me to spit it out. Then Director Azumaya headed for the old guard and
"Anyway, what happened to you after you found this tragedy?"
"I was surprised to see Mitamura-kun climbing up on the way down."
"Because there was no electricity."
Mitamura technician said. Then Kazama old man
"Because the antenna from the iron pillar over there to the railing in front of this glass window was cut off because of Oishi ... Then, I thought I would wake up an ambassador, and went down, Mr. Mitamura. Immediately broke up to the scene, but I had to do something about it anyway, so after a while I got lost and asked Mitamura and the ambassador to go to the laboratory for support. "
"No, it doesn't help at all," said Mr. Azumaya, as if he had returned to us. "Anyway, I can't do this ... Yes, Mr. Kazama, why don't you keep your hands on the evidence on the spot and get ready for the spare lights? The sea is pitch black. That's right .... Then Mr. Mitamura, please repair the antenna and start communication as soon as possible. Let's help us too. "
There, they were confused for a while, but eventually they went down quietly so that they could stand up to the sound of the waves [# "emphasis mark"]. And, while holding down the excitement of each of us, we looked around the newly scattered room with a stunned "Bozen".
However, I made a serious discovery here. It picked up a blunt hatchet from a dark corner of the room. What's more, red-black blood was stuck to the edge of the blade.
Mr. Azumaya, who changed his complexion due to this discovery, immediately bent over and began to look at the corpse of Jailer Tomoda again. Soon, however, he stood up on the right ear of the dead's head, finding a new fatal wound that seemed to have been struck with this hatchet.
"This is a real fatal wound that was added earlier, even from the perspective of the blood clot in the wound ... Then, when that stone jumped in, the guard Tomoda was already dead. ...... But then, the moaning that I heard after the sound of the stone jumping in wasn't that of the dead ... This is a lot different. "
"Then, after all, is that the ghost's roar?"
I uttered a voice involuntarily.
However, Mr. Azumaya did not answer it and continued to scrutinize it, but eventually he reiterated his tone.
"Hey Kimi ... First of all, I think the source of this bizarre rampage stone is the first issue ... Well, this rock fragment has a lot of barnacles on the coast around here. Looking at the place where the rocky reef creatures like barnacles are not attached a little, this one was not below the high tide line. It's not in the mountains, and while you're doing this, why don't you take a walk along the beach where the splash [# "splash" is a side point]? "
So, before long, we landed on the shore at the base of the lighthouse.
There, a cutting wind blowing from the dark open ocean blew us with the splashes of Isonami and the gas. But soon we almost groped for the same rock fragments rolling on the towering rocks at the base of the tower. I found it in.
However, unknowingly, on the same rock, from my feet, I picked up a thick rope that seemed to be submerged in the sea from the shore, along the crevice of the rock. .. Hatena? If you pull it and look at it, it will come out slippery. I feel good and I can do it. It's quite long. When I thought that the tip had come, strangely, another, this time, a much thinner string was firmly twisted. pull. However, this is quite long as well. I've finally finished everything
"It's strange."
While being taken, he made a strange voice. Then Mr. Azumaya, who had been staring at my strange harvest all the time,
"... This guy is getting more interesting. Nekimie, can this be unthinkable!"
When I said that and picked up the rope from me,
"Let's ask what you used it for."
I started walking.
When I returned to the premises, Mr. Mitamura was just in front of the warehouse, pulling out a bundle of wires and doing something. Mr. Azumaya started immediately.
"Is this rope a lighthouse?"
"That's right. It's a guy who has a lot of things in the warehouse. Oh, the one with such a string ... Where did you pick it up?"
However, Mr. Higashiya refused to answer and was constantly looking up at the dark sky, but soon he began to ask that there was no outrage.
"The height of this lighthouse was thirty meters up to the floor of the lamp room, Yuka. Then, please measure the length of this rope."
Mitamura started to measure with the tape measure at hand.
"... Both the rope and the string are 26 meters each."
"What is 26 meters? ... Wait?"
I was staring at the dark sky for a while, but
"Hey, Mitamura-san. How much does that rotating lamp weigh?"
"Now, there will be a ton."
"One ton ... One ton is a little over 266. Then, while turning the lamp around, it goes down the inside of the cylinder of 36 meters, that driving weight" weight "or weight. Isn't it heavy? "
"Well, there should be enough 80 pieces ... It's like a big stone mill ... When it's down to the bottom, it'll roll up again."
"Well, when did you roll it up recently?"
"It's yesterday afternoon"
"Then tonight, the weight was still at the top of the tower, right?"
"That's right"
"Thank you very much. Oh, and I'll have you take a break in this non-electric room."
With that said, Mr. Azumaya pulled me into the non-electric room, closed the door, and
"Come on, I'm starting to understand little by little. First, listen to my hypothesis."

Four

Mr. Azumaya sat down on a chair near him and started talking while taking a break.
"First of all, whether it's a monster or a human, that invincible wolfman, Rozekimono, puts one end of this thick rope from the lamp room at the top of that tower through a small vent under the glass window. Then hang on the high rocks outside, then come down and tie the rock fragments on the rocks with the ends of the thick ropes that hang down, and climb up the tower again, and in the ramp room. Open the lid of the swivel and open the end of the rope to the handle of the weight that is almost full up to the top of the cylinder. Side point] [# "Katawana [# side point on" Katawa "]" is "Katawa [# side point on" Katawa "]"] It's called a knot, or anyway, it's tied up with it, and when you pull it a little, it can be unraveled. Cut off the attached rope with that hatchet. Then ... "
"Oh, it's like a fishing bottle."
I instinctively put in my mouth.
"You said that you used the tremendous gravity of the weight, which is close to 100 pieces, to rampage a large stone. But then, almost at the same time as the sound of the glass window and the machine breaking, the weight must reverberate."
"Of course I thought about that," continued Mr. Azumaya. "But you see, the rope is deliberately or accidentally or four meters shorter than the depth of the thirty-meter cylinder from which the weight falls. The rope, which was damaged when the swivel was crushed by the stone, gradually hurt after that, and finally it broke and the weight fell naturally and the ground echoed. A mysterious person who destroyed that lamp room in the same way as I just said tied one end to the end of the weight handle "Take" [# "Hitto" side point] and the other end. I left it in the lamp room, but when I pulled that thin string after it was destroyed, the knot was untied, and the weight that was hanging in the middle until then was untied. , Suddenly falls to the bottom of the cylinder. And the two witnesses made a sensation that they heard the sound of broken glass and machinery some time later. "
"So that's it"
I showed the territory 《nodding》.
"On the other hand, when the phantom person lifts up the unraveled rope, he also unravels the rock fragment" Ishi "sitting on the belly of the guard Tomoda, and when he goes down the stairs, he is seen by a person who is surprised by the noise and climbs up. , Tie a rope to the railing of the deck outside the ramp room [# "Emphasis mark"] and tie it down to the high rock below. The rock is five or six meters higher than the base of the tower. Then, at the moment [# "emphasis mark"], untie and throw the rope that is no longer needed into the sea ... "
"I see, it's wonderful."
I screamed unintentionally. "Then any weak man can easily do it with a little movement. Then it's a ghost's work or a human's work."
"Now, that's the problem," said Azumaya, standing up.
"If you understand the mechanism of the rampage stone, there is a certainty that seems to be the work of a human being. However, on the other hand, that stern and honest guard Kazama says that he did see a mysterious figure, and Lamp The sewage that was scattered on the floor of the room, the strange roar and the bark ... Oh, anyway, let's climb up to the top of the tower again. "
Therefore, we came to the dim lamp room on the tower again. However, Mitamura was there with some luggage and climbed a little ahead of us. And when I saw us, I was going to install the antenna, but I was rude and offered to help. So I stood on a dangerous deck outside the glass window, and nothing happened, with some wire ends, and I became an instant electrician.
It seems that the wind has come out and the gas is being blown off little by little, but instead the waves are getting higher and the rock nose just below 30 meters from the deck we are standing on is dizzy. The wave crest that seems to be 《is crushed in white.
"It's a lot more expensive," said Mr. Azumaya.
"It's hard to get off this place with a rope ..." Then, suddenly, he became energetic and suddenly said something strange to Mitamura, who was working beside him.
"I'm sorry, but please show me your palm."
――Ah, Mr. Azumaya intends to locate the mysterious person with the callus of his palm. I see, this is a good idea!
However, there was no callus in the palm of the engineer Mitamura. When Mr. Azumaya suddenly began to fidget, he left me and Mitamura's engineer on the tower, and went down in a hurry.
While watching while helping with the antenna construction, Mr. Azumaya, who soon landed on the ground, told the old man Kazama who had just come out of the official residence.
"Can't you prepare the spare lights yet?"
"Yes, I still have to clean it."
The voice of the old man Kazama is not energetic for some reason.
"I'm sorry, but please show me your palm."
It was cut out as expected. I thought that this was getting more interesting, but for a while, it seemed that the old man Kazama hadn't made a callus on his palm, and the old guard entered the warehouse. Mr. Azumaya went to the official residence this time. And it disappeared from our view.
Antenna construction is quite difficult. My hands hurts to break. Besides, it's terribly cold here and I'm dizzy. However, when the difficult task was almost completed, Director Azumaya returned with a very tense look and jumped in.
Mr. Higashiya apparently seems to be holding back the excitement, and said intermittently.
"... That Hosono-kun, I couldn't see the corpse of my husband, so I was hungry on the ambassador ... I think it's better to show it early ... "
"How was your palm?" I couldn't wait and asked.
"The palm of the hand ... Yeah, neither the ambassador nor the servant could make a callus."
"Then, after all, youkai ..."
"No, wait ... I then asked Kazama-san's official residence next door to give me a little rudeness, of course I'm going to meet my daughter ... and there, big I made a discovery! "
"A big discovery? Then, was there a callus on the palm of your sleeping daughter, Midori?"
"No, no. Not really."
"Then, what's wrong with my daughter?"
"I'm not kidding. I don't see my daughter from [#" Tenkara "]. She didn't heal in any room. "
"Midori wasn't there * [# exclamation mark question mark, 1-8-78]"
Technical Officer Mitamura blamed him. Then, Mr. Azumaya put his big shadow master on the light of a dim candle, and while squeezing [# "Emphasis mark"],
"Yeah, instead, the old man saw it here ... I met that red ghost of Gnyagnya!"

Five

Eventually, Mr. Azumaya put a surprised me on his back and said to Mitamura in a new tone.
"By the way, Mr. Mitamura. When you came up here right after the incident, you met Mr. Kazama in the middle of the stairs. Did Mr. Kazama have anything in your hand? ? "
"... By the way, I took off my clothes and brought it to my right hand."
"I see. Thank you. Then let me ask you another question. How old is that girl?"
"Um, maybe twenty-eight."
"How is your conduct?"
"Well, good behavior? ... Yeah, no, I heard he was a very smart and good girl ..."
"No, it's only here, so don't hesitate to tell me."
"Hah ... I used to be good, but ... that's ..." said Mitamura, who was in great trouble.
"... It was about this time last year, but at that time Kazama-san's house got along well with a freighter engineer who had been in trouble for a while and left the house. But it wasn't good in the first place ... I heard that he managed to do everything around Yokohama after that, but he was a sailor who wasn't good at the other party. 》 It was abandoned, so I came back about half a year ago. "
"Hmm, so ..."
"... That's why I was a very cheerful daughter, but since then, humans have suddenly changed ... That's why my father, Kazama-san, naturally put on something and always with white eyes. It seems that he was being watched .... I'm sorry to think about it ... "
With that said, Mitamura rubbed his hands together with an unpleasant face that made him regret his light mouth. However, Mr. Azumaya, who had been listening carefully until now, raised his dark face and told him to mutter.
"... I seem to have come to understand what I was playing with that rampage stone mechanism."
"Who is that! Is it your daughter, or ..."
"Of course it's my daughter Midori."
Then, Mr. Azumaya sat quietly on a chair beside him, put his elbows on his knees, put his fingers together in front of him, and twisted his neck as if hesitating. I cut it out with a lump.
"... This may be a bit of a speculation ... but my imagination just leans like this. Besides, the romance guy isn't good at me because of the different fields. But, well ... suppose there was a daughter of a pure lighthouse keeper here. At one point she fell in love with a sailor who rescued her from the Namba ship. However, her father was a very strict person. , I can't accept that feeling of my daughter. Naturally, the two young people work together to pursue a sweet dream ... but soon after the fruit of love comes to her body. The man's heart goes on a boat to a distant country ... and she returns to her hometown with unbearable hatred ... but her father's cold hospitality is her heart. The dreamlike appearance of a ship that stirs up crazy and goes offshore night after day burns a sign of hatred in her heart. Hatred for a man becomes hatred for a sailor. The hatred of the sailor becomes a hatred of the ship, and as a person who sinks the ship, or finally violates a strict rule, to the lighthouse of the sailor's lifeline, every night of deep gas, the guard's doze Using time to play as much mischief as possible ... However, one night she was finally found by a guard, and she was so surprised that she wielded a hatchet that was by her side. It's down to the guard's head, and while he's confused by the horrific sins he's committed, he'll play with the rampage stone gimmicks to get rid of the crime ... You can think of it as a plan to destroy the lighthouse ... "
"Then what about that terrifying monster?"
I instinctively put my mouth in.
"There was no such thing."
"Because you yourself"
"Well, wait. Don't break the story ... That relative, Oyaji, is very strict, honest, and responsible, and the sin of his daughter, who was already looking with white eyes, was so great. I can't forgive it, but nevertheless, from the moment I heard the noise and climbed up here, the old man's feelings changed drastically, and he told a once-in-a-lifetime big lie, a monster. He forged and began to hide his daughter's sins. "
"Because then, what will happen to the traces of this monster's wolf clan? What about this dubious water, that moaning that Mitamura-san certainly heard, and the strange cry?"
"Well, listen ... Well, what do you think the old guard who climbed the stairs at that time, without fear with a candle, saw in this lamp room? It's not a broken candle window. It's not a broken machine. It's not the corpse of guard Tomoda. It's okay. I saw two living humans! An unfortunate girl who was found and frantic and jumped into the sea from the outside of the glass window, and another one ... Gnyagnya's red, soft ... yes, because of the emotional shock and the stimulus of overwork, he gave birth prematurely in less than a month. It's! …… "
I was surprised.
――Ah, was that so! That's why that dubious moaning is a horrifying horror, the agony of labor pains, and the strange balloon whistle-like crying is a healthy birth voice, a dubious muddy voice. I was wondering if the nigori water was also a light amniotic fluid that had finished protecting the foetation, but I was struck back as if it were just now. And the moment I saw the face of my cute first grandson, I started to feel like I could understand the feelings of the old guard Kazama, who remembered the weakness of human beings at the bottom of his heart. was.
Just at this time, breaking my pleasant dream, I could hear the squeaking sound of the door quietly, and then the old guard, Jouroku Kazama, who was wilted, shined his swelling eyelids in a dark light. , Suddenly appeared at the entrance.



Bottom book: "New Youth Masterpiece Selection: Reptile Museum Case" Kadokawa Horror Bunko, Kadokawa Shoten
First edition issued on August 10, 1998 (Heisei 10)
Input: Susumu Ohno
Proofreading: Kazuko Hayashi
Published December 14, 2000
Revised December 14, 2005
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
