Fishing during the turmoil in Tokyo
Ishii Kendo

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Come

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Human heart |

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Numbers are JIS X 0213 area area number, or original page and number of lines)
(Example) * [# "Mouth + 僉", 4th level 2-4-39]

/ \: Double dance character (repeated symbol in the shape of a vertically lengthened "ku")
(Example) This / \
* Double the dance character with dakuten is "/" \ "
-------------------------------------------------- -----

Rogue and misconduct

From the National Assembly on September 5, 1883, the unexpected result of "police burning" came, and the city fell into a state of no police, and see this. In the wind, those who take the trouble to walk on the road, those who proudly traverse the road, those who pull the car with no lanterns, etc. There are a lot of things to do, such as the guilty police, who fill the streets and sing.
By the way, as a human heart | today, there is no peace of mind, and according to what I hear at a fishing boat inn at a later date, for only three days of turmoil, it is not a person who goes fishing. It's always like a holiday. There should also be a left. However, taking advantage of this noisy and noisy mess, he hangs down in a pond forbidden to kill on weekdays, pollutes the sacred grounds, devours temporary pleasures, and the many people of Senmin are mourning. Weekday. At that time, I would like to take a look at the history of fishing and record 12 things to commemorate it at a later date.

I will buy a fishing rod and a strange 《Kika》

At noon on the 6th, a visitor said, "I was in a dangerous disaster yesterday, but when I think about it, I'm horrified." When asked, "Go out to see the National Assembly ...", he said, "No, I went to Fukagawa to go fishing [#" Oboko "as an emphasis mark], and Higurashi, as usual, carried a fishing rod. When you enter Yurakucho from the corner of Owaricho 4-chome with a "biku", it seems to be noisy. I thought it was weird, but when I followed the path of the train, it was extremely crowded, but suddenly I got behind my back. There was a sack. Looking back, if a man of about forty merchants, "Akindotei", carried something like a sword, "You", that kind of "Son". I was warned, "I'll meet you in the flying eyes." When I asked, "Is there anything?" He spoke of Shura. He said, "Then, remove the bag, remove the rod, and let it go." He said, "I like it." He will do it, so thank you very much and say goodbye, then peel off the bag of the rod, carry it through the fish paddle, the voice of the train like a hundred thunders, the rage of the rocky shore in the dark night. I was able to pass the voice of such a fighting train while listening to it from a distance. I didn't know if I bought a "don" miracle. " I think it's dangerous.

Asakusa Park open to the public? Fishing moat

On the night of the 6th, there was a rumor of burning again, and on the 7th the next day, an elephant with no police in the city appeared, but at the pond of Asakusa Park, a person who blames. Taking advantage of the absence of the carp, I got a rumor that the carp was very prosperous. In commemoration of the fishing road, I had to show it, and immediately after lunch, I passed through Iriya Kogetsucho, and from the 12th floor down, the edge of the pond in the 6th ward of the park. 》, I tried Manpo Yukan 《Manpo Yukan》.
If you look closely, you can win the story, and in the great prosperity, there is no room for a vertical cone around the pond, and you can build a human fence in Kuroyama. Usually, "hanging fishing" is a place that is scattered between the spectacles, and the spectators are overflowing in the store, and if yesterday | the day before yesterday "the day before yesterday" is to hit one gravel The day before yesterday, the day before yesterday, the day before yesterday, the day before yesterday, the day before yesterday. What is different from a fishing pond is that there are hundreds of fishermen, thousands of ants, and ants gathering. Then, I was amazed at the spectacle that should be said to be prosperous.

People who can have a rod

There is a bridge on Nakajima, and the neighborhood of the Yakifu merchants is always a crowd of people who stop coming and going. I went around and reached the burnt mark of the police box, and I hoped for a stake.
From the north, south, east, and west, the rod that comes out from the heart of the pond does not know the number of hundreds, and the rod, the round rod, the dragonfly fishing rod, the kite, and the octopus are threaded. I can see not a little. A person who hangs one hand on a pine willow on the shore, a person who can advance his legs on the Danseki and stretches the monkey 臂, a person who smokes with a sonkyo, a spectacle of a fishing pond at all | That's right.
For those who have a rod, there are many people who have a hungry bond, "Mekurajima", and a blind-striped "Mekurajima". However, I can see that I can wear a bamboo hat, and I have to have a quarter of my children. Because it is only the prey of the prey, there are few fish rice paddies available, either because it is useless or because it is only a temporary intoxication in the ordinary small fish rice paddy "Kobiku". Tae, I thought that there was a two-shaku 56-inch, and there was also a man who had a sword with a palm rope on the right side of the seat, but these were temporary. It's hard to say that you're good at it, and you should be one of the sinful categories.

Hurray voice

On weekdays, if you throw one Yakifu, it will fold and form a flock, * [# "mouth + 僉", 4th level 2-4-39] * [# "mouth + carp", 3rd Level 1-15-9] If the carp is tamed enough to form a group of "Kengu" on the shore, it should take some skill and skill to catch it, and the rock height " If you use the mechanism of "Njo", you should be able to catch both the sleeping child "cat" and the baby "shakushi". In front of me, a man who is close to thirty years old and has a style that seems to be delivered to a soba restaurant. Audience | Immediately shout "Hurray" with a roaring voice of a hundred thunders.
Next, I mentioned another one on the opposite bank, but again, the voice of "Hurray" was raised. I think it should be an example of giving off this cheer every time I pick up one.
In addition to this crowd of fishermen and spectators, I saw a kind of different person struggling. Every time I see a person fishing with a long-handled ball net, I approach him, and work as a helper. , A strange person "Kitokusha"? Nari. The madness has reached the point of "here" and is extremely extreme.

Fisherman's reconnaissance team

In the other side 《Kanata》 and here 《Konata》, every time I picked up one, I heard the cry of "Hurray", but at this time, someone said "Come / \". All of them raised the rod and turned to the other side to the late Kotosa and others, and looked like they didn't know each other. No matter what, the policeman can come. Received a signal from the reconnaissance team, "President Miyu," and was known to have temporarily stopped fishing. By the way, as it passed by, it was as before that the hooks were pulled down around the pond. Fishing with a picket must be able to be seen again in a lifetime.
Soon, there was a person who mentioned another one in the "Hurray" voice, but there was no color to please at all, and from the bottom of the voice saying "What is a scarlet carp? Year-old | A child of "just", begging "Uncle, please give me". "There's nothing you can't eat. The meat is a little soft, but ...", and if you remove it, the child will wrap it in the hem and run for a while. Leave.
This man, I picked up another one, said, "I don't like the shape," and gave it to a man who can be seen on the side. An ordinary fisherman, with patience for three days and four days, picks up one "jumping", and with the joy of a shakubi, he looks inside the fish rattan several times and receives a love prize. 《Love》 Measures 《O》 Inevitably, give the carp of the shakuyo without any humor, and think about it as much as the Dabosha fish 《Haze》 1 ｜ 疋 《Piki》 I feel that it is a luxurious fisherman who is similar to the fashionableness of Saikou Hoshi. If you listen to it, there are quite a few people who get 78 books by themselves.

Is it the year of the carp?

While I could move my steps and stand on the opposite shore to watch, I turned to the old man in front of me and the fisherman next to me. You can say, "Large | Medium", but "If you occupy this large | Medium", I'll go bankrupt in a few days after opening. He's been picking up 167 bottles from the morning, so I'm doing the work of 34 yen in a hurry. " A 12-year-old boy wearing a shirt. I think that the houses in this neighborhood, the delicatessen of the last few days, should be a carp-based dish. His carp, in front of him, caught the attention of the minister, and he rode on a horse-drawn carriage, and the carp in this park was innocently rusted by Yajima. It hangs on "Sabihari" and bustles the Chubudai in the slums. This year's age is truly a boring fantasy, such as whether it will be a hit year for carp.

Small turtle in free life pond

Tatohi himself, even if he had no choice but to take the rod, would soon leave here if he was willing to do so, but he came to the front of Kannon-do and witnessed the wolf's register, "Rozeki". Seri. In other words, Koike, which is in front of Awashima-sama, is covered with mud and mixed with old and young people, just like the Kaibori in the rice fields. By the way, the stone turtles of the Hojo, who can always play in groups on the surface of the water and on the stones, are not in the shadow of them, and people who can search for them now. However, the purpose is to be in Ishigame and to be clear. Some of them laughed loudly, saying, "It's okay to catch a turtle, but I don't want to catch a turtle."
After three o'clock, I can go home, but I heard later that today, Ichigaya Mitsuke | 》 It ’s just like that. The sound of the bells that are sold outside the martial law ｜ Kamabisushi is in the humor, hangs down the fishing, and laughs at the world affairs. I wonder if the fisherman will be a hermit.



Bottom book: "Assembly Japanese Fishing Literature Vol. 9 Fishing Story Fish Story" Sakusha
Issued the first print on October 10, 1996 (Heisei 8)
Parent of the bottom book: "Fishing secret art fisherman temperament" Hakubunkan
Issued in December 1906 (Meiji 39)
* The treatment of ruby as a new pseudonym is the same as the original.
* The bottom book is a large scale of "ga" (ward number 5-86) used for counting things and place names.
Input: Hiroshi Kadota
Proofreading: Takashi Tsuchiya
Created October 24, 2006
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
