Tomurai locomotive
Keikichi Osaka

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Your << you >>

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Ichiban |

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Numbers are JIS X 0213 area area number, or original page and number of lines)
(Example) * [# exclamation mark question mark, 1-8-78]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

――No, it's completely left. When the weather gets better like this, it's very easy to travel by train like this ... Sometimes, how far is your << you >>? ...... Ah, is it Tokyo? After all the university is also in Tokyo ... Oh, is it Mr. Left? No, that's fine ... eh, me? Ah, I'm just going to H city, which is the other side. Yes, that's right. This is where that engine warehouse is located.
――I was still an employee until two years ago. I used to work in the engine room at H station for a long time ... No, I had a short translation, but I retired, but every year today-that is, on the 18th of March, I'm going to H city for a poor woman with a very causal errand ... eh? Why did I retire from the railway? ...... No, it's strange. On March 18th, a year ago, I was in the car going to H city, and I was also accompanied by a good college student like you, and like you, I asked you about that ... I'm sure it's Hotoke-sama's thoughts ... No, let's talk happily anyway. At all, students can be refreshed ...
――When you ask why I retired from the railway and why I go to H city on March 18th every year, there are actually some strange circumstances. However, the situation is that, depending on how you look at it, it's very blaming, and for those who have learned a new scholarship like you, it's a little irritating. It may be bad, but well, let's think about it and listen to it.
――The story goes back a few years, but in that fan-shaped locomotive at H station where I worked ... it's usually called a round house. There is a black, smoked, old, large-sized locomotive called "Funeral Tomurai locomotive" by many staff members. The format and number are D50 / 444, and they are stubborn and strong like a chimney, and on top of the four-paired main locomotive, a fat can like a pregnant woman's onaka. A tender locomotive with a charcoal-water truck for a majestic freight train, with a chimney like a tea can and a steam storage iron like Fukusuke head on top of it. is.
However, strangely, this locomotive, among the many locomotives belonging to the locomotive of H station, is by chance the most | It was a rough shop, manufactured in Kawasaki in 1918, and immediately started operation for freight trains on the Tokaido Line. What do you call the biggest thing that has caused a run-down accident and is no longer pushed or pushed ... Record holder "Record holder"? As a matter of fact, it is a rather noisy thing that the H engine warehouse holds the hegemony of the criminal record.
By the way, another strange thing here is that this causal tender locomotive is really unlucky or fateful, and the locomotive has been around for nearly a decade. Every time I had an accident, there were two pitiful men who were always on board as driver crew members.
One of them was an engineer and called Izumizo Nagata, an old graduate of the N Railway Bureau driving school. At that time, he was 37 years old. Kikugoro is a big man who looks much younger than his delicate age, and is accepted by the people in the driving school as "Osa Izumi". "Too" was. The other one was Fukutaro Sugimoto, an institutional assistant, a little boy who was still out of reach of thirty, and his body was pale and thin, and he always felt like "Osa" under his nose. Like the beard of "Izumi", he is wearing soot.
Both of them are drinkers, they are friendly, and after drinking alcohol, they challenge both women for no reason.・ I'm not a little shy of the eerie career of No. 444. At first, both of us tried not to give each other such fears, but as the number of such unpleasant accidents increased, we couldn't finish it. And finally, one autumn night three years ago-although it was raining cold on that night-under the overpass "bridge" near H station. From the time when I crushed the body of a crazy forty girl, an eccentric masturbation was taken up among them by the claim of "Osa Izumi". That is to say, in the sense of a small memorial service to the victim's spirit, a small cheap wreath of Yasumon is sprinted to the ceiling of the cockpit for seventy-seven days. That's why. The two immediately put it into practice.
This small event soon evoked a sensational response among colleagues in the same workplace. And people have come to have a uniform and serious liking for the sentiment of this bearded man. When that happens, it's funny, and both "Osa Izumi" and Sugimoto, an assistant, have come to think of their ideas from the bottom of their hearts as if they were a very competitive and meaningful activity. I didn't forget to hang a new wreath on the ceiling of the cockpit "Cab" for 49 days every time an accident occurred. And for some days, people began to call the D50 / 444 a "funeral Tomurai locomotive."
No, students.
However, in the winter two years ago, this D50 / 444 was hit by a really strange accident and several times.
It was one morning when the frost was fierce, shortly after the crawl in February.
At that time, D50 / 444, which was engaged in freight train operation between Y and N with one round trip day and night, was an up train while spitting out abandoned steam "exhaust" whiter than frost at 5:30 am on time. I arrived at the freight platform of H station.
Then, at the platform, cargo loading and unloading will start immediately under the direction of the conductor, cargo rack, etc., and the station assistant will go out to inspect the train with the hand lanterns "lamps". On the other hand, Sugimoto, an engine assistant, lit the fire of the fireman "Puanes" on the Golden Bat and squeezed it sideways, and sang the iron ladder "gangway" with the oil difference in one hand. I got off.
However, soon after Sugimoto changed his complexion and returned to the cockpit without saying anything, he sat down in front of the pressure gauge "Gauge" and "Osa Izumi" who was glaring at him. He settled down, took off his hat and gloves, and blew on the instep of his thin palm, which wiped the soot under his nose clean-this was runover on the wheels of the locomotive. It's a kind of signal of Sugimoto when a piece of meat of a person is caught, well, it's a habit. I'll cut it off for a moment, but there are many times when the crew is ignorant because that huge locomotive wants to run over one or two humans in the middle of the night. you know.
So, "Osa Izumi" stood up feeling sick. And they call the station staff with a yellow voice. -Soon after, the locomotive was temporarily replaced at the direction of the assistant, and D50 / 444 was admitted to the locomotive with two crew members.
Here, with the help of a few locomotive staff, a small cleaning of the locomotive started, but there is nothing in Zara that is as troublesome and unpleasant as this cleaning for employees. For example, a runover death had his arm amputated, his legs amputated, or his torso and neck split in two. In the case of a refreshing killing like the time, the wheel of the locomotive is like a guy like a marbled beef that occasionally hangs on the wheel, and after that I just see black dyes in some places. So, in such a case, if you were a man who was a little nervous, nothing would be done. It would be enough if you had the sincerity to clean the locomotive board "Manaita" of the butcher. Entangled in the middle of the locomotive's chassis "truck", the neck ball is sucked into the axle, and the limbs are hooked by the wheel center "wheel center" and the connecting rod "connecting rod" at full speed When the whole body is disassembled tremendously, the locomotive's lower abdomen is sprayed with red-black miso [# "miso" as a side point] and emits a voluminous smell of blood. And at that time, the victim's clothes, whether it was a man's clothes or a woman's kimono, were completely torn off and caught somewhere on the locomotive's belly. I will end up. Cleaning a car in such a case is a so-called "runover death that becomes a miso [#" miso "is an emphasis mark]" and makes people in the engine room messed up.
By the way, the D50 / 444 was brought to the fan-shaped roundhouse by turning around on the turntable, but when I looked it up, I found that it was crushed before I knew it. Perhaps this is a guy who belongs to the category of "Miso [#" Miso "is an emphasis mark]".
Sugimoto frowns and sprinkles a perfume on a towel, and when he uses it as a mask and ties it tightly behind his head, he holds the tip of a rubber water tube "hose" and holds the tip of the locomotive. I crawl into a long and narrow mine with a depth of about 3 shaku, which has a full opening in the gauge just below.
However, a strange thing was discovered here. That's because, as always in such a case, Sugimoto was catching water on the lower belly of the locomotive, and I was careful to see where the young daughter's kimono was entwined. However, I couldn't find anything that seemed to be the clothing of a runover death, even one sleeve of a juban. However, instead, Sugimoto brought out a small piece of meat with strange hair by sandwiching it with the tip of iron-fired chopsticks "Kanehibashi" in a enthusiastic tone as if it were a jigsaw puzzle. It was. Then, while everyone was rushing around and appraising, a man named Hirata, who was in charge of car inspection, began to insist that the hair was too hard and too thick for a human flesh piece. So, the people who started making noise brought in a few elderly people and started to investigate again. And as a result, how is it? Surprisingly, I decided that it would be the skin of the lower abdomen of the black pig!
However, a report endorsing this surprisingly strange decision was made by the railroad builder belonging to H station about two hours later. That's right, about 6 west leaving H station | On the up line that is a curve "curve" near B station, a big black pig that seems to be quite mature is miserable A dismembered corpse was discovered. As you probably know, station B is located in a small town with the same name as the location of the prefectural agricultural silkworm school, and the farmers in the suburbs of that town have pig farming as a side business. It's very popular. So, maybe the black pig that jumped out of the fence of the piggery with some rhythm must have encountered an unexpected disaster while taking a walk on the railroad track near the curve at will-well, the people in the engine room like that. Was cleared up, and eventually this case was relatively easy to get rid of. And the kind and kind "Osa Izumi", who is kind to people, hung a poor but new style wreath on the ceiling of the cockpit "Cab" and started to work again.
Then, a few days later, one morning, a new black pig miso [# "miso" was added to the side point] came to the wheel of D50 / 444, which arrived at H station at 5:30 am. It was. As a result of the investigation, it was found that the runover point was on the up line of the curve close to the same B station as the last time. It's strange to say that it's strange, but by chance-it's up to that point. So, both "Osa Izumi" and his assistant Sugimoto had to line up another new guy next to the wreath of black pigs, which was only the first seven days before the 49th.
However, a student.
Deliberately, accidentally, or another morning, a few days later, the same D50 / 444 wheel was struck by a white pig miso [# "miso" that seems to be soft]. It was. Assistant Sugimoto immediately wiped off the soot under his nose. This is exactly the third time. The time and place are exactly the same as the previous two times. Mr. Iwase, the chief of the engine warehouse, finally sent a police box to the police box in B town.
According to a report from police box police officer Ando, it was found that the three pigs were stolen at each time and day from different owners near B town. However, I don't know who the mischief is. However, the "funeral Tomurai locomotive" D50 / 444 was as busy as the priest of the equinoctial week "Higane".
But here, I'm once again ... No, the students aren't kidding at all. Really, the same kind of road killing case came up again. ――All the conditions were almost the same as the previous three times. The pig that was run over was a white pig, and the ino nose that looked like a tunnel cave ... How about it, it caught on the curved pattern of the main wheel "crank" with Chokonan, and every time the locomotive ran, it was a windmill. Isn't it spinning around like "Kazaguruma"?
Both the chiefs of the Iwase engine warehouse and the Nanahara inspection station got angry at Kankan. ――It's a little too much for mischief. So, I immediately selected three investigative committee members led by Mr. Katayama, an assistant of the engine warehouse, and sent them to B town for a business trip investigation.
By the way, from now on, it will be a so-called detective tan for the strange incident of those who are the general of Yardmaster Katayama, but this is also quite interesting. Anyway, let's talk about it within the scope of the knowledge heard from the detectives after the incident.
This Katayama Yardmaster is a crispy person from the Imperial University, and although he is still a newcomer to the railway, he is smart and has a personality, and he is also a very witty and talented person. Now that he has been promoted, he is in the supervisory bureau of the ministry, but this person took the staff of this engine warehouse who was a subordinate at that time, and the staff of the track maintenance section who had already completed the preliminary inspection as a guide. The next day, I took a down train departing at 2:00 pm and immediately arrived at B town.
The curve "curve" track at the site is one from station B | near station H, which is less than "miles". The inside of the curve is a pine forest along the up line, and the outside is a mulberry field along the down line. What is it? Then, when everyone came to the place where the concrete milestone "Mile Post" with numbers was standing, the track maintenance staff of the guide went to Yardmaster Katayama, and it was yesterday that there was a fourth accident. Because of that, I refused to say that the cleanup was already done, and started a general explanation about the site. According to that, the scene of the accident is exactly the same point in all four, and each time, the milestone "Mile Post" standing there and the four-headed nail of the sleeper "Yotsu Atama Kugi" 》 ――This is a stubborn nail that touches the rails and fixes the chock on the sleepers in order to prevent the railroad tracks from moving on the curve. , Like that of any sleeper, it usually pops out about a quintuplet--that is, on both the nail head and the milestone, a normal straw. A piece of rope was left on.
"... So, in short," the track maintenance staff added at the end. "... In other words, the criminal passed the rope between the nail of the chock on the outside of the rail and the milespost on the other side, and at the center of the rail. We think that it was the one that tied the pig to the hit part and killed it. "
Then Yardmaster Katayama said:
"Then, I was alive before all the pigs were killed, but then I couldn't escape because I was tied up with a rope-the criminal used the point of the curve. I think I did it because I was afraid that the tied pig would be found by the locomotive and stopped, but even so, the pig prince was surprised by the approaching roar and cut the straw rope. It's about to end-- "
Then, the assistant asked the guide to visit the farmer whose pig was stolen, probably because he thought there was no more harvest at this site.
Eventually, the party passed the field road in the mulberry field and soon came to the quiet police box in B town. So I asked Constable Ando, who has a strict eight-character beard, for guidance and was able to visit the farmer who caused the fourth victim.
The owner of the house is a farmer with a large avatar face of fifty bodies, but when he meets the party, he bows his head several times in a timid manner and feels sick. Sugihide | I took you to the piggery of the pit. And there, the stolen white pig is a large white pig of the Yorkshire type, which was the most important of the pigs in my house, and it is a large female with 60 pieces, and it is eaten by such a muzamza locomotive. I started complaining with my nasal voice about things like crying and crying.
Therefore, Yardmaster Katayama went to Constable Ando.
"Of course, it was stolen in the morning and midnight when it was run over, right?"
I asked.
"The same is true for all four cases."
Constable Ando replied.
"How do you steal it?"
Then Constable Ando
"If you open the hinged door of this low fence, you will get up immediately even if you are asleep, so I will give you a dried sweet" Higashi ". I will be happy to follow you."
And the assistant asked there.
"As a result of the four-pronged investigation, did you find out that it was stolen?"
"That's right. The statements of the four victims are roughly in line with that."
Then the assistant said.
"It's a bit of a hassle, but would you like to hear about the four daily dates before and after?"
"Is it the exact date? ... Um," Constable Ando took out his notebook from his pocket and said, "Yes, first in February, eleventh ... next, yes, February 18th ... and then. February 25th, and yesterday's March 4th-and each midnight until about 5am. "
"... Well, then, then ... No, it means that it was stolen every 7th day. * [# Exclamation question mark, 1-8-78] Today is Monday, so I was stolen every Sunday morning, so I thought, "... Now, this town." So, it can be Sunday, or even a day other than Sunday, but any change that is repeated once a week on a regular basis-it can be any trivial thing, for example, every day at work or school. It doesn't matter what day of the week the barber or public bath is closed, or what day of the week the city "Ichi" stands, so anyway, it happens every 7th day in this town. Can you tell me everything about it once? "
For this question, it seemed that Constable Ando was also amazed by the fact that it was a stone's throw, and for a while I was squeezing my eyebrows, but when I raised my face,
"... The company is a branch office of Bank H, but that's what the town hall, the credit union office, the agricultural silkworm school, the elementary school, and so on on Sundays are. Fifteenth day. Barbers have seven days and twice a month, public baths have five days and twice a month, and that's not the only public holiday every week ... well, then Mayuichi is still in Mayuichi. It doesn't come out, but in the egg market "Tamagoichi", it's every five days ... well, other than that ... yes, every Saturday afternoon at the Agricultural Silk School, there's a small bazaar in the agriculture department. "
"Huh, what do you sell at the agricultural silk school bazaar?"
Therefore, Constable Ando replied as follows.
"Because I am an agricultural student, I mainly use vegetables, fruits, and flowers cultivated by the students .... I am prosperous."
Then, Yardmaster Katayama seemed to be cheered up by the answer, and this time he changed the topic,
"If the criminal isn't listed yet, what about the investigation and post-mortem vigilance?"
Then Constable Ando was stunned
"Of course, I have taken measures, but I'm short of hands."
"No, please give me a few minutes, but I think it's better not to make too much noise. Then, at this level ..."
The assistant said so and urged his subordinates to be in charge of the engine warehouse and guides. And the party soon picked up the quiet town of B in the evening.
――The person named Katayama, who is the assistant of the engine warehouse, has been dating for a considerable period of time with his subordinates, but it seems that he still has a strange attitude that sometimes makes people suspicious. , They seemed very regrettable. Because, for example, the assistant who picked up Town B, when he returned to the H engine room, immediately from the next day, as if he had forgotten the strange mystery of the "funeral Tomurai locomotive". I started working as a funeral frog and a normal frog. Two days | Even after three days, it's still the same. So, one of the unbearable subordinates asked about that on the morning of the fifth day? Then, the reply really eats people. "Because you. If you have nothing to do, you can't help it."
However, at midnight of the day, this attitude of the assistant changed completely.
Perhaps it was around 3 o'clock in the middle of the night, the assistant was one of his subordinates-a man named Yoshioka-and when he got ready to go out, he was fluttering due to lack of sleep. I got into the car by pulling.
Yoshioka didn't know where or how he shook, but Katayama, who had been flying in the dark for almost half an hour, said when he got off the car in a certain field. I left the car waiting there, and quietly followed Yoshioka. | I made a wink and went into the pine forest beside me. Yoshioka gradually woke up. Soon after, when the assistant and the two of us sat down in the darkness between the shrubs, the place in front of them was 10 ken, which was outside the pine forest. Immediately I found out that it was a curved railroad track near that B station. As it became colder with the night dew, Yoshioka's head gradually became clearer. And I gradually realized that I was an assistant. The luminous clock on the assistant's arm points to 4:30. If you think about it, it's March 11th-early Sunday morning. That bizarre pig thief must be glaring at the assistant who will come here five times-thinking that, Yoshioka remembers the chills that make his relatives even more tense. While burying the face in the collar of the cloak, it becomes smaller toward the assistant.
At 4:42 pm, the night passenger train made a tremendous growl and immediately went up the railroad track in front of me. And the side "around" returned to the original silence "Shijima" again. However, less than five minutes after that, the assistant suddenly got kicked and struck Yoshioka's shoulder [# "ko" as an emphasis mark].
Yoshioka involuntarily drank "Katazu".
――I see, from the road between the mulberry fields, you can hear the cry of a small, low, yet somewhat satisfying pig like a dream, although it is extremely far away.
Within two minutes, the voice gradually approached, and soon after I heard the sound of a gravel stepping on the gravel on the trackbed, a black figure appeared on the railroad tracks. If you look at it in the starlight, you can see the legs with trousers on the hem of what seems to be a cloak. Then, on the other side of the foot, a big white pig, wondering where the farmer stole it this time, is pulled by something like a rope while screaming. The man sometimes bends down and gives something like food, and when he crosses the down line and stops on the up line, which is a little west from their front, he returns to the white pig. I gave them food and then looked around. ――I don't know what kind of man it is because it's dark.
Eventually, the pig thief got to work. The presumption that the guide track maintenance officer told them five days ago was quite correct, as the black man tied the pig and sprinkled a lot of food in front of his poor victim. .. The two stood up quietly. And I started walking solo.
However, it will be called Nan. Within 20 steps, a dead branch-like guy made a loud noise in the darkness under Yoshioka's shoes. When Yoshioka was surprised, he was already absorbed in the railroad tracks and started to feast.
Moment-The pig thief turned to the pine forest, and when he gave a strange cry like a bird singing, he suddenly became a circle and started to go along the railroad tracks. Yoshioka immediately jumped out onto the railroad tracks and chased the black shadow. But before he ran, he had lost sight of the shadow. Eventually
"Hey!"
I heard the voice called by the assistant.
So, Yoshioka felt something like responsibility, but he had no choice but to return to the curve.
Then, Yardmaster Katayama called out, "What's okay?" "There's no rush. First of all, take a look at this pig prince ... Apparently, I can't be run over by a good craft so many times just by tying it up with a rope. I was glaring from the beginning. "
Looking at it, the pig is a little strange. I straddle my four legs in a strange way and sometimes move my head back and forth, squeaking my throat painfully and actively ejecting something.
"I was poisoned."
With that said, the assistant began to untie the tied rope. Soon after, they dragged a poor pig and walked through the pine forest in the direction the car was waiting for. However, the pig, which had been hit by severe vomiting several times on the way, finally stopped moving when it came to the place where the car was. I had convulsions. So, I had no choice but to tie it to the tree on the side and ordered the surprised driver to send only them to the police box in B town. And when they heard the sound of a train rushing across the pine forest when they got into the car,
"That's the D50 / 444 freight train."
Said the assistant.
Then, the role, etc. [# "The role, etc." is mama] When I went to town B and asked Constable Ando to treat the pig, I just took the car "car" and took the refreshing suburbs of the morning to H station. It was decided to run.
In the car, Yoshioka asked the assistant.
"Do you kill that pig and dissect it?"
Then the assistant is
"Yeah. There's no use for the pig prince anymore. I got the food and poison that he had eaten," he said from the pocket of his cloak. , I showed you three or four flower-like rice crackers. It has red and blue coloring on the mottled spots, and on the surface there is something like a small nut that is about the size of azuki beans split in two.
"The adventure of the last time," said the assistant. "My purpose, which was the most | main", was that of this guy from the beginning. I didn't think I would get such a rice cracker, but I mean ... After killing the stolen pig, I can't carry it by myself, so in order to bring it to the railroad track while keeping it alive, and to make it run well on the train there, simply put the rope on the perch at the end of the sleeper. If you pass it between the nail of Chock and the mile post standing on the opposite side and tie the pig in the middle, you can never succeed in Sangen or Shigen. I thought the stolen man would have to tie him up on the railroad track and then kill or immobilize the pig, but he would hit him with a blunt weapon, kill him with a knife, or poison him. If you want to kill it with, or if you want to kill it instantly by such means, you don't have to tie it up like that. You should kill it and throw it on the railroad track. Nevertheless, the criminal does. I haven't done so, so I think now-the poison in this dried candy didn't have a sudden reaction, and the criminal was gradually fishing the pigs with the poisoned bait on the railroad tracks. When you bring it to the top, then tie it so that it does not move between the rails, and still give it some geometric poison bait. Gradually, the action of poison begins. D50 / 444 It's coming--well, it's almost like that .... But what the heck is this dried candy? I've never seen a rice cracker like this toy "toy". Do you know? "
Then, Yoshioka immediately shook his head. Soon after, the two returned to H station and began researching the strange clues they had acquired in that adventure, using the office of the engine warehouse as a base.
On the first day, the assistant seemed to calm down all day and think about the dried sweets in the room, but on the second day, he finally went out and started to investigate. Then, when I came back in the evening and finished the dinner with the catered food, I immediately caught Yoshioka and another investigator and said something like this.
"You guys, please go to town B for a while tomorrow morning. It's not outside, but ... well, let's explain it anyway." As a result of my research, I finally found out the true identity of this rice cracker. This rice cracker, which seems to be unpleasant like a small windmill of a strange child's toy, is usually used for food. Rather, it is one of the lowest-grade baked sweets among dried sweets, so-called | decoration "kazari" sweets. And in this region, and generally, this sweet is called "paste" sweets ... You see, have you seen it? ... It's a sweet for funerals. By the way, the nuts on the surface of this rice cracker are like crushed small beans that seem to have been pasted with glue later. As a result of investigation, the scientific name is from Japan | Daikyouka, a fruit of an evergreen small sardine tree of the family of wood orchids, which is usually called "shikimi" or "hanashiba mystery". It has a toxic component. Shikimic acid is a confectionery poison of the genus Picrotoxin, which is a bit specialized, but its physiochemical reaction stimulates him as the confectionery center of the spinal cord. Depending on what you do, you will have a confectionery like "Temple", and you will lose consciousness temporarily during the confectionery. Sometimes you will die as it is, but it is not very poisonous. However, it grows naturally in the mountains south of the central part. By the way, there is another use for this rice cracker tree ... This one is really interesting ... It has been for Buddha since ancient times. In addition to planting it in the graveyard as a graveyard, or, in some regions, stuffing its branches and leaves into a coffin with the dead, in general, drying the leaves or crushing the bark, in front of the Buddha or in front of the grave. It's smoked, and it's used as a raw material for making that incense. You know. In other words, it's called this rice cracker, and it's called the fruit of the sardine. By the way, let's go back to that pig prince, but if I was the culprit in that case, I wouldn't have to use such a strange item, for example. You can use carrots, take out the pig prince with a very common food, come to the railroad track, and do not have to tie it with a rope. Throw it up and put it down--but the criminal in this case, as we've already seen, is really unnatural, rather a play-like tool. Here it is .. The use of such eccentric and special items every time means that they are at hand so that the criminal can obtain them more easily than anything else, that is, the criminal is doing business with them. I'll do it. So, my request is to ask the two of you to check if there is a funeral "paste" for the funeral and a funeral shop that manufactures and sells incense in the vicinity of B town and B town. I want it. "
Well, that's why the two of us went to B town the next morning.
However, since it is a small country town, as a result of inquiring at the police box, town hall, etc., it soon became clear that there was no funeral equipment store that matched the commentary of Yardmaster Katayama.
Then, when the two subordinates weakened and returned to H station, they reported that to the assistant. Then, the assistant said, in a surprisingly happy tone.
"I thought maybe that was the case. No, that's fine. While you were away, I went to the engine room and the" Osa Izumi "of that" funeral "Tomurai" locomotive was always a flower ring. When I asked where to buy the candy, I immediately found out that it was a funeral shop called Jippousha in the back town of H city, near the back of the engine warehouse. At the store, I found out that it seems that it also manufactures and sells incense as well as "paste confectionery". Let's go out immediately. As long as we know that there is something to do with it once a week, the case will be resolved most rationally. "
And then they went out immediately.
Then, I went around the back of the engine room and soon came to the filthy two-story funeral shop-Jukatasha.
When the assistant crawls in first, he immediately notes a small wreath in a familiar tone.
I see, the fifty man with a thick neck, a pointed tip of a bald head, a straw, and a face like the owner of the shop, has a terrifyingly depressing expression. At the same time, he was actively working on the man who dried the leaves at Yagen, but when he received the assistant's note, he immediately went to the straw stand of a small round wreath wrapped with green tape. , I started to give whitish artificial flowers. There, Yardmaster Katayama looked around the room.
――After that workplace, there is a large glass “glass” cupboard with items that look like “paste”, and beyond that cupboard, there are a few shoji screens that seem to lead to the back room. It's open to the public, but from the gap, it seems that a young woman who seems to be a daughter of this shop has a very strange attitude, and from a strange height, only her face appears like this. However, the woman had been looking only at her face like that since they crawled into this store, but the assistant was the first to see such a strangely fascinating face. saw. The hair is a plain bunch of hair, but it has a round face, the skin is white and transparent like a candle, the nose is low but the mouth is small, and both round eyes are made of plain silk. It's a little dull as if it was laid, but what I call it again is that it has a terrifyingly sweet charm. Then, when I saw the group of assistants, I greeted "Welcome" with a screaming voice, with an unreasonable laugh that I could understand.
――This thing was later heard later, over and over again. Anyway, when Yardmaster Katayama glanced at his daughter for the first time, he couldn't even say that he was something that he would never forget. It was clearly burned to the bottom of the chestnut ball. And this strange girl, a terrifyingly strange relative, "Oyaji" ... Hmm, I see, there is something deeply secret about this house. ...... Well, intuition is a guy, I felt that. ――No, when it comes to women, I can't get too long.
By the way, Yardmaster Katayama, who was silently looking around the store for a while, soon filled his eyes with the color of joy, and immediately saw the beautiful flowers in the aquarium "Mizuoke" next to them. While pointing, I said to my relatives, who are actively working on the wreath.
"My uncle. It's a beautiful flower. Can such a beautiful guy be in this cold sky?"
Then the relatives raised their faces and
"I can do it. In the greenhouse of the agricultural silkworm school in B town --- If you go to" Bangata "on Saturday evening, you can sell it to you .... Now it's done. . I'll give you 60 sen. Hey. "
Then, when the assistant sneaked in and received the wreath, he paid the price and went out to the table as it was. Yoshioka also immediately followed the assistant role, but when I glanced at the back with the gate entrance "Kadoguchi", that gloomy and quirky cute girl still showed only her face and the front. I was looking into the direction.
When going outside, the assistants are already walking about ten minutes ahead. So, Yoshioka hurriedly caught up and said with a humor, holding his hand on his shoulder.
"Assistant. That relative finally confessed to going to B town every Saturday afternoon, so why do I catch him in the introduction?"
Then,
"We're not prosecutors," said the yardmaster. "-Don't rush into the darkness. And even if you catch it first, we say that we have solid evidence.-I see, that relative. I'm sure the criminal who was chased by you last night must be nine minutes and nine minutes, but rather than catching him now, wait a few more days and be told at the usual place next Saturday at midnight. It's clearer to catch the current offender. That relative is still stealing pigs. There's some deep reason. Now, until Saturday, I feel quiet again and say, "The last Let's think about "mystery" as much as we can. "
So they decided to take it up to the engine room obediently.
And from the next day, Yardmaster Katayama began an enthusiastic interview survey with neighboring residents and others regarding the personality of that gloomy parent and daughter "Oyako" of Tohosha, as he stated.
Within a day or two-they are lonely parents and daughters, who are completely alone, and their livelihoods are not rich and their neighbors' relationships are not good. My daughter is a selfish kid named Toyo, and strangely, I haven't been out of my house for the past few years, and I haven't been out of the house for the past few years. Then, from the gap of the shoji that leads to the back, you can see the front and back as if you were expecting someone. From that, it seems that she is some kind of creepy one-wheeler. And that father is also an unrivaled child annoyance, and even if he attaches to something, he is loved by Toyo and Toyo, and when his daughter begins to make a fool of himself without his age, it's time to go by. He said that his eyes were so sad that he was soothed and soothed, and that he shed tears and tears to himself, and that he was all-you-can-eat with his daughter. Moreover, the rather hysterical selfishness of her daughter has become more intense recently in March, as the days went by, but strangely, what happened before this month or so? Instead of stopping with a grouper, he sang a manic voice like a sweet and sour child, and sometimes sang the old-fashioned "Katyusha" and "Shinkan" popular songs, and was happy with a loud voice. He said he was talking to his father like that. However, what happened again, four or five days ago, the atmosphere returned to the hysterical atmosphere as before-and so on, and so on.
――No, I was not a little surprised at this thorough investigation by Yardmaster Katayama. That's because I used to go shopping at the house at that time, but every time the girl came out of the gap between the shoji screens, she just showed her face and made an indescribable erotic laugh. On the other hand, I opened my eyes like a circle with thin silk, and looked soft, but devouring [# "emphasis mark"] into my face-it's already. I pour it persistently to the extent that it really seems to be "Oh nasty [#" nasty "besides]". And again, that relative is exactly as the assistant surveyed, for example, while working, looking back at Seka Seka and her daughter with an overflowing and benevolent look, " "If you open the shoji so much, you'll catch a cold." Or "Now, you should ask the customer about the train." It was shown off. ......
Well, aside from that, did Yardmaster Katayama, who washed away with such a condition, eventually reach an almost satisfactory conclusion? Next Saturday night, to be exact, Sunday-4 am on March 18th. Thirty minutes, with a cool face, in the pine forest of that curved railroad track "Curve", in order to catch the relatives of the daughter, the two subordinates of the example and the police officer of the H station and four people silently I was in the darkness.
However, the failure of Yardmaster Katayama came up here. That's because the passenger train passed at 4:42 and five minutes passed, but surprisingly no pig thief came.
Sufficient, 20 minutes, the party waited with their breath, but the general did not come at all because he was disciplined in front of this. And finally, the freight train of D50 / 444 of "Kaname" has passed.
"... Hmm. Teacher, you've noticed this stakeout. Alright. Let's get on the Tohosha directly."
Finally, the assistant said that and stood up in a bad mood.
Eventually, the group took the next passenger train from B station and came to H station. Then, I crossed the premises at dawn and walked toward the engine room to go to Tohosha. I wonder what happened, "Osa Izumi" of "Funeral" Tomurai "locomotive" and assistant Sugimoto are coming tech tech. If you look at it, the soot under the nose of Sugimoto's example has been wiped clean before you know it!
Sugimoto had an exaggerated look when he admitted the party,
"Finally, I've killed you again."
"I killed something again * [# exclamation mark question mark, 1-8-78]"
The assistant shouted unintentionally.
Then Sugimoto
"Yes, there was certainly a response. It's under the overpass" Bridge "just across from the phone at this station. And hey, the wheel" Wappa "of the locomotive" Okama ", This time, the woman's hair was caught. It's not a pig-- "
Immediately, they left the arrest of the relatives of Tohosha to the police officer and hurriedly went back. Soon after, I came to the scene of a runover death that was a little out of the way to the west of H station.
Because of the morning, the nearby Yaji horses were already making a huge Kuroyama on the chilly overpass "Bridge" and on the railroad tracks wet with dew. ――The one who came first to the feeling of the party who broke down Kuroyama was the smell of blood and flesh that was like [# "Namanama"]. Then they saw a terrible woman's neck, Namakubi, lying at her feet. --The upper half of the head is missing, and the brain miso inside and both eyeballs fly somewhere, and the black-blooded gravel from the orbit "Meana" through the cranial cavity "Inside the head". You can see the gravel on the railroad track you arrived at. -But while looking at the face of the half-blanked "Hankake" woman who became the eyeball of Galan Cave, they gradually said that it was the daughter of the funeral shop. I noticed.
Then they were pulled by the yardmaster and went one step further while swaying. And there, when I saw something rolling on the railroad tracks, the party involuntarily vomited.
――It seems to be both legs cut from the netsuke of the crotch, but it is like a log stick with a diameter of about 8 or 9 inches over almost the whole. In addition, the color of the skin is lead-colored because of the faint blood. The yardmaster bent over with a blue face, but he calmly pressed his finger against his skin. Then, the skin in that area was just wrinkled, which was very unpleasant, and did not dent at all. ――The assistant said in a heavy tone when he stood up with a six-storied face.
"... This isn't the edema that was created because of the amputation. You guys got occluded by the parasite called Philaria, and the lymphatic vessels were blocked. I know him when he has lymphatic disease, or when he has elephantiasis that appears secondarily after edematous illness due to the invasion of chained bacilli from a small wound. This is it. One of my college friends suffered from this. The affected area was mainly the legs, and the skin gradually thickened due to inflammation. I don't hear much about dying from elephantiasis, but it seems like it's almost desperate to heal as it was. " The assistant corrected the edema here, saying, "... It seems that this case has also come to an end ... I didn't think that the pig's slaughter case would end up in such a tragedy ... No. It was my omission. This girl probably committed suicide. I mean ... Anyway, let's go to the Tohosha for the time being as we talk while walking ... That relative, this cute girl's death << If you see "Shinizama", you'll surely be crazy ... "
With that said, the assistant walked through the last mystery of this strange incident-that is, the motivation of the Tohosha's relatives to steal the pig, with his excellent intuition. I started talking briefly about what I said.
No, students.
However, the intuition of the assistant was fortunate or unfortunate. And the correctness of the matter is finally revealed by the suicide note addressed to "Osa Izumi" of the "funeral" Tomurai "locomotive", which was soon discovered in the pocket of the daughter by the coroner. It was done.
So, that girl's letter ... Actually, I have it now ... No, rather than repeating the story of the assistant, I saw this letter even more. Let's do it. And first of all, it's very hard for me to talk about the assistant's face-to-face explanations [# "doing"] again from my mouth. That's because the story is a painful memory that had a fatal blow to my past in the first place ... Now, this letter that seems to be "Kitana" ... Please have a look. ......

[# Indent from here]
Nostalgic Osasen-sama.
The concubine "I" sits with Toyo, the only daughter of Tohosha. By the time you read this letter, the concubine has gone to a country that doesn't know anything embarrassing. So I think the concubine can say anything. Please listen to my story.
The concubine has been sitting happily since childhood. The concubine's house didn't have much money, so the concubine's father and mother didn't make her happy like the children of Yoso. Therefore, the concubine couldn't see a doctor enough even when he had a small scratch on his right leg in the nineteenth year, four years ago. Then, a bikin entered from the scratch, and the concubine got a disease called erysipelas. However, I was surprised to see a doctor, so the illness was soon cured, but about half a year later, I got a illness called Saihatsu Tandoku, which was very similar to the previous illness. This time it didn't heal easily. And the concubine suffered a terrifying illness called elephant hibyo, and the concubine's legs were so very invisible to humans, which made it hard to see. The doctor said he wouldn't die, but he wouldn't heal. And as spring and autumn approach each year, the concubine's legs will swell even worse, so sit down.
Nostalgic Osasen-sama.
What a concubine is a happy woman. The concubine wanted to slap his father and mother. But from that time on, my father's and mother's concubines changed completely.
My father was already crazy about it, and now he takes good care of his concubine. My mother was crazy saying that I'm sorry for my concubine every day. Oh, and my mother really went crazy.
It was a cold, rainy autumn night three years ago. The crazy mother left the house barefoot and was finally killed by a train under the overpass.
But nostalgic Osasen-sama.
The train operator at that time was Takao << you >>, so I will sit down. And what a kind man you say! For Tamashii, the mother of the concubine, Takao folded the wreath. And after that, every time I pulled a person, I came to the concubine's house to buy a wreath. What a beautiful heart!
But ah nostalgic Osasen-sama.
The concubine first saw him at the store, and since then he has become so fond of him that he can no longer forget him even for a short while. Soon my father noticed the feeling of a concubine. By that time, he was crazy about his concubine, so when Takao came to buy a wreath, my father took as much effort as possible to make it. It was.
But I miss Osasen.
The concubine has a hard-to-see body, so I gradually start to complain that I can't get any closer to your side, and I feel short and selfish in the sun. I wonder how many times I had my father stand at the gate to see the concubine of Takao, who only came to buy a wreath a couple of times a year. But every day, every day, I just showed my face from the shadow of the shoji in the back, and I couldn't wait for the concubine to come. Every time I went to buy it, he promised to give me a shoji to a very fine god. Then what about? The very textured god listened to the pitiful concubine's wishes and made sure that you would see him every day. Oh, what a happy concubine at that time! I sing songs every day, talk to my father and Yukai ...
But that was just a matter of time, and the day before, Takao didn't come anymore. And what happened was that my dad said he didn't want to put on a drumstick because he was hit by a drumstick, so I bought only flowers tonight and came home early. And the concubine who couldn't hold back finally started to talk with his father, so he sits down.
And I miss you, Mr. Osasen.
Finally, the concubine is Yotsume Kiri, who makes a hole in the casket board that she had in her hand, and accidentally killed her father, so I'm sitting there.
The concubine has lost the living nozomi. The concubine holds this letter and goes to the country where her mother is in the hands of Takao. There is a wreath in the shop of the concubine's house, which was made in a hurry after the concubine wrote this letter. Please hang the wreath on the train for the poor concubine.
March 17th night
[# End of indentation here]
[# Two letters up from the ground] From Toyo of Tohosha

...... Oh my god, did you read it ... No, as the letter "there" says, when the group of assistants boarded the Tohosha, the daughter's relatives were already hearted from the flanks. It was getting cold as if I was squeezing into a coffin that was being built, with a big cone being thrust at me ...
No, student--
...... This made me feel like I was retiring from earning railroads, and why every year on March 18th, the anniversary of my daughter's death in Juhosha, I went to the communal graveyard in H city. I think you know if you're going to visit the grave ... Oh yeah ... I think you already know, but in fact, I'm Izumi Nagata, the "Osa Izumi" of the "Funeral Tomurai locomotive" ... No, I'm talking for a long time. Thank you ... Apparently, it seems that you are approaching the botsubotsu H station ... Then, I'm sorry for this.
[# With ground] ("Profuru" September 1945 issue)



Bottom book: "Tomurai locomotive" Kokusho Kankokai
May 25, 1992 (Heisei 4) First edition first print issued
Parent of the original: "Death's fast-paced ship" Profuurusha
First edition issued in 1936 (Showa 11)
First appearance: "Profuru" Profurusha
September 1934 (Showa 9) issue
* The bottom book is a large scale of "ga" (ward number 5-86) used for counting things and place names.
Input: Susumu Ohno
Calibration: Takashi Kawayama
Created on November 12, 2008
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
