Tonarigumi Cultural Movement
Kunio Kishida

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

/ \: Double dance character (repeated symbol in the shape of a vertically lengthened "ku")
(Example) It / ″ \
* Double the dance character with dakuten is "/" \ "
-------------------------------------------------- -----

A round-table conference on the "Tonarigumi Cultural Movement" was held centered on the Imperial Rule Assistance Association Culture Department. The problem is that the management of the neighborhood association must be dispelled by cultural considerations-where, depending on the character of the Tonarigumi, there is probably a lot of cultural elements. The momentum of the Zukara Saifu movement has started, but on the contrary, the less cultural elements there are, the more difficult it is to foster momentum, despite the need for it. It is a matter of fact that it must be done.
The attendees are those with the titles of the chairman of the neighborhood, their officers, and the leader of the neighborhood, all of whom are experts in cultural profession. Opinions were mixed, but what I especially felt through this roundtable was that the professional intelligence of the people was generally idealistic rather than directly useful for the management of neighborhood associations and neighbors. The passion and conscience of these people, and the subtleties of dealing with real problems-the insight of human psychology and the richness of life emotions are unknowingly unknowing. It is said that it may become a strength to induce general voluntary cooperation without ending the office work.
The starting point of the cultural movement is really here, and even if some kind of practical movement, which was required as a national policy, belongs to the "material" or "economic" problem, it should be considered. I always believe that one aspect of the "cultural movement" must be added to this in order to make it thorough and effective one after another. In other words, it is simply called "the charm of expression." There is absolutely no such thing as the word Aya, but it is absolutely necessary to bring the human heart into contact with each other and to express it with a beautiful sympathy.
The purpose of the wartime cultural movement must be to strengthen the vitality as well as the region. Apart from that, there is no mere culture or entertainment. And the strengthening of vitality cannot be obtained simply by a passive measure that is temporarily terrible. By all means, I think that the goal should be far away, and if it is a Tonarigumi, it should be directed to the family of the Tonarigumi, and if it is a neighborhood association, it should be directed to the localization of the town. For the first time, I think that the solution of a concrete problem that gathers the patience and ingenuity of individuals, families, and neighbors will be born, and it is like construction.
Therefore, in reality, we started by encouraging each other to raise cultural professionals living in the same town and creating a mindset to do something for the town, not necessarily an officer of the neighborhood association. Even if it doesn't happen, it is important to be willing to give appropriate suggestions to the neighborhood association, participate in the project if necessary, and establish a cooperative system that can help a part of the project.



Bottom book: "Kunishi Kishida Complete Works 26" Iwanami Shoten
Issued on October 8, 1991 (Heisei 3)
Parent of the original: "Asahi Shimbun"
April 13, 1943 (Showa 18)
First appearance: "Asahi Shimbun"
April 13, 1943 (Showa 18)
* The title when it first appeared was "Tonarigumi Cultural People-Tonarigumi Cultural Movement".
Input: tatsuki
Proofreading: Hiroshi Kadota
Created April 19, 2010
Revised April 14, 2016
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
