The bride next door
Sachio Ito

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Manzou << Manzou >>

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Now | Yabu Uguisu

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) [# Raise one character from the ground]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

One

"Manzou Manzou, Shosaku Shosaku, that's exactly what it is. Come on, get up. It's about time I got another job over there or next door. What should I do when I'm sleeping in the morning?
While opening the shutters of the front room, the elder sister of the usual difficulty screams. The ministry raised his head with his sleepy eyes crumpled, but he straddled it on his pillow. To make my sister think she's awake, she puts her head on a pillow, but screams in her mouth.
The door of the lower room 《Servant》 makes a vigorous sound, and soon a few shutters in the garden make a sound of pushing each other at a time. Honestly, Manzou will be swayed by his sister, and as usual, he will be half-naked and slammed the shutters soon after he tightens his obi.
"Good morning, old man. The weather has changed unexpectedly."
It's a full voice.
"Manzou, I'm going to dry the paddy in the morning today, so please sweep the garden right away."
My sister has already told me to work. Manzou thinks that he hasn't washed his face yet and isn't wearing a kimono, so people don't often say that. In this case, I can't wait another five minutes to get up. The ministry is about to get up, and it's still crisp in the nightwear. It's a quick wake-up call, but it's hard to get up soon. My shoulders hurt, my lower back hurts, and my arthropods and arthropods both squeak and hurt. It looks like it's going to be a big hit. When it happens, the ministry says one word to scold himself and tries to get up with great inspiration, but he can't get up. He is also struggling to lie down with his forehead on the pillow for a while.
The ministry was very sloppy. Yesterday, when I harvested rice yesterday, I was bullied by women, and I suffered so much that I was so sick that I couldn't help myself.
"A peasant is ah ... Ah, ridiculous, my back hurts and I can't get up. Ah, ah."
The ministry still couldn't happen and listened to the feelings of the people in the house.
Manzou seems to be sweeping the garden, and my sister is sweeping the tatami room from corner to corner with a palm broom. My sister is really working. What did my sister do? I didn't walk in the tatami room, but I didn't walk. I step on and walk. I can't sleep because I'm not awake. Even if my sister wakes up twice, the ministry hasn't happened yet, so she sweeps the tatami room a little bit and roughly. At Kamadoya, the younger daughter, Gejo, began to burn fire. Since the bean husk "Mamegara" is struck, it makes a crackling sound. The chicken also gets off and flaps its wings. Kouko hen "Mendori" crows. When I thought that I should finally get up for the ministry,
"What is this ministry ... ministry ... Is it still asleep even after the door is opened? Is there something that a young person is sick of work and is sleeping in the morning?"
Because there was a front to my sister, my mother still screamed.
"Mom will wake up soon if she doesn't wake up so hard."
"I'm gonna get up soon. Where's the one I'm sleeping until now. I'm in trouble. That's why I have to go to my son-in-law to work."
"It's started again. If you go to your son-in-law, you'll feel like you're your son-in-law."
"I'll give you an extraordinary reply."
Although he would give an answer if he said a little bit, the ministry was not so stupid that he didn't know his mother's pain. The more carefree the ministry is, the more worried my mother is in front of the things in the house. The merciful mother's small words do not make any sense of the ministry.
"Everyone starts work like that once. What's sick? When you get into work clothes and tighten your body, the pain disappears."
Even so, my mother seemed to think that something was wrong, so I turned to the back of the ministry and looked up, but it seems that the elbows and necks of both hands are slightly swollen, but after all it was swelled. Must be.
"I don't know, but I have a ridiculous backache. A ridiculous peasant."
"What are you going to do because the peasant is ridiculous and the child of the peasant is a peasant? Look at that Fujiyoshi" Toukichi "and Gorosuke" Gorosuke ". "
I went to the kitchen without hearing that the ministry was not so good, and it was terrible to be with Fujiyoshi's bastard and Gorosuke.
I touched the chilly air, washed my face with the well water I wanted to fill, and finally realized the saving work. It's been a little hard, but it still hurts. I didn't know until I woke up, but when I woke up and walked, my crotch root hurts a lot. You can't walk very upright. The ministry was finally about toddling and walking to the Idobata. The maiden's mother is gently looking sideways and laughing.
"This is a good idea to add rice quickly ..."
"Because I was caught in rice harvesting and my body hurts, I can't help it, hahahahahaha."
"I don't want to use it in front of the idiot ..."
The ministry was so sick that I wondered if rice could be harvested today, but even my maiden laughed at me, so I argued with my mother, but I never said that it would hurt anything else.
The ministry is nineteen this year. I'm young at the rate of the year, but my body is more than average. When I saw it with a soft sound, there was no one who could sympathize with anyone until I bought a mischievous ridicule. It's a story that everyone says so.
The ministry is now wondering what it is. With today's rice harvesting, I wonder why it's painful to crawl into the rice fields. The ministry is nourishing by standing in the well for a while. About two minutes east of the well, there is a bamboo grove outside, and there is a four-eyed fence that is just shaped. Now in the bush, the bush warbler is singing in a small voice. Under the fence, the whiskers of the dragon grow thick, and the indescribable beautiful fruits of the blue balls are spelled between the black bushes. The fruit of the dragon's beard is actually beautiful in color. I can't even say it. Should I say that it is vividly moisturized? There are many red fruits on the winter blue "Ilex" tree that has embarked from the bush. I miss the astringent vermilion "Shuiro", which is an old-fashioned color with no taste. The ministry was associated with the ball, remembering the father, and smiling with a gentle face.
"There is one, there is one. There is one father."
The ministry said in one word, he picked up three or four dragon beard balls. I put it on my palm and I am fascinated by its beauty and its beauty.
"Otoyo is a really kind person."
In a word, I was looking at the ball.
Although the body of the ministry is big, it's a peasant from this year after finishing junior high school this spring, so it's easy to handle whatever you do. The rice harvesting yesterday was quite miserable. I can't beat anyone. The fourteen babies were almost defeated. In fact, I lost.
"Ministry, it's a mowing."
With a shout like that, I was rubbed by the fourteen swords.
"Damn ... Is it something you lose to the front?"
Although I managed to cut the work in the daytime as hard as I could, I couldn't help it around 23:00 in the afternoon. While smiling, looking at the hand of the ministry,
"What will the ministry give me if I lose?"
"If you lose, I'll do whatever you like."
"I'm sure"
"It's okay, I don't realize I'm going to lose."
In such a condition, the ministry was exhausted due to the joke 《Jodan》 and seriously. While I was looking away, my father quickly put in only thirty straws of the ministry and helped me, so I finally got the surface. I didn't have to lose, but that's why I actually lost only thirty.
The ministry was immediately called to be confused here, so when I was trying to avoid the line of sight of the things at home for a while, Ohama came to the water.
"Ministry, I'm sure I'll beat you today."
"No, I can't lose even with one hand in the foreground."
"Let's make it sloppy"
"Yeah, yaro"
Ohama laughed hahaha and drew water.
"Hama ... If anyone calls me, I'll say I'm in the bathroom."
"No, I'm standing in the back field."
"This Amame"
For the ministry, he played with the toilet plan by the usual means, went out to the mulberry field of the back door, and avoided convening for a while. My brother called me steadily, but I was able to rest my bones for about 20 minutes because Hama-ko did it well.
Morning dew and dripping mulberry fields, next vegetable fields, radish fields, new bluish grace, wide rows of yellow rice fields, and slightly colored autumn colors of Toyama, The morning smoke is pale blue in the village at the foot of the mountain, and it flutters far away, and the sky is deeply clear with a brilliant color. He also often participates in the unification of nature. The ministry also joined the one in nature "Ichibutsu" and was assimilated by its great power, and a part of that power passed through my body and my spirit and returned to a new life. I have a feeling like that. I'm happy and happy to be able to harvest rice today by playing with dads, ohamas, and people who are fine and energetic, and who are not as hateful as the tips of their hair.
The sun hasn't appeared on the horizon yet, but some people in the neighboring village are pulling horses. Some pull carts. Beyond the balance, squeeze something like a furoshiki on your shoulders, lightly hang it on your shoulders, and talk cheerfully to your loud voice. Everything that passes through seems to be a giant slalom wave, and I finally feel that something is coming to my mind.
The ministry completely forgot about the tiredness of the legs and legs, and praised the whole body with vitality, and came out to the table where everyone was working.

Two

"Ministry work You've got a sickle. You shouldn't have just called four in Asamee in the morning. Where did you go when you called me that way?" . What's wrong with my stomach ... If I get to work properly, most things will be fixed. What happens if I hang out in the morning in this busy place? "
"Short-cut toilets are sometimes long and troublesome. It's hard to start learning work, but it can't be helped because it's anyone. Next year, I won't lose to anyone."
The elder brother and his wife couldn't rest their limbs at all while saying a small word. If you think that it is quite difficult to start learning work, even if you think that you may think a little, you can not talk to your brother or sister, ask your brother or sister to talk to your mother If you say something, it will happen a lot. This is not the case in any home, but parents and siblings feel very different. It is finally difficult for my brother to have a wife and be an old brother. In particular, provincial homes have long had a difficult family habit.
The ministry is ready to take off the sickle. My brother uses a big wall insert to carry the paddy from the storehouse to the garden, whispering with a habit. Later, my sister spreads the paddy and goes around. Manzou lays straw mats from corner to corner in the garden and arranges straw mats on top of it. The paddy is dried on this. The garden, which is laid out with about 60 sheets, has already spread the paddy on the six-minute street.
The ministry is to bring water to the chozubachi, sit on the sill of the eaves, take off one skin, and remove the scrubbing sickle. Shosaku is a man who has a strange hobby, even if he is a child of a farmer.
The morning sun came in from the shade of the forest. At first, a slight shadow casts on the paper of the shoji. The shape of the shadow of an object is not clear. However, the colors in between are the most beautiful. It's almost like a transparent gold color. It has strengths, brilliance, and color. The color is so lively that it is not fixed at all. It shines once and becomes thinner and thinner. When the shape of the leaves and the shape of the little bird are clearly visible, it becomes a very calm and quiet atmosphere.
The ministry was fascinated by the interesting sight, forgetting me. It seems that the hand that picks up the sickle is just moving mechanically. Ohama works in the kitchen, singing a small song with a truly painless voice. Most of the older brothers and Manzou are moving in an orderly manner, like live instruments. In the eyes of the ministry, it seems that the people of the house are working in almost the same way as the meaning of the sun's rays moving forward. The ministry is just fun.
People who write books about things in Tokyo seem to think that the countryside is just a carefree life, but in reality it is imagined by a metropolitan person. It's not like that. If you're a lazy person, you don't know what to do, and when it comes to autumn, such as a serious and serious peasant, it's quite busy and terrifying.
If you are lazy, even a woman will look down on you. You can't get love or money unless you work. Even in a family, if there is one lazy person in the house, it almost breaks the peace of the family. Instead, when working as a family, it's not as painful as you can see the bald labor. It's busy in the morning and evening, and when the floodgate "Minato" turns white, it's hard to work until it leans to the west of the three stars, but there's a lot of fun that can't be said again.
Of course, each << each >> likes and likes, but also sings and puns. There is some reluctance inside the house, such as rumored love and true love, but when working outside, there is no need for reluctance or foolishness. Sometimes, even if there is a gap between 3 and 4 chomes, when working in the same rice field while looking at the figures of people who are thinking from each other in the distance I don't even remember my work. If you work side by side with a person you don't hate, you won't have any trouble in your work. Aside from the feelings of good-colored love, if you work together at home, you will feel good about each other, and it is a kind of fun or hobby that arises from the so-called harmony of the family.
If the ministry took off one skin and began to sharpen the sickle, there would be no more difficult parts on the faces of the older brother and his wife, and a cheerful story would come out. Even my mother came out to "Hashijika" and matched everyone's story. As long as the ministry works well, my mother has a wide shoulder and is always happy with the things at home. There is no reason to be filial to a benevolent parent.
"If you mow today tomorrow, the day after tomorrow will be a quick mowing. What's the celebration of the mowing?
That is my brother. While I was smiling and saying nothing about the ministry,
"I'm going to make sushi rather than mochi. I've done mochi once, and now I have to use sushi.
"I'm either ..."
"You can't say that. My brother and Manzou are always stuck with mochi, so I don't want you to be a sushi. I and Ohama are sushi and there are two mochi, so I'm saving. If it becomes a sushi, there are many people here, so it will be a sushi ... "
The ministry still laughed and did not say right or left. Manzou says his grandmother is in favor of mochi. My sister says that her grandmother doesn't harvest rice, so she can't count the number of decisions. Each person in charge is laughing at the story while working without loosening his hands, and the work progresses steadily while it is lively. Around the time when the ministry picked up the four sickles, the paddy-dried paddy had a paragraph. It has been said that Ohama is ready.
Yesterday, three people came from here and harvested the rice in the next house. Today, three neighbors come and harvest the rice here. Young people like to work in large numbers and lively, so it's a common practice during a busy period.
There are 3 people from the neighbor, 5 people from the house, and 8 people from the house, but my brother turns to the direction of frying rice, so there are 7 reapers, and if you cut 500 by yourself, you can cut 3,500. It should be, but the ministry and the elder brother cannot be cut for one person yet. The two are told to mow 400 pieces at a time. It is said that it is pitiful for a six-shaku-sized man to team up with Ohama in the ministry. Then my sister sneers at me to mow 500 or 600. Ohama says that if the ministry cuts 500, I will cut 500. Ohama says that today he will beat the ministry to buy something.
"If I lose to Ohama, I'll buy anything, but what if you lose to me?"
"If I lose, I'm sure I'll give you something, so please decide from the ministry."
"That's right, if I lose, I'll give you a crack plaster."
"Oh, make a fool of people ... If I lose, give me a plaster to the ministry. Hahahaha."
Even though it is work clothes, young people have their own looks. The ministry is careless, and the white melence soldier's obi is a little new, but the jacket is used, but the half-collar and obi are tailored. Even though the Merence Yuzen item "Hin" is not bad, I hang an egg-colored sash. She is a little girl with a slender height and a white color. There is only one thing to climb the problem of Ichimura, the back view wearing a white towel. The place where Manzou is not in my eyes is very reliable. It may seem nice to be teased by the ministry, but when it comes to work, it's okay to try hard to beat the ministry.
Mr. Sei and Mr. Kiyoshi's bag will be a little later than Mr. Kiyoshi. Otoyo never walks with Kiyoshi. Good morning, each one was exchanged for "Tende", and yesterday, the weather was nice and so on, and it was exchanged for "What", and it became so lively that it was fascinating. Otoyo-san was able to have a complexion that didn't even come to the front of the garden, but he immediately returned to his original mellow complexion with three words and four words.
Mr. Otoyo was just as he wanted, and it was refreshing to see everything firmly and crisply. Ohama worships Otoyo-san without a second, and imitates Otoyo-san from anything to anything. As soon as he saw him coming, he went out to the garden to welcome him, stared at him from the top to the bottom of his wind, and eventually his thing. Ask and see what this is and why. It is said that the father is nineteen, but since he is a courageous woman, he does not look like a woman twenty years ago. As a woman, she's too strong, but she's not at all horny. It seems that the face of the white woman is colored red. It seems that the mouth always sipped "Beni". The obi and half-collar are supple, unlike yesterday, with a lot of black hair turned over and ginkgo biloba. By all means, Mr. Kiyoshi, who is next to him, is too much for his wife. I feel sorry for the fact that my father's face doesn't float.
"Short work, no matter how much you can't get a job, you can't lose to a woman because of that body. If you don't care, your job won't get stronger forever."
Mother noticed and encouraged saving work. As usual, the ministry answers with a laugh. Eventually, eight people are ready and go to the destination. The wind of Otoyo-san and Ohama is certainly noticeable. Some praise it for being a beautiful harvester, while others mock it. I hear that the Ohama guy is strange because he is interested in Shosaku-san. I saw someone who was swearing, but I didn't know who he was. Otoyo-san is walking with his eyes down, without shaking his eyes. My sister suddenly
"Otoyo-san, thanks to my house, I'll be reaping the day after tomorrow. When next to me ..."
"Even with me ..."
"At home, we decided to change the mochi from mochi to sushi. What is Otoyo-san?"
"I heard that it's mochi here. I don't like mochi."
"Then, Otoyo-san, come home the day after tomorrow."
"If that's the case, when the ministry goes to eat rice cake next to him and Toyo comes to eat sushi at home, no."
This kind of thing hasn't happened yet.
"I just eat from the morning."
That said, my brother moved the Sugai straw on his back from his right shoulder to his left shoulder. The next bag and Manzou talk about something interesting and make a big laugh. Kiyoshi walks around with his hands and nose. The father looks unpleasant and looks sideways.
This year's rice production has been the first since three or four years. One grass of late rice is made in a rice field that is organized in one town with thirty bales. It is so fat that it is not a handful of stocks. Due to the weight of the ears, they lie down on one of them. The elder brother and his wife stand on the shore and look at them with a feeling of comfort. The west wind is causing the rice to head east, so start harvesting from the west.
Ohama wanted to mow alongside the ministry, but it was hindered by the unfriendly Manzou, and he went to Manzou with his sister on the top of the Buddha. Otoyo absolutely refuses to line up with her husband, and is lined up with the ministry. After all, the ministry is a flower actor here. It's a shame to lose when I start mowing side by side, even if it's a gentle ministry, and I'm trying my best to mow my face like fire. Manzou is singing a song by himself. Otoyo is good at everything and is strong in the work of peasants. While smiling, he doesn't get his hands dirty and doesn't sweat, and he cuts it as a crumple, but he cuts more with a ratio of 4 | Even if you look at the ministry by competing for bruxism, most of the fathers are children. With a smile, Otoyo cuts ten or twenty ministry-produced sugai. Ohama is, after all, fourteen little girls. I don't even notice the gesture of the father. Manzou gets tired of singing alone,
"Ohamasaa sing. I wonder if I'm singing today."
No one is happy anymore. There isn't much to talk about, just the sound of the sickle smashing. Kiyoshi is chatting with his bag in a whisper. Manzou yawns while
"It's no good because everyone has sex appeal. If there is a ministry, both Otoyo and Hama are singing."
Manzou is unabashedly saying such a thing and making a muddy laugh. In fact, as Manzou says, Otoyo doesn't take the plunge when there is a ministry. I'm not good at talking from the beginning, so even if I work side by side for half a day, I can't speak well, so I thought that today's rice harvesting would be very lively. It is. However, although it is not lively on the surface, the hearts of the father and the mother are so lively that they cannot remember the passage of time.
Of course, I still don't realize that the man is thinking about himself, but from the perspective of having some experience in that kind of place, the man who isn't too afraid of people approached the ministry anyway. I can't help but keep an eye on the appearance of being restrained and unable to talk, despite the fact that there is a rut. It's strange to work and be afraid of someone who has nothing to think about and who doesn't mind being so awkward. It can be seen that harvesting and helping rice is with or without heart, but it is not seen as something to do.
The afternoon was a little similar. The older brother and his wife are enthusiastic about the quality of the rice, and do not pay attention to the handicap of young people. At the end of the night, the rice fields in a large town were cut cleanly, and the rice was assembled like a great wall as long as the shore. Thanks to my father, I wasn't tired enough to crawl around, and I didn't have to worry about shame. It would have been a fuss if Ohama knew the behavior of Otoyo-san, but at last Ohama didn't know it. It's not just good, it seems that no one knew.
"If you mow about today, you'll be able to save a lot of work."
This is also known from my sister's compliment. I thought that the ministry of the child was also moved by the kindness of the father and was a great person from the bottom of my heart. If he wasn't his wife, he might have received that kindness in the sense of love, but the ministry that he had never fallen in love with his raw daughter, Kimusume, is still a subtlety of his father. I haven't had enough experience to notice it for the first time.
Originally, the two houses harvested rice each other this fall, but it was already a plan that was understood as a ministry of the father. Otoyo-san is a generous and enthusiastic woman who fits her age, and since she is a hungry person, she can be said to be a woman who can't imitate her naturally.
Thinking this way, the father had just achieved his goal, and there was no unification in today's rice harvesting. To harvest rice, you only have to harvest as much rice as you want, but from the point of view of your interest in work, you have to have an interest other than work in that you harvest two houses together, but this time you will be harvesting rice. Was missing. Mr. Kiyoshi was just working on people in a sloppy manner, and neither Manzou nor Ohama nor Kiyoshi's bag was interesting. My brother and his wife, who are just thinking about their personality and trying to get everyone to do their jobs, have completely different feelings. I don't wonder if everyone did an interesting job. So I don't think this is boring. It's just that many young people want to do it, so don't say anything wrong with it. Others are not. I thought it would be interesting if there were a lot of people, so we harvested this rice together, but it seemed that everyone's hearts were facing each other, so it wasn't particularly interesting. So by the end of today, Kiyoshi, Manzou, and Ohama complained that they were boring without arguing.
That should be it. It was like everyone was making a noise for one dad, so to speak, everyone was ridiculed by the dad. I didn't realize that anyone was fooling me, but I wasn't interested because the facts were that. Of course, it wasn't that he had any bad feelings such as making a fool of people, but in other words, he didn't care about everyone's spirits and was only concerned about his own secrets, so unification with everyone. I couldn't get it. He always sang with a very good voice, and he lacked unity because he didn't sing at all about what happened to the dad who is the center of the group everywhere today. I don't care about Kiyo-san and Kiyo-san's bags, as if something went wrong or it wasn't unusual. If there was no father in this rice harvesting, it would have been possible to unify it with other people. Such an old man sounds like a selfish woman, but the one who has the power to unify people must also break that unification.
The ministry, which doesn't notice the secret of the father at all, doesn't know himself today, but he is drawn around by the father like the boy of the wooden figure. I felt like the sun had set.

Three

Today was the day of harvesting, but it has been heavy rain since the morning. Of course, the work of the field cannot be done. Tansei Isshin's older brother and his wife also seemed to be somewhat slow this morning, and the way to open the shutters was not as rough as usual. The ministry was also laid down until my mother came and woke me up. When the ministry woke up, the sound of rice smashing in the soil, which was probably full, echoed in good condition. If I stayed at home in the rain, it wouldn't be a rope, so I thought that the ministry was good in my stomach, but I woke up well.
I'd like to take a rest today, but I'm afraid that I'll come to rest during this introduction, and if the ministry works well, my mother realizes that I'm at home and the food is good. When I think about it, I don't want to take a rest.
"What are you doing today?"
"Yeah, it can't be helped, even if it's a rope."
"What does your brother do? Let's moisten the straw together if you want to squeeze the rope."
"Yeah, I knit a bale, let Hama-ko also make a rope."
For the ministry, moisten the straw for one's own and for the public, and hit it before breakfast. Ohama is washing the kitchen while singing a small song with an unprecedented voice. My sister said that she couldn't clean the house enough on such a day, so she made a rattling noise and raged around every corner of the house. A diligent person puts effort into cleaning.
Breakfast is over. Manzou is a rice paddy, his brother is Ami Tawara, he doesn't have a ministry and Ohama, and his sister is a rag repairer for his mother. From the perspective of harvesting rice, it's like resting. The prince of Masa over there also came with straw.
"Please join us. Oh, I don't have a rope ... I'm grateful. I wanted to do it again where I could see him again ..."
"Ah, Masa-san, come here. Well, Duke, you've come a lot ..."
"Oh no"
Ohama stood up and moved to the right hand of the ministry. Masa-san smiles and sits on the left hand of the ministry.
"Yesterday's rice harvesting was lively. I fell in love with Ohama-san. Hahahahaha."
Mr. Masa is good at talking and is very good at talking depending on the case. He draws people into the story by mixing the humorous words "Jodan" and earnestly. Masa-san praises Otoyo-san when he sees Ohama's face from time to time.
"It's a bit disrespectful to praise another woman in front of a woman, but hey, ohama-san, ohama-san is a big boy."
Ohama looks aside and cannot be a partner. Masa-san talks to everyone with a migration. It rains and rains outside, and some people may be walking without enduring the loneliness of this sad rain, while others may be muffled. It doesn't matter what the mercy of autumn is in the garden of the family Waraku. When the serious story of his brother's life is over, Manzou tells a funny story and makes him laugh. The story will be about Otoyo again. Masa-san turned to her face
"I'm really sorry for my dad. It's no wonder he's at Seiroku. It sounds so bad, but Seiroku is too slow. Even my dad has a bag. Say, I'm sorry for Seiroku's gambling and gambling. I'm sorry for my father. I heard that he's only half as tall as his village. My dad is very next to me. "
"You don't know what's going on when you say that, because as long as that working man is there, you won't be in trouble."
My brother is saying that he is not glossy.
"It seems that he is trying hard to put his father in the house. Still, this section is a story that he can't get rid of. It's impossible to ask him to do it."
Ohama suddenly made a stuffy voice in her throat
"What should I do if my father is gone?"
"Otoyo-san won't go away. What's going on? It's just a story."
"Is that so"
It is interesting to praise my brother's father.
"Oh, I love Otoyo. That person is a good example of a young woman in the village. That's because Otoyo has a good work style. It's a big deal to do. It's a work that you can hold your hands in that figure, with a dyed navy blue Kasuri cloth and a Yuzen sash tightly tightened. . It's great that young people look like work because work is important for everyone. It's a big deal to make it sticky on holidays. I'm imitating. I have to be a master at work like a man. "
"No, this and my husband said something good. Ohama asks her husband to buy anything, whether it's an obi or a kimono."
The ministry was just a laughing companion and I couldn't talk at all. Manzou has lifted another bale of rice. My brother lifts up the four bales. The ministry's work is still a member of Ohama, and both of them are inseparable without two straws. My brother should be working all over the house.
"Hama-ko, you don't have to make so much money. When the weather is good, you work hard, and on a day like this, you have a rest. This is good. "Sweet potatoes" but boiled "
Ohama goes to Kamadoya. I thought about saving. I thought my brother was the only person who couldn't understand the fact that he was very meticulous and difficult, but I understand today's story. I see, this is the case. This is interesting. I think it's good that everyone works in this way. When it comes to rural life, it's not a true rural hobby to see the hard work of a farmer and hang out and watch what the farmer made. I see, I will be a farmer. I didn't really want to be a peasant because I thought it would be a pain, but when I think about it, my brother really says it. Become a peasant Let's become a peasant. When I think about it, I see, Otoyo is a good woman. The year is the same, but it is different from our monks. So Dad is really kind. The ministry reminded me of yesterday's father's appearance. Masa-san is also true. I feel sorry for my father to be married next to me. Indeed, as Masa says, it may not be next door. When I think about it, I feel that my father is strangely nostalgic and I don't want to part with him.
"Mr. Shosaku, talk a little. I'm thinking about something. Hahahaha."
The ministry was shocking, but as usual, it turned to Masa-san with a gentle laugh. Masa-san laughed cheerfully and ended up with three ropes. Before two ministry works were completed, Masa-san had three. Manzou takes the second bale of rice out of the storehouse and puts it in a mortar. Ohama put the potatoes in a pot and put them in the hearth. After that, I asked my grandmother to do it again.
Manzou moderately put rice in the mortar, returned the bales to the original storehouse, and while sitting on the mortar and listening to people for a while, he made an out-of-tune voice.
"Today, I'm going to get a treat from the ministry. I saw some proof."
People were excited about the unexpected story of Manzou, and all at once greeted the story of Manzou with a laugh.
"There may be something wrong with Shosaku-san. Manzou-kun, talk early. If Shosaku-san also buys, you'll be ready to do that again."
Manzou cut a heavy mouth at the prompt of Mr. Masa.
"Otoyoshia is in love with the ministry."
"Now, it may be interesting. What kind of evidence did you see, Mr. Manzou. I wonder if Mr. Shosaku should be like this."
Mr. Masa, who is talkative, takes the word "Aikoto" in a funny way.
"What do you want to get rid of?"
Although the ministry said so, my face came out mysteriously. Manzou looks like he's in trouble when he says something out of the ordinary.
"Yesterday's rice harvesting was a saving work, and I was able to get it. I saw it with me. The goodness is a side of the saving work. You must be in love with me. "
Ohama gazed at the Manzou. The ministry is already red,
"It's a lie. It's a lie. I'm not very good at harvesting rice, so I'm sure he helped me, but that's the kindness of him. I fell in love with anything. There's nothing wrong with that. What do you mean by a fool? "
Although I made an excuse for the ministry, it was awkward. Not only that, but it seems that my father has such a heart, so my face was finally hot and my heart was screaming. Manzou doesn't have any more work to say, so he hurries to squeeze out the rice. Masa-san is finally excited,
"I don't know. It's not cheap to be seen by Manzou-san, anyway, Shosaku-san is a good deal. Yeah, my wife, Nyobo, isn't cheap to fall in love with a woman. , Mr. Shosaku …… ”
My brother has a difficult face that he would never be able to join in such a story. Masa notices his brother's face and pulls in the story he said. Suddenly there was a shoji screen in the hearth and my mother appeared.
"Manzou"
"Hah"
"You said about your father now."
"Hah"
I think Manzou has become a big deal, it's pale and my eyes are moisturized.
"I don't know what you saw, but my father is the daughter-in-law next to you. I think the ministry of the house is the body that I'm going to sell. It's not something like that. I'll ask you, so don't say that from now on. "
"Haa"
Manzou is already afraid, and there is no excuse. Honest Manzou regrets saying that he flew from the truth, but he appears on his face without hiding. My mother can't help but apologize for the silent apology that Manzou is full of honesty, but she still strongly reminds Manzou to resonate with it.
"Hey Manzou, if you can make such a rumor even a little, it will be really troublesome for your father and for saving work. Even if you forget it, you will say such a thing.
"Haa"
The thing became serious and the story became extinguished. Then, rumor has it that it's a shadow, and apparently there is a voice of Mr. Otoyo. From the back door of Kamadoya
"Please excuse me from the back door"
When the usual clear voice like the sound of phosphorus was heard, the father soon appeared in the garden. Smile,
"Well, it's lively .... It's annoying weather. Is it your grandmother? Oh yeah, thank you for your feast."
The person who had been the only problem until now suddenly came in, so everyone was stunned and self-defeated. As expected, Masa-san cannot say that he had been rumored about you until now, but he is trying to make a rope with all his heart. The dad went up to the one with his sister, saying his love to everyone. It seems that he came to borrow some equipment.
It was said that the potatoes were boiled before long, so my sister came down with her father. Make a ring and eat potatoes. A woman who stands up a little has a mysterious light, or if she comes here for a while, she will be the center of this place for a while. The eyes of everyone who doesn't know it gather at the father.
The chin was warm and glossy, and the face of Yokiotoyo was somewhat heavy. Even if the very talkative Masa-san's mystery says something that seems to have been teased in the shadows, he can't say a single joke because he's completely face-to-face. Ohama first heard that he was interested in saving work, and he felt like he was closer to him, so he leaned against him's lap. I'm looking up at Toyo's face. The ministry intentionally stands out of the circle and eats potatoes. Masa-san is constantly looking at him and trying to discover something about his actions against the ministry, but Masa-san seems to be distracted by such a shallow man. I'm not Yo-san. Otoyo doesn't seem to glance at the ministry. Eventually, Toyo-san told everyone, including his grandmother, that he would come in because he could take a bath early tonight.
Rain doesn't stop even after noon. Manzou went out to play after raising Rokuto's rice. After that, Mr. Kiyoshi also brought straw to the street before noon. When Kiyoshi comes and sees, I can't even talk about him anymore. Masa-san talks to Ohama about things that aren't there and is lively. Even if you don't think about saving, you shouldn't think about it. When I think about it, it's finally a problem for people to think so, so I talk about things that aren't even more obvious, and I act as if I'm sunk and floating in my mouth, but that's not a pattern of ministry. It's strange to look at it.
The father thinks of me, I wonder if it is true that the father with a husband does not have such a thing. Otoyo is a decent person. Those who are much more mature than me. It's a lie to think of me. It's a lie, it must be a lie. First of all, if it were true, Otoyo-san would be an unscrupulous girl, Mero, regardless of appearance. No, is there such a thing? it's a lie. The more I say it's a lie, the more I can think of it. It's not just the next time I harvest rice that my father is kind to me. It was strange to think about it at the Naruto festival. During the nightfall, he put figs into the figs. Oh yeah, when I cut my hand with a sickle when I was harvesting rice the other day, my father generously tore and tied the towel I was wearing. Maybe I'm thinking.
When you come up with it, it is endless. The ministry was a little terrifying, and I was a little upset. I couldn't calm down when I thought I might be suspicious of people. I go to the toilet where I don't want to save the work. You can still think of going to the toilet.
Then, Mr. Otoyo may be thinking about me. Then Otoyo is a bad woman. She is an unscrupulous woman with a husband. It's unreasonable. I think that's the case with the ministry, but it's just a matter of law, and it's a small, weak voice in the corner of the belly. A terrifying, creepy mind, to the sloppy, shabby, hypocritical, patience and patience. No matter how much you close your eyes, you can see the black glossy face of the man with dark eyebrows. An example of a young woman who praised her brother and the woman who went all the way. No matter how much I hate it, there is no response to the so-called bran with nails. Overturning all the vanities of hypocrisy, I raise my head from the bottom of my heart with the joy of my father. No matter how I knead it in my stomach, I don't hate my father. What should I do if my father must be thinking of me? No way, a woman ... I wonder what kind of understanding the father has. No, no, no matter how much the dad is, I don't like a woman with a sword, a wife of a man, no. I finally left the toilet while saying that I didn't like the ministry, but if there was a ministry in my dad, that powerful side of the dad was attached. If I manage to say it, the ministry now says at the bottom of my mouth, I don't like it, it's likely to fly lighter than blowing dust in the palm of my hand. The ministry sighs unknowingly.
When the ministry returned to his seat, Ohama looked at the ministry's face and said something. The ministry is in a hurry
"Hama, do you have any potatoes left? I want to eat potatoes."
"Yes, we have it"
"That's it."
After that, the ministry was a little messy, eating potatoes, roaming cats, and wandering around the house without any use. ..

Four

When the supper was over, my grandmother ‘grandmother’ fell asleep because of the wind. There is a sound of rain on the bamboo of Mt. The sound of drips can be heard. The voice of the next bag over Takeyama.
"My neighbor's husband, the hot water has run out."
"Ah--"
Ohama will answer from Kamadoya. The older brother and his wife were called to the hot water. For the ministry, go to Kozashiki and read today's newspaper. I could read the novel and the miscellaneous news. Then I read the story of Genji, but if I could read it, I couldn't read even one line. For the ministry, hold the book and turn over to look at the ceiling board. You can see the father without seeing the ceiling board.
I wonder if it's better not to go to the hot water tonight. That's right. Let's not go. Whatever you went to No no no go
It ’s better. Yukumai is a ministry of morality, and what you want to go is a ministry of libido. On the one hand, it's better not to go, but on the other hand, I can't control my desire to go.
What if Otoyo secretly came to Yubata and said something? When I think about it, it's creepy, scary, and exciting. The ministry has also had other ears. It's better not to go. Ah, it's going to go. Look at the bottom of your mouth. The heart I want to go does not come out to the bottom of my mouth, and I never say that I want to go, but its power is stuck to the bottom of my stomach like Iwaishi glue, and whatever I do, I leave I don't do that either. When I feel tired and vague at the end,
"It's a ministry work, Eiyu. Please get a little. I'll be waiting next to you."
Although my sister called me, the ministry stood unconsciously. Without thinking about anything, I ran in the darkness of the rain on Takeyama in the back door and went to the next door.
The hot water is installed at the exit of the back door under the eaves of Kamadoya. It's dark, but it's a house I know, so even if I go to the footsteps, I don't have any details. When I came to the front of the bath, the fire in the kettle was burning and I finally found the entrance to the back door. Since the door is open in detail, I went inside while saying that I should not save the work. In the front room, three or four elderly people are talking with a big laugh. I don't know that the ministry has just started. As for the ministry, when I went around to the entrance of the garden, the hokage was reflected on the shoji that had turned red with soot, and it was bright reddish as if through oil paper. Saving work from outside the shoji
"I went out to get hot water tonight."
"Well, is it Mr. Shosaku? Chito, please do your best. Now | There is a big story" Obanashi "."
That is Kiyoshi's bag. Kibei There is also an old woman. Gorobei "Gorobe" There is also an old woman. There was also an old man from Shichibee. It seems that everyone is talking in the hot water. Someone opens a shoji and everyone greets the ministry. Mr. Kiyoshi was messing around in the hearth. Only the father can't see the shadow and can't make a voice. The heart that I think is good and the heart that I feel disappointed at the same time. As the bag says that the hot water is clear, the ministry goes to the bathroom. The bath is burning, but there is a small noise. It smells dirty when you look at it except for the lid. It seems that there are quite a lot of people. For the time being, there is a saving work. If you look at it, the taste is not so much, and the warmth of the time is just right, and after using it for a while, you will be fascinated and empty. I also forget about my father. Perhaps the rain is getting a little stronger, I can hear the sound of rain on the leaves of the castanopsis and the drops of rain echo in the darkness and I feel lonely. I could hear the voice of the tatami room. In the ministry, the back of his head is attached to the edge of the vat, his eyes are closed and he warms up, listening to the story of the tatami room. After all, the heart that tries to hear the voice of the father from the muffled voice is working somewhere in my head. The voice is certainly Mr. Gorobei.
"Sora Kim's 嬶" Kakaa ", yesterday" yesterday "great kyogen" big kyogen "would you like to do it?"
"Where is Kim and his wife?
"But yesterday was really interesting."
"At the temple of the boss of Sadako, the official of that Tsube. In the bush of Ochiai, the big gambling was done. Einon Kim also became a companion. He told him who taught it, and he was gambling like it. "
"Yeah, go back to the gambling ground"
"Yeah, it's not impossible for a liquor to happen, Auntie. It's a good harvest this year. It's not unreasonable to have a drink or to be a companion to gambling. "
"Sorry, but what happened after that?"
"I'm afraid. I jumped in with my eyes, darkness, and darkness. I'm afraid, I'm alive, and I'm afraid of rice at the end of the day. It was good until I got angry, but it was the boss's official who clung to me thinking that he was a father because his eyes were dark. In the meantime, my father ran away. I was pressed down, and when I saw it, it was a stranger, so I was confused about it. Still, I'm impressed with the one named Grandma, Boss. It's a matter of what happened to Kim and Kim, so when Kim returned to his original place, he said that he had no idea what he was doing. "
"That was funny."
Everyone laughs all at once.
"Then there's still something weird. Kim is going home with Meme and Tadashi as they are. Kim is a little afraid of his boss, and then when he has two heads, Tadashi's The person was wondering what flew, and on the contrary, the boss, Kim, hit a head in front of me. It ’s strange that people are coming out. ”
"Yeah. Still, when I got close to yesterday's nightfall, the two of us were doing it unpleasantly because we had mochi on the cut."
"Yeah, that's always the case. After all, it's a similar couple. Ahahahahaha."
Then something next will come out. It's lively. When I was caught in the ministry and laughed alone, a white woman's face came out from the open door. Shortly after the ministry, the father came to the front of the bath and whispered, "Tonight." Before I couldn't reply, I couldn't say anything about the ministry.
"Isn't the hot water lukewarm?"
"Yes"
"Let's burn a little"
Otoyo crouched in front of the bath and started a fire. When the fire burns, the ginkgo biloba, which is the tie of the father, is as beautiful as it looks. The ministry is already trembling and I can't say anything.
"Otoyo-san has already finished hot water"
Even if I say it in my mouth, I can't speak. The father soon stood up.
"Oh, it's cold, I want to squeeze my hands."
Say and put two white hands into the hot water. I don't really think that the ministry touched the hand of the father, but somehow he pulled his body back.
"Mr. Shosaku, let's let it flow"
"Yes"
"Mr. Shosaku, please lend me a towel."
Otoyo-san speaks in a sneaking voice, so the ministry is finally becoming scarier. It doesn't mean anything else to be scary. This is a horror that anyone with experience knows. In the ministry, the towel is lent to the father and the body is submerged in hot water. Since the father is slightly bent and puts his hands in the bath, the face of the ministry and the face of the father are only one shaku, four or five inches apart. The father looks like he has a little make-up and has a nice scent. Hirao The white face is so beautiful that it seems to be a lump of scent, probably because it is seen at night. When I could hear the sound of my father's breathing, the ministry's work suddenly echoed in my chest as if I had been stabbed with gold somewhere in my stomach.
The thing that happened earlier in the chest of the ministry, thinking that it was an unscrupulous woman or a very bad person, disappeared in which corner, no shadow or shape was shown. Now I have no choice but to be fascinated by the ministry. I couldn't hear anyone talking or the sound of rain, and I became dreamy, drunk, and dull, and my dad robbed me of everything in my heart, rather in my body. .. Whatever happened to the ministry now, he has no power to go against it, other than at his own will. Indeed, women are terrifying.
Mr. Otoyo said "Thank you" in a whisper and handed the towel, and said "Mr. Shosaku" in a faint voice. The voice is trembling as expected. In the ministry, he didn't even say "haa", but while he was looking up at his face, he was in the tatami room.
"Otoyo Otoyo"
It is the voice of the bag that is called. The father is silent and doesdges himself into the door. After saying yes
"Yes"
Make a vivid reply.
"Isn't the hot water lukewarm? Look under the kettle and look up."
"Okay"
Otoyo came out again, this time with a muffled voice,
"Mr. Shosaku is lukewarm. Please enter slowly. It will burn now ..."
It ’s a voice that does n’t hurt people. I put a few firewoods in a kettle and burned the fire. It doesn't matter what the ministry is, it's out of the hot water and wearing a kimono.
"Did you go up already? It must have been lukewarm."
The ministry did not give a greeting, but it was even more troublesome to tighten the obi. The father stands up and sniffs his hair-scented nose until he is depressed. And hide your voice,
"The other day, I sent a Hachiya persimmon from the village, so I'll give it to the ministry."
Otoyo touches his cold hair on the face of the water-saving hot water. The ministry is also a little calm now. When the woman's hair touched her face, Muramura and Otoyo became messy. Otoyo put the persimmon in the 袂 "Tamoto" of the ministry and took the hand of the ministry. The ministry, which experienced such a case for the first time, did not regain the hand of the father, and was scared as it was taken. When he thought that his hand was more powerful, he withdrew, turned over like a swallow, and disappeared into the door. The ministry was just a dream for a while, but when I looked at it, I felt scared that I was here for a while, so I went home early. I can't sleep in the ministry this night. Various delusions boil over in a narrow chest. When I think of a warm dream wrapped in soft, fluffy white silk, I feel like I can't say anything about it, and soon after, a sinful, terrifying, unpleasant anguish comes. Whatever you think, Otoyo is a man's wife, a man who is a woman, what it means to think of a man's wife, idiot shame, can you do that? Otoyo isn't a bad person, he's not a hateful woman, he's not hateful, there's no woman like him who's so kind, for some reason he's solid I don't know if my dad is in a row like the house next door, and I was deceived by a man who was a messenger, but I don't know. It doesn't seem to be the case, but the man is a poor man, how can he be?
It's just thinking about each other, and it doesn't matter if we don't do anything about it, but whether we can be satisfied with each other, or if we can do it again, it will be boring. No matter how much I think about it, when I think about it, no matter how much I and my father think about it, I can't do anything about it. It is the same as being sinful even if you let your thoughts pass on the feelings of mischief. It's the same with the evil that two people suffer on the day when it is rumored to be in the world. Oh boring and ridiculous. That's right, let's talk to Otoyo-san and stop the boring thoughts. Still, I wonder if he will listen to me, what kind of understanding does he have? It's a problem for an old man who knows everything to do such a thing while being a wife. No matter how much I think about it You can be a sinner for your father. It's okay to become a gangster. So if even an old man thinks it's good. I was in trouble.
The ministry couldn't sleep until the chicken finally squealed. No matter how many times I thought about it, I was thinking about things that wouldn't be foolish, like a dog being tied around the stick. Just as a person who doesn't know how to swim went into the depths of the water, the ministry is now just stuck. In other words, I'm trapped in the hands of my father's love, so it doesn't matter how much the ministry's work goes up alone. This case cannot be dealt with only by the spirit of ministry.

Five

After that, the later father was not a crushed person. Because they are next to each other, there are many opportunities to meet each other. We spent the day thinking of following the dream road, talking to each other with a smile and talking to each other. Later, there was a time when the ministry was enthusiastic and could be dangerous, but there was a place where the father was solid, and he was guilty of unrighteousness by making a ministry. I can't do anything like committing.
It goes without saying that there is a good excuse even if it is said that the act of the father is the most demeaning misconduct of the girls. However, if you take a closer look at that matter, you will see many sympathetic things that should be merciful.
The fact that the father married next to him was mistaken for the falsehood of the usual medium. Otoyo-san's village is more than a middle-class farmer, but next door is almost the same as a peasant. Besides, Seiroku is neither very relentless nor meticulous. Shortly after the father came, he knew everything and went back to the village, but the father of the father was only a person who made a considerable fortune with one arm. Don't bother not so much. It is said that if you work, you can make a fortune, and once you have a relationship and you are married, you cannot divorce with just one article that you do not have a fortune. No, I'm back. As my father said, if Seiroku is a little more like a boy now, just because he has no fortune, he will not be bothered. Since it is next door to such a situation, there is a place where the personality of the ministry is decent while it is mild by going back and forth to the house made by the Ministry of Nature, and the ratio of academics such as Seiroku No, there was something else I had a crush on with him, so he finally came to think of it. If you look at the ministry in the shadow and hear the voice of the ministry, the cloudiness of your chest will always clear up. I spent half a year at the next house, which I thought was completely useless. It was finally over that year, and suddenly around mid-December, a ministry-making marriage took place. Neighbor Village | I almost decided to become a son-in-law to a certain house. According to Ohama's guide, the ministry met with his father for a day and settled his relationship.
If we talked to each other from the bottom of our hearts, we could finally regain our respect for each other, but we couldn't go against the unrelenting world and we had to become distant others. Men can have more and more intimate relationships, but men and women do not. It's a really boring world. It is ridiculous when one thinks of human beings that one cannot leave one's mind and one's mind to one's mind. If it is moral that you have to be artificially attracted to someone who does not know the sexual roots because of the theory that you have to get married, and then you have to become something like a machine yourself, then morality Is a tool for strangling and killing humans. They took each other's hands and twisted the threads of tears, and promised to unite the ropes of tears they had with each other if there was something to be saved by the grace of God.
The day after this happened, the father returned to the village. Then I finally didn't come back next door. I went to a foster home once for the ministry, but I was struck by a rumor with my father.
[# Raise one character from the ground] (January, Meiji 41)



Bottom book: "Tomb of Nogiku" Shueisha Bunko, Shueisha
First print issued on September 20, 1977 (Showa 52)
Issued the 6th edition on July 30, 1981 (Showa 56)
First appearance: "Lesser cuckoo"
February 1908 (Meiji 41) issue
Input: Amisako, Susumu Ohno
Proofreading: Yukio Hayashi, Michio Tomita
Created October 19, 2008
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
