Fugue state
Zenzo Kasai

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Disappointment "Rakutan"

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Hundred | Page << Page >>

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) [# 5 indentation] 1 [# "1" is a middle heading]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

[# 5 indentation] 1 [# "1" is the middle heading]

I visited a company in Kanda and then a newspaper company in Hibiya and asked to borrow the membership fee for the Sasakawa feature-length novel publication commemoration tomorrow evening, but none of them succeeded. I was a little disappointed and decided to go to Sasakawa and listen to what was going on, so I took the train to the suburbs.
Haraguchi (one of Sasakawa's feature-length models) came to Sasakawa's boarding house. When I went in, Sasakawa looked at me with a pitiful and ironic look, and said, "Today, you're very dressed up [# you're on the sidelines of" dressed up "]." ..
When I was told this, I scratched my head. Actually, yesterday I bought a single garment of bleached dark blue "Kongasuri" from a second-hand clothing store. And I cut my hair for the first time in a long time. That's why I just went out to raise membership fees today.
"Did you write?" I sat by Haraguchi and asked.
"I made one short thing ... So I've been carrying around from Keisa this morning, but they won't make money anywhere," Haraguchi said with a dark face.
"So, did you get a letter of invitation for the meeting?"
"No, I hadn't come by the time I left home," he said in the same tone.
"I haven't come to me yet. But it's strange, it's tomorrow's meeting ... And I heard that I went to K and A 45 days ago. What's wrong? Hey ...? "
"I don't know if you ask me that kind of thing. Besides, all the writers originally have nothing to do with this," Sasakawa said, from his so-called writer-like principle. He said in a blaming tone.
His so-called writer-like principle means that a writer must be of an endlessly eclectic nature and must transcend all worldly fame and fame. It means. It is said that we must transcend the times. He was very careful in this regard from normal times. For example, to give a familiar example, he wears a new set of kimonos from Yoneryu, but his hat is a few years old. It's just like walking around like a so-called writer.
"... Then you, that's why I'm going to disrespect you tomorrow night." Haraguchi greeted Sasakawa and went out.
"Mr. Haraguchi says that kind of thing, you are you, and how do you think of me? Are you thinking of me as a philanthropist or a philanthropist?" It's ridiculous! ”After Haraguchi went out, Sasakawa turned to me in a swearing manner, exposing him to a bad mood.
I'm sorry.
"No, I'm not thinking that way ... So, after all, does Haraguchi borrow some?"
"That's right. It's not expensive, but it's the money I brought with the promise that I'll bring it by this morning."
He became more and more moody and silent. I was completely disappointed [# "Emphasis mark"].
"Are you ready?" I asked, a black leather trunk on the side of the bookcase between the alcove, a Yanagi Gori with leather gear, and a wicker basket. He said while paying attention to such things.
"Well, but I still have to stop by Shiose in the morning to buy some namagashi ..."
The wall "Kabe"'s clothing crest bamboo "Emon only" is covered with a new-style roasting haori with a flashy bluish-purple color. That is the haori that I will wear tomorrow night. And it is a haori that decorates a happy homecoming. I got up and hung it on my shoulder because of my hiding and envy.
"The color is a little bit different .... It's like a haori that even a geisha proprietress, Kami, would wear."
Like Haraguchi, I couldn't go home with a big greeting, saying, "Then I'll be disappointed tomorrow night," so I went out for a walk with him before dinner. In the meantime, he couldn't say a word like "Have you paid the membership fee?" I mean, I don't attend, but it doesn't seem to matter to him.
The upcoming meeting wasn't meant to be a publication commemoration or something literary from the beginning, so only his close friends stopped by and anyway for his recent work. It was made from the story of congratulations. One day, it was transmitted from his mouth to the publisher, and the publisher agreed, so the publisher was supposed to do the office work such as printing postcards and the venue. So, of course, Haraguchi and my name must be included in the process. It is somewhat illegal for the publisher to delete it without permission, and even if it is natural for the world, Sasakawa, who is solely in charge of the negotiations, is now in charge of the negotiations. It's strange that I didn't know that at all by then. ...... He is a so-called writer-like principle, and although he has the face that everything is left to others, the fact is that.
I borrowed 20 yen from him. He spent about half a year in a mountain hot spring while writing his upcoming feature film in a local newspaper. And about two months ago, he came back with considerable savings and considerable strength. I said when I met him. "Because you weren't there, I was robbed of all my kids and kids."
I didn't say this because it was just a joke. The fact is that I couldn't feed my wife and children, so my wife's brother kindly took them to the countryside. But for me, I never wanted to be separated from my wife and children. I felt like I was going with him. Violence-I even felt like that. Still, no one of my friends was sympathetic to me and supported me to keep my wife and children. Everyone and he say it's natural. However, only Sasakawa kindly said that he was a sad companion to me from normal times. So even then, I couldn't help thinking, "I wish I had Sasakawa ...".
I felt like I was alone and in a worse condition. I was even less energetic than when I was suffering from illness and poverty with my wife and children. With a weakened face, I lived every day looking at the graveyard next door from the second floor of the boarding house. Sasakawa sympathized and lent me some money. On top of that, he even found a magazine that would buy the manuscript as long as he wrote it. This is how he whispered me. And he said that he would definitely attend the next meeting and introduce me to the people involved in various magazines and newspapers at that seat to measure the convenience of life. That's right.
He visited me almost every other day. And always, "Did you write? ... Can't write? ... If you can't write, you won't write ... That's why you're a lord!" But what a pity! I can't think of what made me so weak. The fool's wife-complaining-I wish I hadn't been willing to go home-and the occasional letters from her actually weaken me. But of course, that's not a fool. Anyway, I'm not fine. There is nothing to move. Did something like my vitality run out? From the impression of another person, I sometimes feel that I can draw the outline of the vitality or soul of that person on my mind. But when it comes to myself, I have no idea. What can I do in this situation? The more he became a rush and added a whip, the more my feelings just felt atrophied. He began to boil the karma. Still, if he wasn't even ready to leave for his hometown the next morning after the meeting, or maybe he was saved from each other. But his departure was decided 45 days ago. So he was totally desperate for me and exhausted his affection, and said, "A person like you will surely get a terrible return from the world right now. I said. What does it mean to return [# "emphasis mark"]? It doesn't mean that I will be deleted from the invitation letter of the meeting ……?

[# 5 indentation] Two [# "two" is the middle heading]

The two of us walked towards the nearby fishing pond, which we often go to. Around the lowland pond under the cliff of a hill with trees, there are 56 men who seem to be regulars, a man who seems to be a regular hanten, a man who seems to be a master, a man who seems to be a clerk, and a fishing rod. Then I sit on the board and look at the floating tree. And sometimes when it takes a big thing, no, it's a ball, it's not a ball, it's the guy I caught yesterday, it's different, and the other guys are noisy. There is. And in the case of such a big carp, the hair that came out of the house was tied in a high collar, and it was put on the balance with a scooping net by the hand of a young man, and soon again in the pond. Released inside.
We crouched on the front shore of the pond and continued the conversation while watching such a scene.
"Clarify whether you are willing or not willing to return the money this time." He pursues in this way.
"That's the intention to return. So ..."
"So ... what's the matter? You wouldn't just express that intention at all. The money this time wants to establish your life as a writer somehow. It's money that I've paid for, and if you definitely give it back, I'm sure someone else will do it for the next time, or your writer. I thought about it with the intention that my life might end up, but I can't help it because you can't understand it, and I can't write it because I can't write it ... ... so you're a lord. "
He gave me a long preaching from the theory that all art and artists would die because they are not aware of the idea of a fundamental economy in modern times.
"You may think of an artist as something special, a special world that transcends the dominance of the economy, but look! It's a terrible thing from the world to the economy [# "emphasis mark"] because it's extremely good to eat back. "
"No, I'm not from the feeling that I'm ignoring economic relations or something like that, but if I'm so energetic that I can ignore it, I'm sure I can do something. No matter what, this time there was nothing I could do about it. "
"The place where you can do nothing because you can't do anything about it is your fat point. When you go there, Haraguchi expresses his will anyway ... because he wrote, probably too. You'll be more pompous than you [# "pochatte" is an emphasis mark]. In short, the root is economic problems. But anyway, he wrote and carried it with him, but he said he wouldn't attend my meeting tomorrow because he couldn't make the money. But you are not. Even if I can't return a sentence to me, I'm trying to raise a membership fee of 3 yen to attend. If you have that ability, why don't you feel like giving it back to me and refusing to attend? This is not just a matter of money. I don't feel like hating you who are completely unaware of that, but I can't help but feel sorry for you. And I bought a single garment, cut my hair ... I have no idea what kind of feeling you are spending this important day. "
I couldn't help feeling that his condition was true. "No, I understand what you're saying. Then I won't be attending tomorrow ..." I became a little sad and said:
I noticed that I didn't understand enough about the so-called writer-like principle. And anyway, it made me envious that he was alive with a tense, confident feeling that was incomparably more certain than my mystery.
I came back to the boarding house after him again. And it was a dinner treat. I feel like a pitiful dog scolded by my husband, and I can't leave his moody side. Also, if he was leaving the day after tomorrow, I wouldn't be able to meet him for the time being ... I was helping with that feeling. And they were no longer talking to each other, lying down and grimacing each other.
Doi (also one of the models of Sasakawa's novel) came over there. He had a difficult face and sat well,
"Did you get a letter of invitation?" I asked.
"No, I won't come ..."
He said, "Hmm," he stroked around his chin, and it seemed even more difficult to think about it, but before long he raised his face and said to Sasakawa.
"Actually, I'm one of the founders, and I'm sorry to say this kind of selfishness, but if it's a publisher policy-oriented meeting that excludes Mr. Haraguchi, Mr. Magoshi, and such close friends, it's my feeling. I don't want to attend. It's not a meeting that was originally based on that motive. So I have tomorrow's membership fee here, so Haraguchi-kun, Magoshi-kun, and others who won't attend tomorrow. We would like to stop by and congratulate you on this effort, just as we originally thought, so please do not hesitate to do that, "Doi said in the neighborhood. In response to Haraguchi, who lives in Japan, he showed a spirit that seemed to rise soon.
"That's a problem for you," Sasakawa said with dismay. "I'm in trouble if you say that. You must attend. Otherwise I'll be in trouble. Anyway, please attend ... it won't be a bad thing anyway. You have to attend. "
"Don't say that, please forgive me. Isn't it okay? I'm going to pick up Mr. Haraguchi ..."
"That's okay, Mr. Haraguchi and Mr. Magoshi, the problem is naturally different. Anyway, please attend!" There was such a seriousness.
"But why is the problem different for Mr. Haraguchi and Mr. Magoshi? Originally at a meeting of that nature ..."
"No, it has nothing to do with the formation or success of this society from the standpoint of a writer, but from the standpoint of a publisher, it is an unknown and at the same time a poor person. Isn't it rather natural not to welcome? "
"Well ..." I waved and said to Doi. "Before you attend, regardless of us ..."
Doi was silent too. The three of them lay their bodies on their sides, put their heads on their elbows, and continued to silence their white feelings, but suddenly Sasakawa's deeply pityful eyes appeared on my face. I was involuntarily chilled because I was thrown at.
"I think I've been thinking about Mr. Magoshi with this. I want to make your life alive, and I want to draw it on the flow of this lively life. I thought I had a lot of trouble, but only these days, I feel like I've come to understand what your body is like. Anyway, your body is alive and growing. ――It's not like buds or branches coming out from there, but something unknown [# "Gorotto" is an emphasis], stones, Kinoi "Mummy", anyway. That kind of thing, and no sensitivity at all ... yes, that is, the dead. "
"..."
"... You don't know because you were so drunk, but the night you stepped into the rainwater tank" Tensuioke "and became a wet mouse" ... Transfer at the Suidobashi on the way. At that time, I grabbed your shoulder at that stop and cried with a really loud voice. No matter how much you poke or shake and hit There's no response that feels like it's alive. It must be one, but what a sad one! And again, you're not the only one. He is a person who has a connection with Hosono and children ... "
The light of his eyes that said this told me a true impression that could not be doubted. But anyway, he's too complicated for me to catch.
"Maybe. And you're alive, but you're an endlessly alive winder, and I'm a dead, dead winder." I'm totally desperate, abandoned. I felt like a bowl and said.
Me and Doi were quite late and left the Sasakawa boarding house. "Anyway, I'll be coming to you tomorrow," Doi told me when he broke up.

[# 5 indentation] Three [# "three" is the middle heading]

Sasakawa is a really scary man. He has even studied my body completely. And I'm no longer a useless person to him. He took me to Susaki a couple of times to play with. Then I introduced me to a woman at an oden shop [# aside from "oden shop"]. As a witch-type woman, it is the woman he recommends from Hirao. It seems that he intended to match the woman with me and examine some reaction. It seems that the night I stepped into the rainwater tank, I pulled the woman out to the traffic and danced like a dead man. And it seems that he fell into a rainwater tank. He must write that too. -He's writing about me now under the title of sad road companion.
His upcoming feature film is modeled after his close 67 friends. And it is depicted in a rather bittersweet "Shinratsu". What's more, these friends will be hosting a congratulations for his successful work. It's a great honor as an author.
In the afternoon, Doi stopped by my boarding house to prepare for the attendance of Hakama Haori and Haori. From last night, I was full with the bitter taste of Sasakawa's so-called "shippe" [# "emphasis mark"] return, and I felt almost unbearable. "But Sasakawa also returns such a shit [# aside from" shit "], and I don't take the idea that no matter how incompetent a person is, he will die for it. I couldn't help telling Doi the resentment of Sasakawa.
"I'm so indignant, but I can't help it. Anyway, I'm going to the venue, and after hearing about someone coming, I'll decide not to attend. And I'll attend too. If you do, I'll pick you up
"No, I don't want to attend, so don't do that," I said.
After Doi went out, I took the chopsticks for a bad dinner at the boarding house. ...... Imagine the gorgeous banquet of their sake "Bishu" and "Kakou". But Doi soon returned. "Please forgive me," I pleaded with him. But he didn't listen. Eventually I was pulled by him and left the boarding house.
The venue is a Western restaurant in a fairly building, just off the busy street in Yamanote. As we turned the corner there, we heard a burning sound of magnesium from the second floor. "The child who cried now laughed ..." I was led by the maid and went upstairs after Doi, thinking that I was being pulled without a membership fee. And he stood hiding behind a large number of people who stood in a dark room with the lights turned off. Magnesium was burned a couple of times again. Then the lights turned on and the congregation, close to thirty, took a seat in the chairs on both sides, with a white cloth table in between.
On the left side of the sponsor Sasakawa, there is Mr. H, an old landlord who asked to attend from the publisher, especially to add honor to the party tonight. Next to that is Kuratomi, who was one of the models and became the founder. On the right side are Sasaki and Doi, who are also one of the models and founders. On the other side, there is a view that covers people who seem to have attended professionally from newspapers and magazines, and people who are critics of the literary world, anyway. At the same time as I think of Sasakawa's strengths, and even though I can't relieve his resentment towards him from yesterday, somehow a respectable person like Mr. H, his example writer. I couldn't help but pray that I shouldn't inadvertently show rude cheekyness because of the feeling of being windy.
At the bottom of my seat, I was caught between strangers, and I was sitting with a disappointing and lonely feeling like now. Eventually, Sasaki stood up on behalf of the founder, greeted by everyone's applause. It was a fairly honest, clear, greeting.
"... It seems that what Sasakawa wrote wasn't very popular so far, so we're friends about the upcoming feature-length publication of Sasakawa's work. As a matter of fact, I can't help but hope that it will become as popular as possible. Therefore, there is a story that our friends will come and hold such a party for Mr. Sasakawa. However, I haven't been consulted about the meeting since then, so I suddenly wondered what kind of postcard was sent to you. It was just like receiving a reply from everyone's consent ... I just lent the name of the founder ... It's really rude to say something like that as the founder. But please don't be afraid ... "he said something like this. But his attitude and tone was so bright, nimble, and full of artistry innocence that at least I didn't feel dissonant. "It's a great work! He must not be said to be blunt ..." I was just caught up in his condition and smiled in my heart. But I don't know what people other than my friends thought when they heard Sasaki's greetings. After all, Sasaki is treated as the most irritating model in the upcoming Sasakawa feature film. According to Sasaki, Sasaki's instinct, "antipathy toward other superiority," is particularly strong in the case of Sasaki. ――When you read these things and listened to Sasaki's greetings now, other people may have come to your mind with a smile that has a different meaning from mine.
Subsequently, Sasakawa raised his small body. And with the most stern attitude, "Actually, I'm sorry for all sorts of things ... I'm sorry for this ..." I gave it up. That was the end. I felt a little sick and squeaky [# "Gis"], but of course his attitude must have been fine. Then beer, liquor and food went around and it became a normal banquet. It's a great success-no one could have helped.
It was almost 11 o'clock and it was a breakup. All that remained were Sasakawa, his six friends, and a young bachelor of law in the office. And when the accounting was done and everyone was about to go out, it was surprising. ...... It came this morning when a person from Company K (publisher) suddenly visited Sasaki and asked him to go and pick it up because the venue tonight hasn't been negotiated yet. That's right.
"... Fortunately, I'm glad that this house was open, but if I was refused because of other promises, what would I say to the people who gathered here as the owner? I'm going to make a translation to everyone! What kind of annoyance I have to suffer! I shouldn't be responsible for that. I think you were negotiating with the company ... It's always white, like a writer, and everything is left to others ... If so, why don't you just confess to your friends from the beginning and ask for a meeting? I always use my friends for soup stock, and the person you are is really ... "
Sasaki was really angry. He turned his face bright red, stood on the table, and began to scream in a ridiculous tone without swinging his fists. We started to sit in the chair again. And, as a coincidence, Sasakawa alone was placed on the other side of the table.
"No, when I was told that, I was terrible ..." Sasakawa also turned his face bright red, not looking at everyone's face, and told him to mutter.
"No, I'll tell you if you're going to be so white, but in fact I told the people at Company K this morning that I wouldn't attend for that reason. If I get angry, I would like to say that it is a condition for Mr. Sasakawa to publish from the beginning that we will hold the next meeting and that Mr. Kuratomi will write a critique. Don't you say, you're still ... "
"No, that's not the case ... Then you can go to Company K and ask ..." Sasakawa quietly walked between the table and the dark window and told me to mutter.
"What a terrifying person you are! I don't want to say this, but I say because you are so determined, but when you publish the last short story, I want to go to company K and I also want to. You said you were there. I didn't say anything because you were in trouble at that time, but you always went around and used your friends for soup stock. And you're just doing something that makes you look good. Why can't you be more honest! You're always ... "Sasaki, who is emotional from normal life, is big on the table. When I thought I was slamming my body, I burst into tears and cried.
Sasakawa, who wore a new haori coat and wore a hakama on his small body, hung his head deeply and walked quietly between the table and the dark window, still with his hands folded behind him. ..
From the open entrance, the faces of the cooks and maids took turns looking into it. As for the young bachelor of law, he is this unexpected last-a tragicomedy of a different society called a writer mystery? He seemed to be very interested in it, leaning against the pillar at the entrance, and from behind everyone, shining his gold-rimmed near glasses and showing his white teeth all the time, he was grinning. ......
I was so tired that I returned to the boarding house and was able to sleep as soon as I got to the floor. However, when I woke up in the morning, I was in a state of asthma attack. The passion of last night was cursed.
It was raining. First of all, I imagined the appearance of Sasagawa, who would have left Tokyo Station with a trunk indignantly in this rain. And I couldn't help thinking, "He's a great man!"
I drank the morphine dress "Tonpuku" prepared by Hirao and slept without eating anything in the morning and noon. What a nasty, painful illness! When the seizures subsided in the evening, I ate a little porridge. The rain before the rainy season continued to fall in the same condition.
I got up and pulled out the old magazine containing my writing from the closet, cut out my part, and with the needle and cotton thread left by my wife, I started to spell it one by one. Even if everyone collects it, it is not enough for 100 | pages << pages >>. This is my poor income for the last 67 years. In the meantime, I would have run away from city to home and from home to city with such a miserable feeling ...
I felt like I was crushed. I feel that I have come to understand the meaning of Sasakawa's lively life. Anyway, he is a person who knows the joy of always being tense and lively. And for that reason, or in some cases, there may be some overkill [# "emphasis marks"]. But still, how good and happy life is compared to a living dead like myself!
Forty-five days have passed. Doi lent me the travel expenses. They also prepared souvenirs for children. I took out the usual cutout, notebook and fountain pen, and left the boarding house without permission.
"Anyway, don't think about anything, just rest in the countryside, your weakness seems to be terrible. But that's not just a health issue, maybe it's coming somewhere else, but anyway. It seems that you are not in good health, so it is better to stay as long as possible and take a good rest. However, it is doubtful that you will be left in the country for a long time ... "
Doi, who sent me to ride the night train from Ueno, said when he broke up.



Bottom book: "Complete Works of Japanese Literature 31 Zenzo Kasai, Isota Kamura" Shueisha
July 12, 1971 (Showa 44) First edition
First appearance: "New novel"
September 1918 (Taisho 7)
Input: Yumiko Okamoto
Proofreading: Tokiya Ito
Created July 14, 2010
Revised October 25, 2011
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
