Boat boat
--Modern narrative--
Yoshio Toyoshima

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Numbers are JIS X 0213 area area number, or original page and number of lines)
(Example) Novel 4 [# "4" is a Roman numeral, 1-13-24]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

There was a boat boat in the curved part of a large river near Tokyo. In the old days, it used to be a boat station with a lot of traffic, but I was completely lonely after the train ran down the river and a bridge was built. The captain was an old man and the boat was old, only occasionally used by nearby farmers.
Near this boatyard, there was a slightly stylish Heike with many small rooms for the countryside. Around the masaki rattan, old plum branches crossed, and five palm trees spread their leaves higher than the roof. In the olden days, this was also a resting place for boats, a small restaurant, and sometimes guests were allowed to stay. As the ferry yard became lonely, this house became like an empty house, and the old man and his wife were sleeping in a corner.
However, at the end of the war, Iwata's mother and daughter have been evacuated from Tokyo since Tokyo was exposed to air raids. Next, four members of the Kawahara family were burned out of Tokyo. After the end of the war, Nakamura's son came. After a year, Iwata's son, who had traveled to the hinterland of China and was almost unknown, came back. Thus, the house was packed with people.
In mid-March, the Kawahara family decided to go to Hokkaido. However, after that, it was a promise that five members of the Makita family would come.
The work of Mr. Shigebei, the boatman, has grown. Nakamura's son, Yoshikichi, had a job to secretly sell local supplies to a small town about three miles away from the river. Potatoes, vegetables and legumes crossed the river with considerable darkness. In addition, there was a young maid named Kayoko at Komatsuya, a small restaurant in the town, and Iwata's son Motohiko went there. Sometimes I crossed the river late at night.
When the Kawahara family relocated, Mr. Shigebei sweated and operated the boat. The Kawahara family was affected by the disaster in Tokyo, but the main household goods had been evacuated here in advance, so when it was completely relocated, it became a considerable baggage. Various boxes and parcels crossed the river in one day. The next afternoon, four members of the Kawahara family crossed the river. I stayed overnight at an acquaintance's house in Tokyo and then headed to Hokkaido.
The people of Iwata and Nakamura intended to see off the Kawahara family to the train in the town, but suddenly stopped it and broke up on the riverbank of the boat. Because of the small farewell banquet, everyone was feeling drunk, although there were some differences between men and women of all ages. That was an excuse to break up only on the banks of the river. As long as it's an excuse, there must have been other reasons.
After the Kawahara family left, people took their own actions. Motohiko Iwata crawls along the river. Yoshie Iwata took the evening simmered dish. Kayoko of Komatsuya, who came to help, washed the dishes. Yoshikichi Nakamura broke firewood. He seemed to have some taste in chopping wood. Yaeko Iwata lit the fire in the bath.
For some reason, the fire in the bath did not burn well and smoldered. Yaeko Iwata was weeping while fanning it. Not only because of the smoke in my eyes, but also because I felt like I was crying in my heart. In fact, she was sad.

――I wonder why my tears became brittle like this. Even a little thing makes me cry. Just by not showing the tears to others, tears come out. Even if I don't think this should be the case, I still cry.
When did my brother bring two chocolate bars and gently gave them to me? I couldn't say thank you, so I turned down. Then, in the absence of people, I gave one of them to my mother, but without even looking at her face, I turned down. My eyes seemed to be hot and moist, and when I saw them, I felt like tears would come out. While biting the chocolate bar, I felt sad rather than enjoying the sweet taste.
My brother occasionally brings me chocolates, candies, peanuts, etc., which is very rare. I always pay attention to my brother's side dish. However, it's hard to get delicious food, and even if you get it once in a while, you can't just give it to your brother among many people. Whether it's Mr. Kawahara or Mr. Nakamura, since they are the same kind people as their relatives, they are supposed to prepare the delicatessen together even if only the scarce staple food is separate. Therefore, it is not possible to treat only the older brother as special treatment. Still, I want to be a big brother and give delicious food, and I am always careful. That is something sad and lonely. There are times when I suddenly cry while preparing a side dish.
It was the same when my brother came back. I hadn't heard from him for a long time, and even after the end of the war, I didn't know what was going on. The color was black, thin, and my eyes were shining. I should have been happy to welcome him just to hug him. However, I wondered what happened, I couldn't speak, and I just cried. The tears were different from the happy tears. It was a more complex and eccentric one, even containing sadness. It wasn't because I felt the defeat of our country directly through my brother who was a soldier. The war itself seemed to me far from it. There seemed to be something more important than that. I'm still not sure what that is, but I feel that it has a direct connection to humans. When I saw my brother, the important thing came back to my chest, and I was very sad when I hit my chest.
The important thing had been trampled for a long time and was about to be forgotten. Is that still the case? That is very sad.
It seems that I was trapped in such sadness. So, when I heard Koichi Kawahara's words, I didn't blush, I hardly felt the crush of my chest, and I just turned down. If I stayed still a little, I might have shed tears.
When I was standing in the garden this morning and looking at the sky, Koichi came over. There were a lot of red buds on the camellia tree. Koichi cut off the buds in two or three and stared at them. Then I said goodbye. I nodded. Then I kept silent for a while. Then Koichi said.
"I'm going to distant Hokkaido, but I'll never forget you. You're like this bud. If you ever meet again, please be as beautiful as a camellia flower. Please bloom. "
When I heard that word, I wasn't happy or funny, and I felt sad and turned down. The farewell was not sad. The fact that it blooms like a flower goes beyond the fact that it is beautiful or not, and it suddenly responded to my heart. I saw myself like a biting bud. I felt like I was about to cry when I was still, so I hurried away without thinking about anything.
Still, it seems that I was still in tears. When I met my brother, he stared at me and asked me what was unusual. I must have been able to see him talking to Koichi-san, and it wasn't enough to hide it, so I gave up as it was and conveyed Koichi-san's words. Something intense color ran on his face, but after that, he went silently.
The older brother may have been angry. Around this time, I became very angry. Despite being angry, he hardly tells me anything. These two are hard for me. I would be very happy if my brother, like Mr. Yoshikichi Nakamura, joked at me, got angry openly, and talked about various things. My brother always thinks and gets angry alone and doesn't tell me anything. I wonder if Kayoko of Komatsuya is the same as her brother. The same is true for mothers. I was supposed to go to the town to see off Kawahara-san, but I stopped at the ferry because of my brother alone. My brother didn't tell me anything. Because I was drunk, and because everyone was drunk, I told them to leave it to the boat.
We stood in the water and saw off Kawahara's dad, mom, Koichi, and Koji on a ferry to the opposite shore. It was a cloudy sky and the wind blowing on the surface of the water was cold. I put my sleeves on my chest and felt like I was holding something important. When I was little, I remembered when my parents took me to Hakone and Nasu. I remembered my deceased father. Isn't death also a journey? If so, Dad went on a journey alone. Like my dad, I wanted to go on a trip alone. Various views of mountains, rivers and the sea will unfold one after another. I will be drowning in it and forget everything, even sadness.
I was in tears someday. The tears rose and I almost overflowed my eyelids. I gently wiped it with my cuffs. I didn't like tears being seen by my brother. But I wasn't worried about it. My brother was wandering along the riverbank, a little away from us. It seemed that he was thinking about something.
When my brother was thinking, he seemed angry. When you're angry, it looks like you're thinking. Why is that so? That is lonely to me.
I wonder where my brother is now. I wonder what you are thinking. The smoke sees my eyes again and tears come out ...

Yaeko's older brother Motohiko Iwata was on the edge of the river. And I was thinking.
――The gentle flow of the river ……. I want to be in a similar mood, but I just can't. Maybe it's because after three years of fighting life, he wants a quiet environment where he can rest his mind and body, and he can't get it. Not only that. Something that I can't handle squeezes me from the surroundings.
In the military, my individual was dissolved in the group and was confused with others all day and night. Then, after the end of the war, we lived in a group like a herd of livestock, packed in a transport ship, and returned to our homeland. It was packed tightly, and those with seasickness lay down, so the space became smaller and smaller, and they just laid themselves on their knees. Then the trains in the mainland were even more crowded and crushed while standing still. With a lot of breath and body temperature, my own body odor became muddy.
Still, when I saw this house on the banks of the river, I took a restful breath. I came here from time to time, so I was familiar with it, and it was more impressive than the houses in Tokyo. It had a fascinating taste, such as the atmosphere of a palm tree with its leaves spread widely on the roof. The expectation of living peacefully here with my mother and sister gave me a soothing smile. I also forgot about my physical fatigue at one time.
However, what I found in this house was a large group life. Whether it was Kawahara or Nakamura, I wasn't a stranger to me, but I'm still a member of another family. They eat together and snort from morning till night. From waking up to going to bed, they greet each other, treat each other, and face each other. No one has their own place, their own time. Of course, the living rooms are different, but Japanese houses, especially those of one-story houses, are extremely open, and the rooms do not have independence as rooms. Therefore, almost all the people in the house are in the same room as a multi-tenant house. One corner of each person disappears there. In any social communal life, there should be a corner that serves as a resting place for each person's soul and a resting place for the body, and in the absence of it, the communal life simply falls into an animal herd life. There will be.
What surprised me was that my mother was calm and comfortable in this. For my mother, if I had only one seat near the long fire bowl, no matter how crowded people were around, I wouldn't mind. Perhaps the surrounding congestion is also seen as a kind of landscape. He calms down his obese body and is always smiling and amiable. After the Kawahara family left, I knew without difficulty that I would accept the Makita family, which has a large number of people. Yoshikichi Nakamura was indignant and told me.
"My mom is too philanthropic."
Compassionate sympathy is my mother's possession. Especially at such times, my mother seems to feel sorry for everyone. Even so, when I insisted that the Makita family not only eat the staple food but also cook everything separately, my mother would immediately agree with it.
"If you like it, let's say so."
It doesn't matter to my mother about this.
Because she was such a mother, it was no wonder that she didn't pay much attention to Yaeko's tears. But as soon as I got home, I noticed my sister's tears. At first I thought it was tears squeezed out of the pressure of living in a group. I thought it must be because I was careful to eat delicious food as much as possible and take care of me.
From the first day of my return home, I was frustrated by the crampedness and suffocation of my group life. A friendly face and words surround me and gently tighten. At the very least, there should be one person who can look back with hatred, but there is no such person, and I must be amiable to everyone. That's something I've never experienced before. Just as military life mechanizes humans, these group lives make the human spirit vulgar and flat. It does not allow humans to breathe heavily.
To escape from this atmosphere, I wandered in the field, floated a fishing boat on the river, went to Komatsuya in the town, and became familiar with Kayoko. Under the pretext of resting for the time being, he sent a free-spirited day to melancholy. Sometimes I got drunk and had Kayoko send me home. My mother was also friendly to Kayoko. That was rather dissatisfied with me. In other words, he was not relieved while abusing the privilege of being a demobilized soldier. I attributed that sin to the suffocation of my herd life.
And just the other day, on the day of the Hinamatsuri on March 3rd, I didn't decorate the Hina dolls because the place was small, and I didn't get the Hishi mochi or Shirozake, so it was just like a normal day. That evening, I thought I should go to Komatsuya in the town, and when I went out to the riverbank, there was a woman who was leaning against a sprouting willow tree and staring at the river surface while the sunset was red. It's Yaeko. I called out to him. My sister turned around and looked at me dazzlingly. It was like seeing a stranger. I made fun of it.
"You seem to be pessimistic. It's probably because you can't have the Hinamatsuri. How old are you?"
My sister shook her head seriously and smiled. But there were tears in his eyes. I took my eyes off and looked up at the setting sun. Then I walked towards my house with my sister. I wanted to talk about something, but I couldn't find the words. Then my sister said a little.
"Brother, I hope it will be the first time in the war."
"Don't say stupid things."
I replied mechanically, but soon after that, the true meaning of my sister's words struck my heart. My sister wasn't talking about war.
"Yeah, I understand what you mean," I rephrased.
My sister seemed to want to talk and wait for my words. But I couldn't say anything. And both of them silently returned home.
At such a time, the two of us must have talked about various things. That habit has also been lost. Is it because of the group life? There is also that. But I felt there were other reasons.
At that riverbank, my sister looked at me with an eye that looked at someone else without even knowing it. I occasionally encountered such an eye. At that time, my sister might have been lost in something empty. The emptiness is not in the distance, but in my heart. It's in my heart too. Something collapsed and it was the emptiness that was created after that. What exactly has collapsed? It's just human, and I still don't understand. After the end of the war I felt vaguely about it. I still feel it a little more clearly now. My sister must be feeling that too. That often tears of my sister will come from there.
Koichi Kawahara often said that to such a younger sister. Even if it's a confession of love, whether it's a camellia bud, a camellia flower, or something that was at hand, I could say it well. It is not always a peony flower, but plum blossoms, cherry blossoms, or at least daffodil flowers are still good. Isn't the camellia flower a sign of a fat country girl with red cheeks?
Even Kawahara's parents are a little too lazy to say. After my disappearance, my mother was completely depressed, my sister was crying, and I say a lot, but I told her that my mother and sister were actually solid. heard. It is said that there was a secret debate about my funeral, but there shouldn't be such a ridiculous debate. It is humanity to hope that we are still alive somewhere. However, this contrary to humanity is brought up as a proof of my feelings of joy in my survival. It's all a lie in good faith. Rather, isn't there a malicious lie? That would be better for me now. Since then, it's always about the front lines that are brought up.
The same thing was repeated at the banquet this afternoon. It is said to be a regular side dish of sake. There are many more. I decided to keep silent. No matter what I was told or asked, I just pushed through silently. Being a thorough mute, I was just staring at the deep emptiness that was visible in me. How should we fill the emptiness after the collapse of something human, which is vaguely understood and painfully felt?
I had a passion similar to anger and kept a silent attitude. It didn't matter who thought what. It was one of the silent expressions that the people of Kawahara decided to see off only to the boat. Everyone must have thought I was weird. Even my mother seemed to be looking at me secretly. My sister seemed to keep an eye on me, avoiding my gaze. There are already many such affectionate eyes. I want to be alone because I only have to do it once. Even if I crawl on this riverbank like this, why don't someone still look at me secretly?

Supper started early. Rather, the men started drinking early. Motohiko Iwata, Yoshikichi Nakamura, two villagers who had been intimate with the Kawahara family, and Mr. Shigebei Shigebei, the guardian of Watari, carried a plate of simmered dishes with Yaeko, and Kayoko took a drink. The mistress, Yoshie, set her fat body near the long fire bowl and listened to people's stories with a smile while she was watching.
The story covered various matters, touched on political issues, covered agricultural products, food circumstances, etc., but the rumors of the Kawahara family who had left were still the main focus.
Mr. Shigebei was once called by his grandmother to stand up and operate the ferry.
"Well, it's difficult at times like this."
Mr. Shigebei was smiling and enjoying the difficulty. However, when the sun went down, there were no more passengers on the boat.
During that time, Motohiko Iwata was still silent and drinking alcohol. It seemed that he was making a silent vow. But once he spoke, everyone in the troupe felt that it was almost undisputed, as if it had decisive command. It seemed that there was something dignified, such as the clothes with a national defense-colored collar, the rough hair that had grown considerably, the solid forehead and the eyes that tended to stare at.
Motohiko Iwata suddenly said that the women would eventually eat rice and drink sake.
"Now, let's send Kayo to the town. Follow Nakamura. Otherwise, Kayo would have to send me again. I got drunk. Let's go. "
Mr. Shigebei also stood up, saying that it was his role to go to the boat. The two villagers also stood up to resign. The lantern was lit.
Motohiko stared at Yaeko, who worriedly followed up to the gate, with the faint light of the lanterns, and said while distorting the meat on her cheeks.
"Don't worry about it anymore. From now on, I'll always be with you."
Yaeko burst into tears and entered the house as if to hide the tears.
It was a cloudy night, it was strangely warm and foggy.
Motohiko was drunk and his feet were swaying. Yoshikichi Nakamura, who has a lantern, put his hand on the shoulder of a kimono with a cloak.
"Hey, Nakamura, stop the dark business."
"Yeah, I'm quitting," Nakamura replied with a straight smile.
"OK, but if you keep doing that, Yaeko will never be with you. My sister, but like a child, and like an adult, I fell in love with that tiny soul that I didn't want to eat. If I wasn't my sister, I would marry Yaeko. Then you should marry Kayoko. Hey, Kayoko, Kayo-chan, you don't hate Nakamura. Say you like it, you like it ... "
Kayoko whispered in the eyes of Nakamura.
"You're pretty drunk."
Motohiko took it over.
"What are you drunk, don't be stupid. I'm thinking seriously. How many people have drowned in this river since ancient times, and how many people will drown in the future. I'm seriously wondering if I'll die. Hey Shigebei-san, I'm sure I've drowned a lot. "
"Come on, what is it?"
Mr. Shigebei responded casually and had already begun to untie the ferry rope.
The full water was white and flowing slowly even at night. As soon as they got in, the boat left.
Motohiko stripped off his cloak. Then, I put it on Kayoko's slender shoulders, which was squeezing the collar of the kimono of the arrow feathers of the sardine under the red coat.
"I think it's my last kindness."
However, the last one seemed to point to something else. He smiled happily and took out a bottle of four gobos from the side pocket of his clothes. Shochu was in it for about the 8th minute. Two large cups came out of the other pocket.
"Mr. Shigebei, take a break and do it now."
The flow of the river was extremely slow. Mr. Shigebei was also drawn to Motohiko and got a shochu cup. After drinking a few cups, Motohiko took the turret and turned the boat to the river. If you row up a little, the rest will remain in the flow. Mr. Shigebei was talking about the drowning of a horse.
"... I was in a hurry even though I could swim, so I thrust my head into the water, and that's it. If there is no one who can pull my head above the water with a bridle, I myself It's just a matter of raising your head. Because I forgot it, that big head sinks down. It seems that there are two types of horses, one who knows swimming and the other who doesn't. Yeah. "
Kayoko was listening to it with her eyebrows. Yoshikichi Nakamura was excited and talked to him. Motohiko was no longer interested in the surroundings and was staring at the surface of the river.
――It was just such a curved part. It was a vague dark night. When I advanced to the middle, a flash of light broke out on the opposite bank. The flashes increased in number and the bullets flew over. At that time, there was a coward who fired a few shots from here in the detour. A flash of light flashed on the opposite bank at one time. The bullets that flew overhead with Hyun Hyun soon approached me with a swoosh and began to smoke. Eventually, a big guy fell from the sky. The eerie noise of slurping made me wonder where it was. At the moment when one of them seemed to have been pushed overhead, the boat was slammed on its side. That alone was terribly disappointing, but the crew had already been thrown into the water ...
Hahahaha ……, Mr. Shigebei was laughing loudly. Motohiko looked around. The skin of the white water was waving slowly. There was something unpleasant. Disgusting and vague, it was elusive.
――It's all empty. The bottom of the emptiness is also lost. Go alone. Motohiko returned to a clear consciousness. And I became cautious. Motohiko moved from the edge of the boat to the gap where the three people were confused by the story and did not pay attention to it, and when he went from his feet to his torso to his head, he was immersed in the water ...
Kayoko first noticed that Motohiko Iwata was gone. Both Yoshikichi Nakamura and Mr. Shigebei stood up. The boat shook and Kayoko fell down there.
It was just a dark night, and there was no reply even if I called or shouted. Motohiko Iwata has disappeared. Mr. Shigebei pushed the turret hard. I found it useless to boat around. With the boat on the shore, the three ran back home. Several villagers were summoned. Many lanterns were lit. Old man Shigebei jumped on the boat again. People jumped on the other boat. Then, while calling each other on both banks of the river, people gradually went downstream, looking for Motohiko Iwata up to the railway bridge.
At that time, Motohiko Iwata was always upstream.
Submerged in the water, he was completely alone. I was alone for a while and then swam. A master of water training, he swam to the shore with his clothes on. When I stood on the shore, I felt terrible cold. I squeezed the water from my top and drained my shoes. Then I walked up the bank on the bank. It's cold so I started running. There was a bamboo bush, and dead bamboo twigs were piled up. Motohiko searched for a pocket lighter. Then I searched the lowlands by the water and enthusiastically carried the dead bamboo branches and set them on fire. The fire burned comfortably, shining around and dyeing the sky. While warming up to the fire, Motohiko sank into meditation in the spirit of a lonely guest. The meditation in the drunkenness deepened steadily.
He himself does not clearly remember what the meditation was like. Just because it was deep and deep, it was like an unstoppable fragment, and it was also like a coherent and continuous thing. It was a flight in a big emptiness. It's like flying in the sky, and it should be said that the aviation took place in the abyss of the heart.
When I woke up from that meditation, I was almost sick of alcohol and my clothes were about to dry. Motohiko had an ironic smile on his face, and then he smiled radiantly. Then, with a calm step, I returned to my house.
He blew a whistle, digging a soft leaf of Masaki's rattan. When I entered the dirt floor of my house, I threw away the leaves and stopped for a moment.
Women were gathering in the light of the electric lamp near the long fire bowl there. My mother bent over and watched the fire in the brazier. Yaeko grabbed her face and looked in the air. Kayoko was crying with her handkerchief on her face. The old lady at Shigebei was secretly talking about something, as if to compare the three people in turn.
It was also felt by Motohiko that it was a rare scene that he discovered for the first time. My mother's appearance was different from usual, Yaeko's appearance did not look like normal, Kayoko's appearance was unusual, and my grandmother occupies a big position.
Motohiko [# "Motohiko wa" is "Motohiko wa" in the bottom line] I watched while standing still. And I smiled radiantly. But apart from that, I couldn't speak because I had some feelings of excitement.
Yaeko made a strange voice. With that voice, they noticed Motohiko. Everyone's eyes were focused on Motohiko. In those gazes, Motohiko silently stepped forward, took off his shoes and went up into the room. And while still standing, I showed each of them a nod to affirm everything.



Bottom book: "Yoshio Toyoshima's Collection of Works, Volume 4 (Novel 4 [#" 4 "is a Roman numeral, 1-13-24])" Miraisha
Issued the first print on June 25, 1965 (Showa 40)
First appearance: "tide"
April 1946 (Showa 21)
* The bottom book is a large scale of "ga" (ward number 5-86) used for counting things and place names.
Input: tatsuki
Proofreading: Hiroshi Kadota
Created January 16, 2008
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
