Moonlit night
Kido Okamoto

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Rakugoka << Hanashika >>

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Twenty-six nights |

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) Teku Teku [# "Emphasis mark"]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

One

Mr. E talks.

I know one ghost story about the 26th night in July, the 15th night in August, and the 13th night in September. Some are long and some are short, but let's talk gradually in the order of the months.
Therefore, the first is 26 nights-this is a story I heard from a rakugoka storyteller, but it seems that everything was around the 8th and 9th years of the Meiji era. At that time, the rakugoka was still a little hairy from the undercard, but how long did he eat the cold rice "Hiyameshi" from his master's house and do the same thing as Gonsuke? I didn't feel like it, so with the permission of my master, I was supposed to have one household even at the back shop "Uradana", and I was looking for a rental house every day. At that time, unlike now, there were many vacant houses in Tokyo, but there was no convenient one like newspaper advertisements instead, so I had to find it myself. He also folds his hips every day and often searches around Asakusa Shitayabe, Honjo, and Fukagawa, but I can't find what he thinks. It must have been a little difficult even at that time because it was an order to find a house that was a little beautiful, with a rent of only 1.25 yen, for about two or three rooms.
On a hot day at the end of August, he went through a side street in Shimotani Okachimachi while sweating, and at the entrance of a narrow alley, he said, "In the back." I found a tag called "Kashiya" stuck on the slick. Moreover, it was written that the rent was 1.20 yen for the two tatami mats, three tatami mats, and six tatami mats, so I was happy that this was suitable for customizing, and I thought that I would immediately go to the alley. There is only one small house at the end of the back, which is narrower than the tatami mat, but I thought he must be the house here because he had a tatami mat on the door pocket. It was a practice around this time that it was troublesome for the landlord to guide small rental houses one by one, so during the daytime, the grid on the front was left open so that anyone could go in and see it. The front grid of this house was closed, but the shoji at the entrance and the sliding doors at the back were left open so that he could look inside the house from the outside, so he also took a peek from outside the grid. Since it is a small house, you can see the whole house with a three-shaku shoe. Donation "Yoritsuki" is 2 tatami mats, next is 6 tatami mats, followed by 3 tatami mats and a kitchen. It's so dark that I'm not sure, but it doesn't look like a vandalized house.
While thinking that I liked this, when I suddenly saw it, an old woman was sitting sideways on the 3 tatami mats in the back. He called out from outside the grid, wondering if there was an answering machine.
"Hello, please excuse me."
The old lady did not turn around.
"Excuse me. Is this a rental house?" He called again.
The old lady still does not turn around. He was defeated because he didn't get a reply no matter how many times he called. Thinking that she must be deaf, she went out to the front with a tongue-in-cheek, and at the rough shop at the entrance of the alley, she brought a basin to the storefront, so he stopped by and asked. There was.
"Where is the landlord of the rental house in the back of this alley?"
The landlord told me that the liquor store is about a town away from now on.
"Thank you very much. I have an answering grandmother, but I don't reply, no matter how much I call, whether I'm asleep or not."
When he inadvertently slipped his mouth, the mother suddenly changed her face color.
"Oh, grandmother ... Did you come out again?"
This rakugoka is terribly timid. I was horrified to say that it came out again, and this also changed the color of my face, and the greeting ran away. Of course, I didn't want to go to the landlord's liquor store for meetings, so I went up and left there quickly, but when I calmed down and thought about it, it was a hot day in the middle of the day in August. [# Emphasis mark on "Kankan"] It is shining. I'm not a ghost during the day. Seeing that I was timid, I might have been scared to say that my wife, no. I thought I had a ridiculous eye, but I was skeptical and uncomfortable, so I stopped looking for a rental house that day and went back to my teacher's house.
Because of the strong heat this year, every yose is closed. There is no way to go anywhere when the sun goes down.
"Tonight is twenty-six nights, so why don't you go to worship?"
He noticed when he was taught by his teacher's mother. Tonight is the 26th month of July in the lunar calendar. I've heard the story, but I haven't come to worship yet, so I'll take a look at what it's like to be a business, 26 nights | I thought it would be good, so I went out from the evening to cool down. The moon rises on the 26th night in the middle of the night, but there are many people who are as cool as him, so every hill was crowded from the evening.
When he first went to the precincts of Yushima Tenjin, there were also many men, women and many people. Among them were a lot of old people and children. Unlike now, in the first year of the Meiji era, it seems that there were quite a lot of people who left the remnants of the Edo period and went out to wait for 26 nights. While he was hanging around in the flock, he suddenly found something and was horrified again. In the crowd, a woman who seems to be an old woman who saw her in an empty house in Shitaya during the day stands. There are many old women who are familiar to the wider world. The faces of grandmothers are usually similar. What's more, I only saw that profile in the daytime, and I certainly didn't see what kind of face it was, but I shouldn't think that this old lady looks like it. He seemed to look a lot like the Yukata of Choshi Chijimi, who seemed to have gone through the water several times, so he got a little creepy and left early.
When he changed direction and went from Kanda to Kudan, many people were uneven on Kudan slope. He was wandering there for a while and was once again horrified. The old lady I saw in Yushima has come here before I knew it. He was so surprised that he might have screamed if he were alone, and quickly escaped there again.
He then climbed Mt. Atago on the turf. I went to the coast of Takanawa. Moreover, he will surely find the old lady standing in the crowd everywhere he goes. Of course, the old lady doesn't stare at him, doesn't call out to him, he just stands silently, but it only increases his fear, and what should he do? I don't understand. I wondered if I was attached to this old lady.
There was still a lot of time before the moon came out, but for him it was no longer a problem. After all, I thought I'd go home early, but since it was that time, there were no trains or railroad carriages. When I got on a rickshaw from Takanawa and hurried, the car owner dropped a Kajibo on the street of Kanasugi.
"Husband, please wait a moment. I will buy candles there."
After saying this, the car owner went to the trash shop there to buy lantern candles. Rough Shop-Remembering the daytime mom, he looked back from the top of the car and saw an old lady standing in a dimly lit place about two minutes away from her car. At first glance, he jumped out of the car and ran away to Shimbashi at a glance.
The teacher's house is Negishi. He wasn't so energetic to go back there, so he rushed through the bustling night town and wondered what to do next. The old lady didn't seem to follow her later, but he wasn't relieved. There is a house that patronizes the master in a large boat inn in Sanjikkenhori. I went there and thought that I would like to stay tonight, and when I passed through the gate there as if I fell down, I was surprised at the counter.
"Oh, what's wrong? My face is terribly pale. Did I have a sudden illness?"
Actually, when I complained while holding my breath, everyone started laughing. Even the geisha who was there laughed at his cowardice. But for him it was never a laugh. I finally decided to stay there that night, and by the time the moon rose, it had become smaller in the mosquito net in the lower room.
When I returned to Negishi's house the next morning, everyone laughed at me here as well. I'm so sorry, so I went back to Okachimachi and listened to rumors about the neighborhood. The rental house hasn't changed. No one has died, and no funeral has been held. I used to live in the pawn shop's clerk, who has actually moved to the town and is living safely. However, there is a person who moved to the vacant house last month in front of the Bunranbon, and a few days later, on the evening of the thirteenth day when the fire was lit, an old woman entered the vacant house.
No one knew when the old lady went out, but after that, she sometimes saw her sitting, so I was wondering at the landlord's liquor store. Five people went to look at the vacant house, scrutinized the cupboard, and even under the floor, but found nothing suspicious.
Such rumors spread, and no one has borrowed since then. Then, the vacant house sometimes shows the grandmother. I don't know which ghost was confused.
Hearing that story, he turned blue again and screamed that he must have been attached to the mysterious ghost. I felt sick on my way home, and then lived vaguely like a half-sick for three days, but the old lady was obsessed with not trying to afflict him, and once before him. Did not show that figure. He was relieved and took his seat from September.
The Kanoaki family had a rental house tag affixed until winter, but one day in November, it suddenly burned out in the middle of the day. It seemed strange that it ended up being burnt down.

Two

The second is the full moon-this is a short story, and I remember about 20 years ago. The area around Sakuragawa-cho on the turf was expanded due to the revision of the city ward, and all the residents were evacuated for a certain period of time. Among them, one tobacco shop-I remember it as a tobacco shop, but it may be wrong. ――The owner told a business trip official about this.
I moved here after the Meiji era and have been in business for more than 20 years, but there is one wonder in this house. Occasionally, people can be seen vaguely under the ladder on the second floor. When I think about it, it is limited to once a year and only on the 15th month of the lunar month, and it does not appear if it is rainy or cloudy that night. If that night is tomorrow, it will surely come out. I wondered if the light of the moon would come in through some gap and some shadow would appear, but it never happened on other moonlit nights, and it is always limited to the 15th night of August. It's also strange. I don't know the shape of the person, but he seems to be a man. There's nothing wrong with it, it's just standing vaguely, so as long as you're courageous, there's no harm to you.
It seems that this master was also a person who was somewhat courageous. And fortunately, the suspicious thing appears in the middle of the night and disappears at dawn. Especially since it is only once a year, it seems that no one in my wife, including Hosono, knows it. Or I thought it might be visible only to my own eyes and invisible to others, but in any case, it's not good to talk about detours and make noise in my wife. If such rumors are heard in the world, it will hinder natural business. On the other hand, I thought it would be better to keep this in my own chest, so I kept it secret from my wife. Then, over the years, I got used to it, and I didn't get suspicious.
By the way, the house will of course be removed when you move out of here, so I would like you to take this opportunity to inspect the underfloor and other areas. Or it may appear as a human skull or a bottle of gold and silver, the owner says. I see. That's often the case in old tales, so when it comes to trying to excavate the underfloor, it seems that it's under the ladder of the store, but there are five small skulls from the bottom of the soil. Appeared. However, it turned out that it was not a human bone, but a beast's head. Three of them were dogs, but the other two were raccoon dogs or raccoon dogs. It was an eternal mystery at what time, who cut and buried the necks of the five beasts, and why they did so.
In a few newspapers, I had various imaginations about it, but it seems that it ended up in a bad way.

Three

The third is Jusanya-this was in the 19th year of the Meiji era. At that time, my house was in Otsuka, Koishikawa. Trains come and go in that area, and it has become a busy land unlike the old days, but until the end of the Meiji era, it was still a lonely town, and old buildings from the Edo period still remained. Moreover, in the 19th year of the Meiji era, when I was still a boy of 156, Yamanote was a lonely town at the end of the field, and the nine-minute street of a private house was a relic of Edo. It was pitch black everywhere, and the traffic of girls and children was a little creepy. That's why, of course, the rent is cheap and the rent is cheap. My dad bought a small ground and a house there and lived there, so I grew up there too.
However, a man named Kajii, a friend of mine in junior high school, has decided to move to the other side of my house. Kajii's father was a bank clerk, and he would have bought the ground and the house at an exorbitantly low price. I used to live in the old Hatamoto called Honda Numazu, and I had set up a mansion here since Edo, but after the restoration, I failed in various businesses and finally gave up the mansion since my ancestors. We have withdrawn towards Numazu. I bought it and the Kajii family got in a new one, but it was a very nice one unlike ours because it was a mansion of Hatamoto. Of course, the mansion itself was a very old building, and it seemed that it was a lot of people living in it, but the inside of the mansion was quite large, and when the garden, the front entrance, and the open space behind it were combined, it was said that there was more than 1,000 tsubo. It was.
As I said before, the mansion was a lot of trolls, so it was said that Kajii's house cost a lot of money to clean it, but after the house was cleaned, I started to clean the garden further. At that time, I was a child, and I didn't know the details, but Kajii's father had some kind of mountain work, and in today's terms, it seems to be a kind of riche, so I put in a lot of craftsmen every day. I was working well. Then it was one Sunday afternoon. Kajii rushed into my house and told me to come and see it because there was something strange.
At the beginning of November, it was probably Indian summer << from Koharubi >>. From the morning, the sky was lush and sunny, and Takinogawa and Asakusa were set and it was a bright day when people seemed to come out. Kajii was out of breath and came to call me, so I went out to the porch and asked.
"Mysterious thing ... What's wrong?"
"A big snake came out from under the edge of Mr. Inari."
I started laughing unintentionally. Kajii used to live in the downtown area of Shitamachi, so he might make a noise when he sees snakes, but we who grew up in the grass here think that snakes and frogs are our friends. .. Kajii explained further when he saw my face, which was boring.
"You know. In the corner of my garden, there are two big zelkova trees, and various miscellaneous trees, elephants, grow like bushes around them. Below is a small Inari shrine "Yashiro". "
"Hmm, I know. It's very old. It's a company that's about half as dead. Did a snake come out from under that edge?"
"It's a gray-like snake about three shaku."
"It's about three shaku ... It's small, isn't it?" I laughed again. "There are a lot of kens here."
"No, it's not just snakes. Well, come early and see."
Kajii urged me all the time, so when I followed him thinking about something, the grass was rough in the large garden, and miscellaneous trees and shrubs 《Kanboku》 were overgrown like bushes. About a dozen gardeners gathered under the big zelkova in the corner of the garden, and there was a lot of noise [# "Wayawaya"). Kajii's father also stood with garden clogs.
This company has been worshiped here since the time of its previous owner, Mochinushi, but it has been very difficult and the new owner has a little respect for things like Inari-sama. I didn't have it, so I decided to take care of the garden. No, it doesn't take much time to remove it. It was an old small company that would collapse immediately if a big man put his hands on it and pushed one. Even so, when three or four craftsmen gathered together and finally decided to take over the company, I suddenly noticed that the low torii gate in front of the company had an amount of "13 nights Inari". 》 Is applied. There are various things for Inari, but Juso Night Inari is rare. Upon hearing that, Kajii went with his father and mother, and the letters on the old forehead were certainly read as Juso-ya Inari.
Kajii's father also said that it was a strange Inari. When I asked him to check the inside of the company just in case, he found a small white wooden box. There was a lock on the box, and when I smashed it with rust, I found a seal of writing and a woman's black hair hidden at the bottom of the box. I don't remember the exact letters of the writing, but it was about this.
[# Indent two characters from here]
The person who claims to be a concubine of our family, the servant and the unrighteousness are revealed. The black hair is celebrated here as a concubine.
[# End of indentation here]
It seems that there was often such a thing in the old Hatamoto mansion, but it seems that the ghost is cursed and it is rarely worshiped as a god of a company anyway. When I realized that, the craftsmen also became a little creepy. However, Kajii's father was a so-called civilized person, so he just laughed at him and tried to throw his writings and black hair into the burning bonfire, but only a woman. First of all, I blocked it. Then, when I broke the company, there was a gray snake under the rim, and in the meantime, people disappeared into the bush.
The snake went unnoticed, but the writing and black hair remained. Kajii's mother said she wanted to send it to her temple, turn around, and have her buried in the corner of the graveyard. It turned out that Kajii came to call me because he wanted to show it. With the help of a kind of curiosity, I was shown the black hair and the writing for the time being, but at that time I just thought it was just like this, and I couldn't think of anything special. Of course, I couldn't believe that the ghosts were haunting. I was a more civilized boy than Kajii's father.
Since the writing says "the night of the moon viewing later", I discovered to my husband that a concubine named Otama was secretly meeting with his servant, probably when he was holding the moon viewing party on the 13th night of September. It must have been successful or defeated on the spot. Since the anniversary of his death is 13 nights, it seems that he was called 13 nights Inari. The former owner, Honda, lived in this mansion for generations, so it is probable that there was such an incident in his husband's generation several generations ago. Seeing that the pillar of the torii is reconstructed in the third year of Ansei, it seems that it was reconstructed the following year after it collapsed in the earthquake of the second year of Ansei.
Looking back from that, Kajii said that this incident had to be a long time ago, but I didn't listen too much. I didn't care about this. Therefore, I had never heard of whether the black hair or writings were sent to the temple or turned into bonfire ashes, and the subsequent disposal.
Well, this is just an old tale that something like this happened, but since there are still talks after that, I was made to think a little about the civilization.
Kajii is not very healthy, so I tend to take a day off from school, so I graduated a year later than I did. Then I went to Yushima's Saisei Gakusha with the intention of becoming a doctor. Saisei Gakusha was very popular at that time, and it is said that there are tens of thousands of doctors nationwide who have graduated from that school and are practicing "Hello" today. I often saw the name of a student at Saisei Gakusha for a young man who was enthusiastic about Hara. Kajii was one of them, and in the fall of the 22nd, he had a soul of morphine with a ghost in a rental parlor in Yoshiwara. He was the only son, his parents loved him, he didn't have to worry about money, and he didn't understand why he planned his heart. Did you feel pessimistic about your illness? Or was it invited by a woman? First of all, there was no choice but to make such an interpretation.
When I went to Kajii's house to regret, his mother talked in tears.
"I don't know at all why I did something ill-advised. If you ask me carefully, the other woman is the daughter of a man named Honda who used to live in this mansion. To Numazu After I retired, it became inconvenient and I decided to sell my daughter to Yoshiwara. Did you know that? "
"I see, it's a strange connection. Kajii-kun, of course, knew it. Because he knew it, I think both of them finally felt a kind of connection," I said. "Even so, when Kajii left the house, did you think of anything from now on? I was really surprised ..."
"I took a break from school on the day and went out in the afternoon. At that time, my mom said that it was the old Jusanya tonight, and I broke the alcove in the garden. I thought I would take it to my friend, so I didn't mind it. I heard later that there was a plow between the floors of the tatami room where they died. is."
Thirteen nights-My head of civilization suddenly came to me.
The following year was the Sino-Japanese War. It was rumored that Kajii's father made a lot of money in connection with the sale of munitions or something, but he started various businesses because of the heat of business rise after the war. Unfortunately, I finally got my property in my hands and left with a pity.



Bottom book: "Woman stepped on the shadow" Kobunsha Bunko, Kobunsha
October 20, 1988 (Showa 63) First edition 1 print issued
September 5, 2001 (Heisei 13) 3 prints
First appearance: "Photo notification"
October 1924 (Taisho 13)
Input: Hiroshi Kadota, Shigeo Kobayashi
Calibration: hongming
Created January 13, 2006
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
