Maternity store
Sakutaro Hagiwara
Ryunosuke Akutagawa

The man cut the 蘆 from the river and laid a maternity store on the woman's father. Then I pulled back and went to the bank of the previous river. I knelt in the cut 蘆 and prayed to Amaterasu Omikami for the happiness of my mother and child.
When the sun came, the woman left the maternity store and came to the man in the 蘆.
He said, "Please come back on the seventh day. I will show you my child at that time."
The man was as soon as possible to see the born child. However, the woman's request was obediently accepted like a father.
The sun went down in it. The man boarded a dugout canoe, which was connected to the 蘆, and rowed lonely to the village downstream.
However, when he returned to the village, the man thought that waiting for seven days was more difficult than being cut off.
Therefore, I went with seven jade balls around my neck one by one every day. At the very least, I tried to comfort the number.
Every day, I left the east and went to the west. The number of magatama on the man's neck decreased by one each time. However, on the sixth day, the man finally lost his manga.
That evening, when I connected the dugout canoe in the 蘆, the man sneaked up near the maternity store.
When I came to see it, the inside of the maternity store was as if there were no people, and it was quiet. Now, only the thatched roof on the roof sent a cheek on a warm autumn day.
The man opened the door softly.
A child appears to move vaguely on the floor with 蘆 leaves.
The man stepped into the maternity store more slowly than before. Well, I was terrified.
At that time. The water of the river shook the roots of the 蘆, astonished by the horrifying screaming voice.
It is no wonder that the man screamed. The child born by the woman was seven small white snakes. …………
Around this time, I was looking at my collection of works with the kindness of a man in this myth.



Bottom book: "Complete Works of Ryunosuke Akutagawa, No. 1" Iwanami Shoten
Issued on July 13, 1977 (Showa 52)
First appearance: "Bell No. 4"
Issued on August 1, 1917 (Taisho 6)
Input: Katsumi Okayama
Calibration: noriko saito
Created September 9, 2010
Revised April 14, 2011
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
