My view of life
(8) Ango Sakaguchi
Ango Sakaguchi

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Wataru

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) [# Enter the signpost figure (fig43202_01.png)]

/ \: Double dance character (repeated symbol in the shape of a vertically lengthened "ku")
(Example) Goro / \
-------------------------------------------------- -----

A person died again at Mt. Tanigawa. In the news of the deaths of various people, it makes me feel a refreshing and peaceful life.
The events caused by human beings are somewhat gloomy, regardless of whether they are ceremonial or uncertain. The human odor is something that you can't get rid of in the dark shadows because you can't get rid of it no matter what you put it on. However, when the other person becomes natural, human beings are like gods.
I rarely climb mountains like mountain climbing, but once I lost my life in the mountains. But it doesn't matter. It's not a mountain like a mountain. It was a mountain that was rumbling everywhere, which even the people of the village couldn't name, and in addition, it died at the foot of the mountain, like the entrance.
It seems that a senior in the same town who was a lawyer named Ban was longing for a dream-like life when he was young. From the shaded Wada in the back of Ome, I wondered if there was a little bit of a town walk on the hillside plaza where I went into the mountain and crossed the Tanigawa river. Or maybe there was more than a town walk. It was a hillside surrounded by small mountains, but it was a very sunny grassland. There were no bushes or shrubs, only weeds. Or Mr. Ban may have cut all the trees.
He may have intended to keep cows there and live a natural person's life. He wrote such a dream for "modification" about 20 years ago. At that time, it was a time when people read and loved the life of Toro Forest. In literature, it was around the time when the Shinkankakuha emerged. When communism was beginning to spread on the one hand and romanticism on the other.
Anyway, not only was he longing for it, he actually started doing it. I built a hut on this hillside and lived there. It was a well-made hut. It's a hut he built with his own hands. Since it is a mountain full of cedar trees, the cedar was cut to build a hut and the roof was covered with cedar bark, but it has never been rained. The hut has only one room of about 12 tatami mats. However, there is a windswept kitchen with only a roof in the dirt floor, and it is designed to dig a hole in the middle to sprout the fire and put a free pot on it. It seems to be a habit of reading while boiling, and there was a bookshelf in the windswept, and there were about 200 books. Although it was in the windswept area, it was near the siding in contact with the hut, so there were no traces of it getting dirty due to the wind and rain. All of them seemed to have appropriate values, but it seems that there are no thieves in the mountains, and when I rented this hut after my husband left and remained unmanned for more than a year, both books and pots The futon and the mosquito net were exactly the same. There were quite a few books in the four corners of the hut.
He said he had a harder time pulling the water from Tanigawa than building a hut. There is an open-air bath, and Toyo is drawn around the forest from the upstream so that the water of Tanigawa always flows into it. However, when I was struck, Toyo had fallen leaves in unmanned years, and Toyo at the entrance of Tanigawa had been washed away due to the wind and rain, making it useless. The open-air bath was filled with rainwater and frogs lived there, so I had to carry the boiled water back and forth to Tanigawa. This is inconvenient. In a place with a lot of spiders, I stepped on the spider web and reached Tanigawa, and when I came back with water, the spider web was already repaired and it was like crossing the sea of spider webs on both round trips.
I don't know how many years he lived naturally in this hut, but he seems to have eaten animals and plants that grow naturally in the mountains, and after a bloody hermit life, the child born was a disabled person with weak skeleton. So, it seems that natural life is not healthy for humans. He said that he had dropped the flying squirrel that appeared near the hut at twilight with a bow and boiled it, but when I hung the hut, the bow was properly attached to the hut. A handmade bow made of bamboo. I didn't eat the flying squirrel. Getemono is an inedible Tachi. The original name of the flying squirrel is flying squirrel. It is a beast that looks like a cat with bat wings on its four legs. Like bats, it seems to have a habit of jumping from a tree branch to eat food at twilight.
I was an elementary school teacher in a village near Tokyo in 20 years. It is a substitute teacher. It is now a busy city in Tokyo, but at that time it was completely Musashino. It was a rural and natural forest village. However, he lived in the village, who had drawn up the natural life in the mountains. He was walking in a fez. When I was walking with my children to the natural forest to draw a picture, I met him in a fez. A little excursion began only while we lived in the village, and one summer it was like renting his lodge.
Elementary school teachers have a hard time attacking their parents. My child is a special child, and my devoted parents tell me that they are noisy, so they don't understand my fair judgment. He's just unilaterally enthusiastic, and he's lost his humble attitude to listen to these words. The elementary school teacher is also interesting, but when he tells him that he is not good at this, he smiles quietly and smiles.
"That's right. How about this? When you talk to such parents, you first speak with a thin voice that you can't hear. Gradually, I raise my voice so that I can hear it. The other person naturally has an attitude of trying to hear this story. "
He taught me the secret, but it didn't seem to have the effect of saving me from my weaknesses. This teaching has had a negative effect at a later date. When I was talking to a person and noticed that my voice was thin, I wasn't consciously doing so, but remembering his teachings made me feel very sad. It makes me feel uncomfortable as if I was using wrongdoing or fraud. However, he does not feel uncomfortable, only remembering the strangeness and a little nostalgia.
I think it was when Takeo Oda and Chogoro Kaionji received the Akutagawa Prize, but there was an award ceremony that imitated a literary artist in the rainbow. There was a self-introduction at the table. When my turn came, I stood up and gave my first and last name, and Kan Kikuchi, who was facing each other,
"You are bigger and bigger"
Shouted. I have no relationship with him. This is the only word he has called to me, but I may have made some glimpses at this time. I have never been so dull as I remembered Mr. Ban's teachings.
Also, in that village, Fujita, his best friend painter, lived. I don't know the picture, but he seems to have been the one who wrote the picture of catfish for the rest of his life. I remember as if I had called myself a catfish. He was an innocent optimist, but he may have had a permanent birth. But it also seemed to be poor. Although he was born with only three hands and three toes, there was no room for concern about that. The other day, when I went to see the causal fruit hut, a man with three fingers and toes was on the spectacle, along with a human pump, but it was rather a spectacle for me. It was strange. Not only was the three-finger painter Fujita normal, but he was also a very healthy optimist.
The painter Fujita was originally a hermit, but Mr. Ban seems to be more of an Abekobe nature. However, the innate hermit would not want to bother to set up a hut in the mountains and run into the valley water. The person who dares to do it would be rather a natural profane, but to really embark on it without ending in fantasy, neither a dreamer nor a charlatan is the norm. He was a ferocious god during the war, and I read his godly treatise in his hometown newspaper, but it seems that no god had lost such a velvety logic. Whether it's a soldier, a politician, a magistrate, or a farmer, a person who tends to be divine is, on the other hand, a savvy calculator who, at first, speaks in a thin voice that cannot be heard by the other party. I thought that it seems to be a race that uses the heart for the rest of my life. It was terrifying that the builder of that mountain lodge became such a godsend. That lodge seems to have been his lifelong masterpiece.
I decided to live in his mountain lodge for one summer. If I was comfortable, I was thinking of quitting the substitute teacher at the elementary school and going to the mountains for the time being to read.
On the day of departure, a storm warning was issued. Unlike a trip like that, it's a departure like a half-priesthood, so I don't care about ukiyo-e warnings. It wasn't raining yet when I left home, but on the way, I took a detour to take a close look at life in the mountains, so I took some time (because I was waiting for him to come back from where I was going). When I got off at Ome station, it was a fierce rain. The Tama River had already filled the water, the muddy stream bit the embankment, and when I crossed the Ome Mannenbashi, I felt that the bridge was about to be dismantled. After crossing the Mannenbashi, it is already on the outskirts of the town of Ome, but (I don't know now) there is a store selling daily necessities and food. That is the last store on this road. It's a time when you don't have to carry rice or miso from Tokyo, so I decided to buy it at the last store on the outskirts of town so as not to look heavy as much as possible, so I asked him where the last store was. It was. All I brought out of my house was books, clothing and candy.
When I bought food for one summer, it became very dry. Rice, miso, soy sauce, azuki bean second, sugar, salt, potatoes, pumpkin, cabbage, etc. Not all of them fit in my backpack, so I put the vegetables in two Nanjing bags, tied them with a rope, and hung them on both sides of the backpack.
The reason for the second Azuki bean is that I am an asexual person, so I want to save the trouble of cooking as much as possible. Since he is a natural person who says that if he can eat enough food to survive without gastronomy, he is a taxan, so when he cooks rice, he needs side dishes. Staple food and side dishes, it takes a lot of time and effort again and again. However, azuki is like a staple food and a side dish, and you can sprinkle sugar on azuki bean and eat it by itself. It's really easy, so if you take turns between rice and azuki beans for a day, there's nothing wrong with your life, and it's easy to save time and effort on azuki days.
I don't like pumpkins, but the shop staff told me that the vegetables that can be preserved are pumpkins, so I bought pumpkins as well. The purpose was to save time rather than likes and dislikes, but in the end I never ate pumpkins. It's natural that you don't want to eat something you don't like.
Finally, about 10 pieces of luggage have been made here. The rain was more and more heavy, and on the day of the heavy rain of 400 mm or 500 mm in the mountains, the rain and luggage killed me and saved my life.
Walk to the shade Wada. There is Tanigawa. There is a shrine dedicated to raccoon dogs, and from there it bends into the mountains along the valley. I was walking while asking the people in the village about the raccoon dog's hocolat and the raccoon dog's hocolat, so I was seen as a raccoon dog with a suspicious face, and finally the policeman got off and chased me by bicycle. I was convinced of the matter and guided me to the raccoon dog's hocolat, but he rushed forward while pulling the bicycle, so I was tired to meet him with a heavy load. I have. There was already a feeling that the raccoon dog was rooted in the hocolat.
From here, we are finally in the mountains. If you go along the valley, you will see the Maruki Bridge. Climbing across it should lead to his hut, but it was too late to notice that the Maruki Bridge had been washed away by this dosha.
If you climb a small diameter along the valley, the mountain diameter becomes indistinguishable from the valley. Since the road itself is a rock, the dosha descent flows from the mountain and runs down the diameter, and it is not clear whether it is a road or a valley. And eventually, it becomes a valley at all. I had no choice but to return to the crossroads of the diameter and start climbing the other. I don't know if this is a road or a valley, and in the end it's nothing but a valley.
It is natural that all roads lead from village to village, eventually to where people are, even if they do not lead to Rome, but only the diameter of the mountain is useless. The main walking diameter is only wood stiffness, and it does not pass anywhere and disappears naturally in the depths of the mountain. No matter which diameter I walked, the Maruki Bridge did not appear, and the diameter disappeared naturally in the mountains, so I finally realized that the Maruki Bridge had been washed away. However, there should be a small diameter on the opposite bank of the place where the Maruki Bridge was, so I realized that I could go to the mountain lodge if I searched for it, but this small diameter on the opposite bank is his own private diameter, and it does not pass through wood stiffness for a year. Since he was away for half, he had lost his diameter. Gradually, the tasogare is getting tight. My sperm has attached. Then, when I thought about it, I slipped my foot and crashed into a deep valley.
As I fell to the bottom of the valley, I instantly wondered if I was finally dying, and when I was dying, I felt like this. That was all that came to my mind. And I thought it was nothing. It shouldn't be anything. Fatigue companion. When he reached that pole, he naturally fell to the bottom of the valley with the agek who lost all his power.
However, I didn't die. On the contrary, I didn't get injured. It is a lizard of the tenth rucksack. I fell on a rock, but the result was that I actually fell on a rucksack. The slope started from where it fell, and then I rolled it down to the bottom of the valley, terribly sloping. If I had even a little sperm, I could stop as much as I could in the middle of the slope, but no other will or resistance emerged. Don't die this time. It's nothing, I thought again when I would die. Then, Goron Goron, and finally, he crashed again and got stuck in Tanigawa.
It fell into the depths between the rocks in the valley.
Also, I didn't die. I died when even one shaku went astray, but it fell to a really clever place, with a rucksack stuck between the rocks, and only above my nose above the water. -ing I'm completely non-resisting, so if my nose wasn't on the water, I wouldn't have the sperm to get up and snort myself. Suddenly I noticed that I was breathing and only above the water from my nose. Oyaoya, I realized that I didn't die.
If you were still, your consciousness would gradually return. I have been urinating. My hands, torso and feet are in the water. I unbuttoned my pants underwater. And when I tried to urinate, something unexpected happened. No matter how much I look for it, there is no hose to urinate. There is no Horden and no penis. Noppera-bo, no matter how much you fumble.
When it reached the extreme of fatigue, everyone sneaked into the stomach and it was like this. Besides, I'm in Tanigawa, so it seems that it was awful. I don't know that at the time, so my odds at this time are out of the question. I struggled to get up, but I'm afraid I can't get up so easily. Still, that much sperm has not returned. I wasn't in a hurry when I thought I was going to die while falling, but I was in a hurry to see the disappearance of one thing.
For the first time, I admitted that a terrifying abnormality had occurred in my body. When I take my hand out of the water and hold it in front of me, it is a completely dark purple color. It seems that he is looking at the demon's hand that has been cut off, and it is not the color that can be imagined as the color of human skin. The color of the nails has changed to the same dark purple. I was no longer a man, and I was so sad that I swallowed it as if I had lost my usual skin color forever. In the meantime, warm urine was flowing from my stomach, so I finally regained my courage and hope. It was because I was able to think that this might be the case temporarily because of the fatigue companion agek.
While immersing in the water in this way, the valley twilighted and finally some sperm returned. I had given up on survival because I didn't have the power to climb to a very high diameter, but when the sperm returned, my genius of Ukiyo returned, and even if I didn't climb to the upper diameter, Nani, the diameter was as reliable as Tanigawa. There is no. The diameter of the mountain may happen to disappear naturally and not lead to the human settlement, but Tanigawa always leads to the human settlement. There is no more reliable way. In addition, it was decided that if we crossed Tanigawa and examined the opposite bank with our eyes on the plate, we would be able to discover the traces of the diameter of the Maruki Bridge. Then, with courage, he got up from the rocks and finally reached the mountain lodge just before he was about to settle down. The next morning, when I woke up, my whole body was swollen like big bumps everywhere, and I could hardly move. The sugar, salt and miso had lost their original shape and became muddy, but they seemed to be very grateful and irritating as they saved my life. I couldn't move for a day or two, and while licking the muddy, I was waiting for the return of Ichiyo with the feeling of a beast's hole.
I, however, did not stay in this hut for a long time. Just because of this heavy rain, the cliff behind the hut collapsed, and although there was nothing wrong with the hut, only the toilet was crushed. Perhaps he lost Negra because of the incident, but every night a snake wraps around the beam of the hut. It disappears during the day, but it wraps around in the evening. If you look closely, it looks like a pit viper. I don't want to be attacked by a pit viper in the middle of the night, so I decided to hang a mosquito net and hold the hem of the mosquito net with about 100 books without any gaps to sleep. Because of that, I realized that life in the mountains was not so easy, so I gave up hermit Yamanaka and went down the mountain.
It seems that a person named Yamazoe, who was a communist in his hometown, lived in this hut for several years or longer after he was released from prison, but his wife was finally bitten by a pit viper. However, it seems that there was no difference in life.
Tanigawadake is a beautiful mountain. Since my hometown is on the other side of the mountain, I could often see the beautiful mountain in each season while looking at it from the train window on the way back and forth. Especially in winter, it's beautiful, but it's probably the case in every mountain. It's a familiar mountain to the eye, but I haven't climbed it yet.
I was the first to die at the entrance of an unnamed mountain near Ome, and the impression was so bright and nostalgic that people died in the mountain. I am deeply moved and do not know the darkness that I feel about the death of a person.
However, in this case, there was one woman who survived, and according to that person's report, she was in distress because someone had changed the direction of the signpost in the opposite direction. It's a really terrible story.
I am interested in crime. If you are interested in humans, it is natural that you are interested in crime. And, as for crime, there is a feeling that the person is being cornered and clogged up, so there are usually some things that can be saved and some that cannot be hated. From the grouper's point of view, it is natural that there seems to be another way to dodge, even if it is not so boring, but the person in question is not free to look in all directions with calm eyes. .. No matter how sensible a person is, emotional motivation is not something that can be dealt with by reason alone.
Sin has already been saved by the person suffering from regret. The villain's heart is sad. However, there is a crime of a good man here, and there are times when he does not feel guilty. A teacher who claims to assassinate a secretary and save the nation, not to mention those who secretly care about the heroes of the nation's salvation, not to mention sinners, teachers who set students, servants, children, etc. The crimes of good people, from superiors to fathers, are not very small.
It is an ancient custom to see resistance to a master or parent as a wrongdoing, but it is also sad and painful for those who are called and children, and forget to take it as a reason. And wield privileges. Therefore, emotions are mottled and oppressed, and there is usually the most appropriate reason for killing a main murder or a parent murder. Without understanding this reason, it is the person who has lost the correct judgment because of the feudal murder system to take seriously the main murder and the parent murder. Laws that have been part of the Lord and parents from the beginning should not be in the world of civilization. It's just a youkai of the past, but Japanese law is still in a sad state of reigning as a youkai.
The good man who went out returned with a foreign lady from a foreign country. For the wife who was waiting in the mainland and the foreign lady, it is a serious problem to leave, but a woman deputy who has divorced a good man from the same position in the past visited the Japanese wife. And, like I did, I advised you to withdraw, because the Lady Deputy does not feel guilty with good intentions and kindness. You and others are different. Human relationships and the environment are completely different for each person, and therefore there can be no formula for solving human relationships forever. Meimei should open up her own life on her own. Without making such a reason, the goodness that you thought you should do because you are like this is truly unhelpful. The sin of a good man is something that cannot be done.
The same is true for innocent sins, and the mischief of changing the signpost's muki is due to ignorance that does not take fearful sins about the result, and even if there is no malice, ignorance itself is a sin. There is no salvation, just no malice.
However, in this case of Mt. Tanigawa's signpost, I thought that the criminal would not be known forever, and as if I had read a well-made detective novel, the mystery was solved one after another, and the ending was beautiful. It seems that the curtain was closed with a refreshing feeling, which is suitable for the figure.
This ending is also a sin born of ignorance in the end, but it is a sad sin because of being caught in the body.
The main character of Hoshi Onsen had miswritten the signpost without taking the person himself. He wrote on the arrow-shaped signpost, first with the arrow on the left and on the left, with Sen no Kurahira. By the way, I turned the board over and wrote the Sen no Kuradaira mark on the left side. If you turn the board upside down in the same direction, the letters will turn upside down, so I turned it over so that it wouldn't turn upside down and wrote it on the left. However, he did not notice that instead of turning upside down, he turned upside down this time. In other words, since the front is written on the left, if the back is not written on the right, it will not point in the same direction on the front and back, but he does not notice that much and only pays attention to the fact that it does not turn upside down, both are written on the left I have done it. As a result, the following signpost was created.
[# Enter the signpost figure (fig43202_01.png)]
That is, the front and back are pointing in the opposite direction of the arrow. It is not true that the position to set the signpost was wrong. This signpost does not work perfectly no matter where you stand in the world. Because it points to the front and back. Of course, the owner of Hoshi Onsen cannot be malicious. He probably didn't notice that the results on the left, both sides aligned, pointed to Abekobe.
When this scary fact was discovered, I suddenly thought of my brother-in-law, Koumura Murayama, the singer of the main character of a sake brewery in Echigo Yamanaka. He is the owner of an old family who has been in the mountains for about 600 years, and is also a trivia master. Most of the old houses in the countryside are trivia masters. Surprisingly, in a place like this in the mountains, a freelancer who is a graduate of a Western university and who has lived in the West for ten years has no choice but to order new books one after another and get free. I'm reading and sleeping as a testimony. My brother-in-law (my eldest sister is Hosono) is also a trivia scholar who has a free time, and the customers of the story fountain are familiar with it, but what is common to the trivia masters in the countryside is an important mandrel. Is missing one. It lacks the important Kandokoro and the mandrel of reason. In other words, if you write the signpost of Mt. Tanigawa, you will notice that it is not upside down, and even if you notice until you align your head so that it is not upside down, but this time you have to write from the opposite direction to point to the direction of Abekobe. There is a brittleness that you wouldn't even notice.
Fortunately, in the mountains where he lives, the mountains are really deep, and the clouds and snow are deep, but there is no famous mountain in the vicinity where a cityman can come and climb. If Mt. Tanigawa is in the vicinity of him, it is up to him that the local youth group and the caretaker will ask him to write the signpost. He wrote very carefully and enthusiastically, and might have ended up writing a signpost pointing to the front and back abekobe that wouldn't work anywhere in the world, which would eventually kill a mountaineer. ..
I was glad I wasn't him, but when I thought he might have done the same gusset, I was caught up in myself and couldn't finish it.
If I wrote this signpost, the gusset would not have happened. But that is a matter of degree. In the case of this signpost, the gusset does not occur, but if there are more complicated or blind spots, I will always wake up. Not just me. Anyone can cause a gusset. There is no human without a blind spot.
This is also a sin of ignorance. However, unlike the mischief that a child reverses the direction of the signpost, the person is sincere and sincere, and Mijin is also sad because he is not mischievous. The Abekobe signpost is certainly killing five people. It is a terrifying sin of ignorance, but it is also a sad sin that cannot be overlooked by all human beings. It is a fearless word that I have not committed such a sin, not only when, where and when I commit a similar sin, but also that I am unaware of the sin I have committed.
It is strange that it is a mountain like Mt. Tanigawa where many people die, and it seems that there are almost no facilities to reduce death, but the tourism section of the prefecture, the Japan Mountaineers Association, and other specialized areas are responsible. The first mistake would be to leave it to the local civilians without setting a guidepost. I can blame the oversight, but I can't hate the sad sins of the civilians who wrote the signpost. I'm just struck by my loneliness and my sadness, and I just can't finish it. No matter how well-meaning a person may be, it is impossible to escape from such a painful sin. The only way to escape this sin is to do nothing for the rest of your life.
Since the invention of the atomic bomb, it seems that civilization has come to its limit, but atomic bombs are tools that only crush people and are as easy as killing people. There is nothing. Since I was a half-beast man who was completely ignorant of human beings, I didn't have to worry as much as killing a person with a single log stick.
However, considering the aspect of helping people's inochi and curing illness, I feel that most civilizations are still the wind that blows away. Even the function of the human body is still unclear. Although he has asthma, his identity is unknown and he has not yet had a silver bullet. What is the function of the liver? What is the function of brain miso? It is not clear either. How to get rid of the poor? It is not clear either. There is still a long way to go for civilization. Even the law seems to still have the special crime of murder.
I haven't returned home for a while, so I haven't seen Mt. Tanigawa for a long time, but I often remembered the beautiful mountain scenery in this case and missed it. Human loneliness, ignorance, and their sad sins come to life like that cool mountain. Along with the five spirits, human loneliness must not be merciful as well.
Because it was the New Year issue, I was asked to talk about the style, but it depends on whether this is a style or not.
Congratulations on the new year, though at the end. Lie. How many days is it today? Really. Congratulations on your new year. Abayo.



Bottom book: "Ango Sakaguchi Complete Works 09" Chikuma Shobo
October 20, 1998 (Heisei 10) First edition first print issued
Parent of the original: "Shincho Vol. 48, No. 1"
Issued on January 1, 1951 (Showa 26)
First appearance: "Shincho Vol. 48, No. 1"
Issued on January 1, 1951 (Showa 26)
Input: tatsuki
Proofreading: Taijiro Hanada
Created March 24, 2006
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
