The road of youth
Yuriko Miyamoto

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Storage << Unchiku >>

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) [# with ground] [May 1937]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

Today is a deep contradiction between the extremely natural desire to live a meaningful life as a human being and the form of life we have to live in in modern society. There is. In the Meiji era, it was possible to think at least to a certain extent that studying at school and doing good human activities by leaning on the savings after going out to society. Was there. Not now. The content of the question of how to live is very complicated, and even if you are living a student life or a salaryman life every day, you are just doing so-called outside life smoothly. Then, this problem is not solved essentially yet. Serious people feel it deeply every day and suffer from it.
The question of how to live today is partly due to the university's loss of academic autonomy and the lethargy of Intelligentia, who lost the historical direction and perspective of survival as the left wing receded. It is also a fact that it is newly raised. However, is it only such a negative mood that stimulates this desire for pursuit? I can confidently say that this is not the case for the honor of my youth. The reality of today's society is full of facts that make humans with white common sense feel some kind of indignation. Whether it is the stupid regionalism that emerges above the culture or the overrun of science, there is a clear conflict with the legitimate invocation of the intellect, which is the most essential of intelligentsia. At the root of rethinking how to live, we know not only what to do if we never live, but also what should be denied from human reason and emotions. However, what kind of actual way should we express it, and where is the way? There is an enthusiastic and painful search for how to grasp what should be affirmed as an intellectual and what should be constructed in one's daily life, which is full of contradictions.
In yesterday's newspaper, there was an article about a young man who became an assistant professor at a university at the age of 25. Looking at the picture, I wondered where this person was going through today's life. In modern times, I think that a young man who has been able to unify his scholarship and the stability of his social life in such a convenient way is a complete exception. I was wondering how this person was aware of the value of the exceptional circumstances in light of the reality of the hundreds of thousands of young people today. It doesn't make sense to just go around a mundane academic course. In the meantime, there was a time when the social missions of conscientious human beings were considered dually, with an emphasis on social and political behaviors other than their specialized skills. There was a feeling of embarrassment that I lost the way to live conscientiously as a human being because the possibility of such an action disappeared from the surroundings. But today understanding has been deepened by experience. It is possible to participate in social progress from that path through each specialized activity, and to that extent, release each person's specialized academic knowledge and skills from the conventional academic ones and grasp them vigorously and socially. I think we have reached the point where we should do it. It should be the life of a scholar that is truly devoted so that each one can live on that path, fight for progress on that path, and die with pride for that path. In terms of numbers, there are more people who are living as students in the process of becoming office workers than those who are studying to become scholars. There are even popular songs about the unrelenting, hopelessness, and dullness of the nightlife of office workers, but only where young office workers talk about the meaninglessness of their lives in a self-deprecating manner, their intellectuals It feels really regrettable to me to have a slight pride.
Isn't it clear that there is no rise in life today when Japanese capitalism was in its prosperity? In contrast to the vague contrast with what has actually disappeared, the reason why the present is lowered is that the standing career of the old days is still in mind. The road to living a human life is almost blocked. Nevertheless, we are human as long as we live. Therefore, it is impossible to obtain human desire and must live. The more human beings we have in our daily lives, the more our hearts have to burn in search of them. Where is the substance of life other than the sincerity of pursuing this desire in the way that is possible at that time in the seemingly unrelenting light of life as a salaried worker in the daily ordinary civil life?
The environment creates people. However, it is humans who can change the environment. Historically, when looking at social life, one often takes up the aspect of one's life being influenced by the times, but why forgets the important meaning that one is creating the times. What is writing the history of tomorrow is the life of today, and the substance of that way of life changes the content of history. History is not flowing away. History is steadily flowing through the unseen efforts that are being made while suffering from the friction of contradictions. The expression "going out of the school window to society" is often used, but when you think about it, this is strange. Since human beings were born in a certain environment, isn't it already a social fact? Who would say today that a boy's life is not social? Youth, its content, and the youth's awareness of its content are social facts that determine the fifty years of history. Humans live only once in this world. That one life must survive humanly, most humanly, with the most humble and unreliable. [# With ground] [May 1937]



Bottom book: "Miyamoto Yuriko Complete Works Vol. 14" Shinnihon Shuppansha
First edition issued on July 20, 1979 (Showa 54)
Issued the 5th printing on March 20, 1986 (Showa 61)
Parent of the bottom book: "Miyamoto Yuriko Complete Works Vol. 9" Kawade Shobo
Published in August 1952 (Showa 27)
First appearance: "Kwansei Gakuin Shimbun"
May 20, 1937 (Showa 12) issue
Input: Takuji Shibata
Proofreading: Susumu Yoneda
Created May 26, 2003
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
