Clear story
Kunieda Shiro

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Kaku << Makoto >>
-------------------------------------------------- -----

It is undisputed that the detective novel has declined since one time.
The number of magazines has decreased. I don't publish many detective novels in popular magazines either. Almost no detective novels can be published in newspapers. I no longer publish books.
×
Why did it decline?
It's a clear story.
This is because the work was not interesting and the readers no longer supported it.
×
Why did detective novels become less interesting?
It's a clear story.
This is because ready-made writers do not write good works, and there are no new writers who are good.
×
Detective novels are suitable for Makoto as a type of popular literature.
The one called popular literature mage also uses the type of detective novel.
I used to be a detective novelist, and I still use the most detective novel patterns to create.
Popular literature mage is becoming more and more popular today. It's not a declining turmoil, but it will finally flourish in the future.
Then, even pure detective novels must be popular, isn't it?
How can it become popular?
It's a clear story.
It can't be helped than writing a good work for an established writer and writing a good work for a lot of good up-and-coming writers.
×
When it comes to studying, reading Western detective novels and studying tricks is not the only study.
It is also a study to start a movement and make the detective novel world lively.
If the world is crazy, even the humans living inside are crazy.
If you want to make humans live, you need to make the world live.
It is to start exercise.
Because it can be thin, you can publish a lot of magazines, preach a bookstore and publish it, hold a meeting, hold a lecture, and put up a villa on the street.
×
Go to Mr. Kameo Chiba, listen to his opinions, and put them into practice immediately.
×
Inspire Mr. Uson Morishita as a high-class ronin (who is not troubled by his life and has built and delivered a fine house).
Then let me plan something.
×
Edogawa, Koka, Oshita, Mizutani Let these four seniors join hands and do something! Something is fine, something! Something good came out.
×
Although I said all that was clear above, next time I want to make a detective novel, I would like to say that it is also necessary to make a line by looking at the proximity without looking too far.
I broadcasted on the radio something like how to make a line, but I wanted to make an example of this, and I had a wall hanging with embroidered Western-style building, a plaster face, and a beautiful woman's hand in my study. I was staring at Ukiyo-e standing on the edge for about thirty minutes, and once made a line for a detective novel. The source was not broadcast due to time constraints, but it is possible to create a novel with a strange taste by rejecting something close to us.
By just scrutinizing the lover's body and scrutinizing it, about a thousand detective novels should be able to be made.



Bottom book: "Complete Works of Shiro Kunieda Detective Novels, Volume 1" Sakusha
First print issued on September 15, 2005
Parent of the bottom book: "Profuru"
January 1935 (Showa 10)
First appearance: "Professional"
January 1935 (Showa 10)
Input: Hiroshi Kadota
Proofreading: Motoki Morita
Created on September 1, 2015
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
