History of my activity photo bystander
Mansaku Itami

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Bullet "Tama"

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Numbers are JIS X 0213 area area number, or original page and number of lines)
(Example) * [# 4th level 2-13-28, where the vertical bar made by "rubbing" penetrates downward]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

I think it was the fall of Meiji 39.
At that time, I was seven years old, and my father took me to see the activity photos at the hanging hut in Shinkaichi, Kobe Port.
The actual situation of the Russo-Japanese War (?) Was reflected in the projection curtain that swelled like waves when it was blown by the wind coming from the gap of the tent.
We were standing in the audience seats (although it was always just a few tsubo of damp ground made of timber and cloth) and watching while pushing each other. Of course, a child like me couldn't see the screen without going out to the front. The ground is dark, so even if you don't understand it, you can touch the mandarin orange peel and the ramune bottle by moving your feet, and you can trip over a large weed plant when you try to walk.
A field artillery who set up a position in a long and narrow grove of trunks was once actively bombarding the enemy.
The white smoke pops up every time it hits, and the carriage rushes to the ground. The artillery dodge and scatter. Immediately gather and move on to the next action. I worked very diligently with Chiyoko Chiyoko. In reality, the agility of movement is so human that it seems unlikely that he will go. However, sadly, the artillery who worked hard with this chiyokochiyoko gradually fell apart with each other, and finally became one. However, the work of this last person was exactly like the Order of the Golden Kite. When I tried to carry the bullet "Tama" now, it was loaded at the next moment. When I think so, I occupy the seat of the shooter without a break. White smoke. Retrograde carriage. Cartridge case. Carrying ammunition. Oh. It's fast enough to hurt my eyes when I'm watching. It's no longer a human business. It seems that the demons have changed and are doing super-speed artillery for Japan. However, the time has finally come for the work of this demon to end. When the enemy's bullets burst in the immediate vicinity of the carriage and I thought the screen was full of smoke, this last gunner also fell down in the smoke like a stick. Countless pale rain streaks run from top to bottom on the screen.
As far as I can remember, my activity photo bystander history seems to start at this time.
There was Yachiyoza near Minatogawa Shrine. (I think there was also Daikokuza, but I can't seem to get it.)
Around the same time, I remember being taken by a relative to see an activity photo there. It was all Western photographs, one of which was a short story about a child. The entrance to the house is high and there are wide stairs from the entrance to the ground. One of the stairs had a sturdy, decorated balustrade, and women and children went up and down the stairs along the balustrade. That's all I remember about the photo. It may be because the stairs with balustrades were enviable.
There were two or three live-action shots. One would be the World's Fair in San Francisco or somewhere. There is a large artificial pond. There is a narrow slope that reaches the surface of the pond from a place higher than the heavens, and a boat with people on it slides down the slope with tremendous force and jumps into the pond. The moment the boat reaches the surface of the water, the smoke stands white and it becomes difficult to judge what the fate of the boat and people was. However, in the next moment, the bow of the boat appears a curve similar to the neck of a swan, passing through the smoke. Eventually, the men and women of the boat row with laughter as if nothing had happened. And at that time, the next boat was already smoking. This scene leaves an impression that is so lively that it cannot be thought of as an activity photograph.
Next, there was a dance like a celestial maiden dance. From the point of view, it seems that the Italian color is rich. A mysterious beauty that mixes curves and curved surfaces by swinging something like a large furoshiki worn by a beautiful woman and manipulating it freely as if it were a part of her body. I dance while scribbling, but the large furoshiki is dyed in a beautiful and mysterious color that constantly changes from one to the next, especially when it turns into a poisonous crimson, it seems as if it sways up. It showed the illusion of standing in the air.
At the end, there was a live-action shot of fireworks with beautifully colored eyes.
The strange and mysterious beauty stunned me. And he just hoped that this beautiful magic would never end. My chest seemed to be tightened because I was worried that it would end soon. And when the end time finally came, I felt desperate and deep loneliness.
The memory of the activity photos I saw in Kobe is over.
When I was eight years old, I returned to my hometown of Matsuyama. And I spent there until the 18th spring.
It was thirteen years ago that the permanent building was built in Matsuyama.
Until the permanent building was built, I was looking at the pictures brought by the patrol corps in the playhouse or the hanging hut of the soul festival.
I remember seeing General Nogi's story in the hanging hut of the soul festival. The photo is based on the story of General Nogi from his childhood, and when General Nogi, who still has bangs, is walking on a lonely country road, he sees Onyudo, a one-legged ghost of an umbrella, and various other things. The monsters appeared in turn, changing their tastes. General Nogi laughed and laughed every time a new monster appeared, and repeated the same line, saying, "I'm not an unmanned" (childhood name of the general) who is surprised at that. " Of course, it's a benshi's dull voice, but I'm amazed at the whimsical selection of human memory when I see that the knots still remain in my ears this year.
At that time, there were four theaters in Matsuyama. Two of the four were in the main spot, of which Shinei-za was the first-class and Juza was the second-class.
The other two are at the end of the field and are both third-rate, but I don't know because one of these three-rate has never been a pineapple.
What I know is a hut called Suehiroza, which is right next to Matsuyama Station on the Iyo Railway.
Suehiro-za seems to be a relatively new name, and my grandmother and others always used the old name to call it Onishi-za.
This hut has disappeared now, but it was a mysterious hut, and it was on the premises of the ivy station rather than near the station.
The stage and spectator seats were on the second and third floors of the building, and this hut did not have the first floor.
On the first floor, there was a drop-in line at the station, and it looked like a warehouse without a door, and anyone could pass through freely. Instead, you have to be careful not to trip over the railroad tracks in the dark at night, and sometimes you may hit your nose even though a black freight car is pulled in the darkness. At one point, salt straw was piled up along the wall, and there was no place to pass, which made me sick.
Because it was originally located on the premises of a station that was not very large, it was not far from the center of the station. Therefore, the sound of the whistle, the sound of steam, the sound of the wheels, the sound of the departure bell, and all the other sounds that accompany the management of the railway business did not hesitate to jump into the theater and grab the attention of the sights. The unfortunate sights of this hut couldn't forget that their bodies were in the neighborhood of the platform, even when they were watching the play by Tadaomizo.
If you think about it now, it seems that this hut was run by the Iyo Railway Company from the location of the site, but if so, the relationship between these two businesses is quite strange.
As a possible theater location, it seems that there are not many places that are more inappropriate than the premises of the stop. The mechanism is such that the sharpest and most realistic sound is heard, and the play and activity are shown while constantly destroying the illusion of the sight, so it is not something that can be done by looking at the sight. Nothing happens, it's like when you start to feel good about playing, you take turns and debt collectors appear.
This theater was soon demolished, but when I picked up the photos I saw in this hut that I remember, I found "Goban Tadanobu," "Taki no Shiraito," and "Yuten Yoshimatsu." I will be remembered.
I don't know about actors.
I saw for the first time in this hut what I thought was an American photograph.
There was a struggle between whites and Native Americans, there was a chasing of horses, there was a shooting of guns, and it was so interesting that it jumped up. This may be the first time I saw a swashbuckler.
There was a shoe store with a strange surname called Mido in the neighborhood of this hut. In the evening we go to the house and wait until after 8 o'clock. After eight o'clock, everyone went to the front of the hut and started exercising at the old man of the lower leg. Of course, it is a temporary free admission promotion campaign.
However, strangely, this movement always worked, so I didn't have to pay for this hut alone.
In a lonely hut, I sometimes opened the lid as I remembered, but most of the year the door was closed.
The types of entertainment are puppet shows, soshi plays, activity photographs, etc., and I have seen other things such as joruri competitions and academic reference shows.
At one point, a child in the neighborhood who I knew was going to play a puppet show started to help the stage.
When asked, the child's father was actually a puppeteer, so he was usually engaged in a craftsman or some kind of stubborn profession. Even so, when wondering when and what the child wants to help, when the doll of Akahani Genzo puts a sake bottle, it is said that it is the role that holds the sake bottle.
I see, puppet shows are played on something like a fence, so sake bottles and the like fall under the fence if no one supports them.
When we heard this story, we immediately started the usual movement and gave a spectacular overview of sake bottles.
When Akahani Genzo placed the sake bottle, a small one wearing a black cloth came out and supported the sake bottle in both hands.
It's a pity that I don't know the face, but this black boy must be that child.
Although it cannot be seen from here, it seems that it can be seen well from the other side, and if you are careful, it seems that the black boy is laughing at us in the cloth. Perhaps because of that, the sake bottle moves steadily, which made me very interested.
I thought it was important if a lot of customers started laughing when they saw the sake bottle moving, but no one laughed because it seemed that no one had forgotten about the sake bottle.

I saw a picture of "Jigoma" in a hut called Juza, which is a second-class place. It was in the fifth or sixth grade of elementary school.
A person named Koyō Komada brought this photo and explained it by himself. I remember using the word "very much" so much that I didn't like it, but I thought it was a bad hobby for my childhood.
After that, I read the book "Jigoma" and Detective Pauline became our hero.
Detective Pauline has a hair split that covers the upper half of the square chin, and when you are good at it or when you are in trouble, take your index finger to your chin and think about it. I thought with my upper eye.
Detective Pauline's assistant is Nick Carter. This person was taller than Detective Pauline and looked a little meek. It was difficult for us to imagine the laughing face of Detective Pauline, but Nick Carter was likely to laugh and laugh at once.
I also remembered the names of the new idiot general and the thin idiot general in this hut, but it is still doubtful whether these two people were different people or the same person.
Later, when I went to junior high school, I learned the name of a new idiot march from a senior student who was practicing an athletic meet band. When I heard the song, which was familiar to my ears, I felt that a conditioned reflex took place in my head, and that the actions of the new idiot general seemed vivid.
When I recalled the tone of the benshi at that time, it seems that he was not just called the new idiot general, but continued to call him the new idiot general Andrew.
The photo I saw in the hut reminds me of a very beautiful natural color movie.
The hero swims to the bottom of the deep sea and reaches another world like Ryugu, but I don't remember any events after reaching it.
Only the place where the hero who turned upside down slowly swims to the bottom of the deeply colored water remains as a mysteriously clear image.
I can remember only two kinds of new Japanese photographs, but I can't tell people because I don't know the title or the story.
However, when one of the photos approaches the end, the benshi calls the audience's attention in advance about changing the position of the camera, and the range of the field of view suddenly changes, but the scenes are the same and the movements are continuous. I remember declining to make sure there was no misunderstanding.
As the benshi said, when the cut changed, it used to be a full-body play with a part of the oka in the background, but this time it became a big long and the whole view of the oka appeared, and the play was in the range including the top and bottom of the oka. It has come to be done.
Considering that the benshi cut it off, at that time it had to be rare that the cut changed in the middle of the play like this.
Next, if you look at what you saw at the city's prestigious theater Shinei-za, the one that impressed you the most was a strange thing called "universe", and on the Yamazaki Highway, the sight of Yudachi and the clouds were terrifying when the benshi shook. It starts to move, but it seems that this was like using a demonstration, a live-action film, and Honmizu at the same time, but I'm not sure.
A large photo of the activity that says something came. I thought I could hear something like a monster growl somewhere along with a Western photo, and that was it.
In the old drama, I saw "Yagyu's Futatsukasa" here. I don't remember the Western photos I saw here at any time, but it's strange that only the red chicken mark can't be considered apart from this hut. Even after the permanent building was built, I saw only Matsunosuke's "Tadaomizo" and "Soga Brothers" in this hut. I'm not sure if it means a special entertainment.
This is a story about this, but when I was in the fifth year of junior high school, Enichiro Jitsukawa came to this hut for a demonstration, so I went to see it. The offerings are "Higo no Koma Geta", "Osomekumatsu", "Tsuchigumo", "Keitora Serving", etc. "Serving" was served by another actor, and Enichiro did not.
At this time, Enichiro was a beautiful man with bright eyes, but Enichiro, who came to use it, was a wrinkled grandfather, and his eyes were slumping.
And every time I met him, he held his hand with nostalgia and put his hand on his shoulder, and he said, "It's easy to use it again." After becoming a talkie, I had to make a mistake with a few words and start over. And when he went on, he immediately came and leaned against his knees, and he said so surprisingly that he made the mistake of saying, "Why do you do it, why do you do it?" I don't know how cruel it would be to say "it's because of my age" at that time, so I'm sick of the words that comfort this good old man, and I can't help but laugh silently and lonely. It was.
Return to the original story.
The permanent building was first opened in the first year of junior high school, and then the Matsuyama building was built the following year.
The photo at the time of the opening of the Sekaikan was Matsunosuke's "Miyamoto Musashi". I learned the names of Matsunosuke, Tappatsu Sekine, Teijiro Tachibana, etc. at this museum. At Matsuyamakan, I learned Chonosuke Yamazaki, Rokusaburo Kinoshita, Shirogoro Sawamura, Masao Inoue, and Yaoko Kinoshita.
For Western products, a photo such as "Meima Tenma" appeared in Matsuyamakan.
The Benshi of Matsuyama-kan often said, "The sky is clear in olive color and it is a perfect flight." I still don't understand the olive-colored sky.
Inoue's photo was few, but I remember the adaptation of "Jigokudani".
Because of my own living, I saw more Matsuyama-kan around the third year of junior high school, and more at the Sekaikan around the fourth and fifth years. By the time he was five years old, he became good at caricatures of Matsunosuke and was good at showing them to his friends.
I studied Matsunosuke's photographs in detail by analyzing each part of the face in order to make them look like them, but it was not recognized that his eyes were larger than ordinary people. The only thing on his face that was bigger than the average person was his mouth. In particular, there was a muscular ridge under the lower lip that looked like a drum torso lying down, which was the most striking feature that distinguishes Matsunosuke from others.
Because I was studying such a boring thing, at that time I seemed to have delayed the development of intelligence. Immediately after finishing junior high school, I had to go to Sakhalin due to family reasons.
When I visited Tokyo on the way, I saw a picture called "Akawa" at the Denkikan in Asakusa.
At that time, I was surprised to think that the activity photos were so bright. The light power of the projection is different from that of Inaka no Yakata, and the photographs are new, so they are not damaged. In addition, the countryside is delayed for a year or two, so it means that the development process equivalent to that number of days was skipped. In particular, the photo has many locations, and it's sunny, and it feels like the whole photo was saturated with the sun around Arizona. Even when I think about it now, I feel like there aren't many such bright photographs.
Then I saw a picture called "Beast Soul" in either Hakodate or Otaru. And I remembered an actor named Francis Ford who had long sideburns.
I came to Tokyo after about half a year in Sakhalin. Around that time, the heyday of Bluebird movies came.
It became busy to remember the names of Ella Fall, Mae Murray, Lon Chaney, Monroe Salsbury, Eddie Pollow.
Since I was aspiring to paint, I worked for the Ministry of Railways for the first year in Tokyo, but eventually I got there and the vertical bar made by the boys' magazine * [# "Ri" penetrated down, the 4th level. 2-13-28] I decided to study painting while drawing pictures.
However, I was watching the activity continuously.
At this time, I was a fan of an Italian actress named Pina Menichelli. I was overwhelmed by the beauty of the face rather than the art. I haven't seen an actress with such a typical beauty and size since then. If the beauty goes to that extent, the play will become irrelevant. However, if you move in various ways and show the beauty of various angles, you will feel as if you are looking at a sculpture.
When I was nineteen or twenty years old, Shochiku recruited research students, including the movie business. At that time, a friend named Ito was a Navy clerk in Wu, and he was enthusiastic about the play.
I've been reporting that I played the role of Natasha or something by playing Gorky's "Donso", and I was eager to move on to the theater, so I'm going to do the same from now on. I thought that the movie was more promising, so I recommended that I apply for the Shochiku exam. Ito immediately came to Tokyo and came to the room of 3 tatami mats that I had rented.
The house in Nezu Suga-cho was a house with ordinary lattice doors that seemed to be numerous in a well-built narrow town, but the only difference was that the propeller of the airplane broke on the lattice door at the entrance. Was struck, and a small tag had a name like an association that says Japan Flight Somehow.
The husband was a man over fifty, his head was thin, and his body was small, but he was a strangely villainous villain with a strong appearance.
Many of these fathers weren't at home, and when they came home occasionally, they didn't do anything and spent the day smoking and napping.
I always wore a belly band with a monkey crotch and hung a thin object with something up to the buttocks on it.
The way he talked was terribly crude, which made him laugh at times, but he never smiled.
He is the one who tells us the secret of his body in front of him with a tone like "What if that guy is in the house?" Not only the young Hosono, but also the listeners were shy and scorned.
Moreover, since the person tells such a story with a ruthless and difficult expression and breathing without gaps without moving one muscle of the face, there is no room for intervention such as an obscene feeling in the place, just a room. It made me feel like a fairy was standing inside.
At one point, I borrowed about seven girls from my neighborhood for about two hours and sketched them, but when the criticism came out that he was a little sick for his age after he returned. The father immediately followed, deciding that the child was well-possible as a sexual object.
When Hosono laughed and tried to erase it, he slammed him with the momentum of changing his complexion, and even more violently insisted that his belief was not wrong.
Approximately, as far as sexual issues are concerned, this father's attitude and way of thinking is somewhat incompatible with the customs and order of the general public, and in fact, he cannot do what he says. Or, I was overwhelmed by the urgency that I had already done.
Until I met this old man, I had never seen anyone talk about sexuality in such a blatant and unabashed manner, and I had such a completely immoral attitude. I was completely surprised because I had never seen anyone who was completely relieved.
I think I've been in this house for more than half a year, but I didn't know the profession of this old man until the end, and why should I have a propeller shard at the entrance? I couldn't even know the reason.
By the way, there was another person living in my room at the time when Ito came, so I paid a total of three people and the room with three tatami mats reached the limit of its capacity.
It seemed that the propeller father was surprised at this, and one day he suddenly came upstairs and demanded us to withdraw immediately. Eventually, Ito passed the exam and became a student at Shochiku Kinema Actor School, and began to go to school with a certain salary, so we moved to a boarding house in Mashimamachi, Yanaka and settled in a separate room.
From this time, Ito started making a prototype of the movie script, and when it was completed, he first read it to us, and then asked Professor Koyamauchi to see it.
Mr. Koyamauchi's criticism is not always good, and Ito seems to have returned with a slump. However, Ito's efforts were rather quickly peeled off, and his script was often used in the photographs of Shochiku Kinema's founding period.
When the first release of Shochiku Kinema's work was done in Meijiza or somewhere, of course, there was a photo that would be his adaptation, so I went to see it with Ito.
I have never seen him as happy as he was that night during his 20 years of friendship with Ito.
Thus, the name Daisuke Ito, who was only owned by a few of us, returned to the world from that night.
I entered the company in May when I was 21 years old. (It seems that Ito moved to Kamata from this time.) Hiroshima field artillery corps, three months of supplementary military service.
The night before joining the company, I saw an activity photo with my father who came to see me off at the red-light district in Hiroshima. The photo is "Kantsubaki" by Inoue and Mizutani.
Ito wrote a letter diligently while he was in the company, but he always put some positives of his dramatized photographs in the envelope. All the positives at that time were dyed and hot, so when I turned the envelope upside down, the colorful positives fluttered down on the blanket of the sleeper, which was the only color in my murderous military life.
The following year, I was in prison for three weeks at the exercise convocation, but when I finished it and went to Tokyo, I asked Ito in advance to rent a room to live in. It was on the second floor of 8 tatami mats or 10 tatami mats in the neighborhood of Aoyama Gakuin, a little closer to Shibuya.
At that time, the research institute had already disbanded and Ito was a member of the screenplay for Shochiku Kinema, but at that time Ito's monthly salary was 90 yen, and his work was unlimited. Things in a hurry were written in a few days, and "Ohatsu Jizo" was written almost overnight. So I didn't get a sentence other than the monthly salary.
When I'm * [# The vertical bar made with "Septal" penetrates down, 4th level 2-13-28] The picture has a monthly income of 100 yen and outside, so the lives of the two are It shouldn't have been painful, but probably because it wasn't used well, both of them were always screaming.
At this time, the two people went to see the Akasaka Teikokukan, Aoikan, etc., and the ones around Charles Ray are memorable. Also, both of the actors at that time liked Frank Keenan, and I almost always saw the pictures of this person.
Among the research students, Ito had the closest relationship with a young man named Fuchi-kun, who was good at toe dancing, but this person often came to play even after the institute was dissolved. It seems that the message has been lost since then, but even now, when I meet Ito, I sometimes hear rumors about this person. Somehow, he was a person who seemed to be sharp.
Before that, Shochiku used the research students to cater for Kabuki. Of course, Ito and Fuchi-kun were also used friends, but at one point they were used by soldiers when they played the "Battle of Kawanakajima" at Kabuki-za.
According to Ito's story at that time, he was driven by Kansuke Yamamoto, a middle car, who was a miscellaneous soldier, but when he was caught in a cutlet by the middle car, he felt really scared and shrugged. ..
I think that such a story was heard when Fuchi-kun and others came to play on the second floor of Aoyama. Aoyama's communal life disappeared in about half a year. Ito moved to Kamata and I decided to visit a relative in Shinjuku. After moving to Shinjuku, I often went to Musashinokan with my cousin.
I remember seeing Tarzan and kick-in here. At that time, the orchestra was supposed to play one piece of opera, such as an opera song, between the photographs, so it was a pleasure for me, who was beginning to be interested in music at that time. The conductor here was Heikichi Motani. When I recently made a photo called "The Whimsical Crowner" and infused the music, I felt nostalgic when I saw Mr. Heikichi Motani playing the violin among the musicians from Osaka. As a matter of fact, his appearance hasn't changed at all from a dozen years ago.
While doing so, I felt the need to study painting desperately, and my friend who was in trouble to die fell asleep in his hometown due to lung disease, so I went to my hometown for the time being. I decided to go back to.
And immediately executed it. It is the fall of the 23rd year. Then I started studying seriously. It was not until I devoted myself to studying that I became aware of the meaning of life, and at the same time, my perspectives on various things began to take shape. At the same time, my opinion was gradually developed.
Since that time, interest in activity photography has gradually diminished. Even if I excluded the viewing of activity photos from my life at all, I felt no more pain.
It has become less painful to exclude other fun, not just activity photos.
However, it was not possible to exclude the enjoyment received from literature until the end.
One night, I was suddenly urged to read Mr. Mushanokoji's novel "Happy Man". I tried to fight this urge, but I couldn't win at last.
I wanted to extend the day at least, but I couldn't even do it.
While rushing from the town of nightfall to the town where the second-hand bookstore is located, my heart seemed to boil down. At this time, my heart was completely divided into two.
"You are a painter. What is literature? What is a warrior alley. Can't you feel relieved just by painting? What do you want to do? You have to hang around until night like a thin dog." One heart kept crying and screaming.
Nevertheless, one heart mercilessly moved my body and drove me to a second-hand bookstore.
The suffering of the night seems to imply the tragedy of my life.
Thus, I entered the next year with the activity photos still covered. I was painting in my hometown each year, but in May my friend with lung disease died, and in the fall I was surprised by the Great Kanto Earthquake.
When I came to Tokyo at the end of the earthquake, I was curious about the village of Nagasaki, where Shigeru Hatsuyama lives, so I immediately rented a small house in his neighborhood and started cooking.
For the next three years, I lived there until the fall of 27 years old, but for the past three years I have suffered from material poverty, so I have hardly seen any activity photos, but still, "sin and punishment", "whiteness" , I saw "white roses on the railroad" during this time. Above all, the acting of a person named Victor Kumara who did "sin and punishment" still leaves a strong impression. Around that time, I went to the Heiwakan in Ikebukuro to see something foreign (re-screening of "Jigoma"?), But at that time I was shown a picture of Hanzuma's "Kageboshi".
The Japanese movies I saw in the last few years are almost just this one.
While doing this, my life became difficult day by day. In the fall of twenty-seven, I couldn't eat anymore. There were only two ways to kill myself as a painter or to kill myself as a human being. At that time, a man who was also a painter from the same country asked me when to open an oden shop in Matsuyama.
It is said that money will somehow be convenient. I was happy to agree because it's a much better story than dying.
Thus, the first oden shop appeared on the land of Matsuyama.
At first, this oden shop had an average of 20 to 30 yen in sales every day, and although it went well, it gradually became unsuccessful.
The friends who had been with him quit one after another, so I was left behind in debt.
In the summer of the following year, I was in trouble and disposed of the oden shop, but I still had debt.
Thus, I finally became a unique item with a minus. And from summer to autumn, I was hanging around while getting in trouble with my friends.
At that time, I always heard the voice of being unique at that time. I couldn't find a book, a coin, or my own property in the world anymore. It was lonely but really light in body and soul.
Anyway, I was grateful that I had the opportunity to calmly evaluate my appearance without any net value after the accessories and decorations were removed.
I stared at the existence of poppy grains. That was the unchanging appearance of myself.
It's a sad fact, but this discovery eventually gave me a laid-back reassurance. It may be because he knew that in no case would he be smaller or poorer than this.
This appearance of myself without accessories has become very useful as a standard to correct my view of the world after that, but these facts are not directly related to this article, so I will omit them at any time. Then, in the fall of that year, I wrote to Ito to take care of my employment. I haven't heard from Ito since the year before the earthquake, so I don't know his address. The postman may have been disappointed because it was issued as "Kyoto Shimo Kamo Nikkatsu", but it seems that the letter has arrived, and Ito returned a warm reply. Then, in October, I rolled into Ito's house in Kyoto, but during that time, that is, the number of photos I saw during the year from returning to Matsuyama to open an oden shop until leaving Matsuyama again. I have a book.
Ito's "Ryuten", "Tadaji Journey Diary Koshu Hen", "Five Women Who Gave Hell" in Contemporary Drama, Hanzuma's "The Cause", Utaemon's "Purple Head", Kataoka Chiezou's "Man" "Hana Hell" and so on. Then, I remembered the faces of Okochi, Tokihiko Okada, Utaemon, Chiezou, etc. for the first time from those photographs.
Ito, who was a general at that time, was feeding three food customers including me. There were Ryosuke Kagawa, who is now in Chie Pro, Tokichi Nakagawa, the author of "Shirou", myself, and three cats.
My aspiration was not at this time. In short, I had no desire other than that, as I only had to be able to eat on my own. Then Ito asked me to write a script.
When I was told to write a script, I didn't think I could write it, but Ito wrote it unavoidably, so I wrote "fireworks", and after a while I wrote "Date main water". This was later renamed "Wandering Zanmai".
Ito didn't know whether it was good or bad to see them, but when Mr. Okouchi and others came to play, he talked about the script I wrote and said, "I'm the man who writes such a script." Since I was talking, I wondered if I was thinking about something.
Among them, Juro Tanizaki was the main producer in Nara, so all the Ito family food customers were exported to this place in large quantities, so I also started self-catering in Nara from November.
Although I watched several kinds of movies during this Ito family foodie era, the main ones were Ito's "Shiro" and King Vidor's "Big Parade". It seems that the production in Nara didn't go well. I worked as a catcher for about a month, but never went to work in a car. I was always walked. However, the feeling of walking leisurely around the park in Nara with a mage is blurry and uncomfortable. Regardless of the content, only the format is certainly transcendental.
It must have been unaware that the Chogyu also had this hand.
In a month in Nara, I wrote a scenario called "straw shoes" in my spare time.
Later, when I started to supervise, it was this scenario that I used for the first time.
Nara's production didn't get paid easily, so in the end everyone quit their jobs and rushed to the studio every day just to wait for the salary they worked for.
During this time, our fellow young people wondered if there was any good food and made a plan to put a deer to sleep.
As expected, I couldn't agree with this illegal proposal, so I didn't join the action team, but when it came time to hear the incense of venison, what happened to the future actions? Even if I think about it now, I don't think I can take much responsibility.
The young people carried a Japanese sword sword and went out for Tsuji sword for two or three nights, but they failed many times and finally gave up.
Even so, the last one seems to have caused a lot of deep injuries, and when I went the next morning, it seemed that there was a lot of blood.
At the end of December, Mr. Kagawa, who had been cooking for himself, started to travel to Taiwan, and he asked me to go there anytime. I decided to go to the production because it seems unlikely that it would be terrifying anymore and there is no reason not to go by any means.
The tour of Taiwan continued until April of the following year, during which I was exposed to the stage with only slashed samurai and passers-by, but my theory of acting suggests that the experience during this time is important. Seems to be.
The movies I saw while traveling to Taiwan were Chiezou Kataoka's "Mikadaimyo", Ryunosuke Tsukigata's "Secretary of the Road", Kanjuro Arashi's "Oni Azami", and Ito's "Tadaji Shinshu Blood Lol". This is probably the first time I've seen Tsukigata-kun's photo. I didn't think it was particularly good, but the acting and people liked it because of the inner play.
When a return ship from Taiwan entered the Seto Inland Sea, the greenery of pine trees seemed to wake up, and I was surprised that Japan was such a beautiful country.
When I returned to Ito's house, the production in Nara disappeared and there was no trace. Instead, the Motion Picture Producers Association of Japan was born in Kyoto Futagaoka, and as a scenario writer and assistant director of Chiezou Kataoka production. It was decided that I would be there.
As soon as I got home, I was sick of it because it was a story that a bird would stand up from my feet to write the scenario of the first independent work in about a week, but anyway, the deadline for ordering was "Peace on Earth". When I kneaded it and handed it over, I got a large piece of 100 yen immediately.
After all, during the tour of Taiwan, I wasn't able to get fragile because of the difficulty, and I continued to live a life that literally scrambled for one cigarette, so the 100 yen at that time was really a luxurious version.
I went to Minamiza that night to see a play, and while having the office there smash the 100-yen bills, I enjoyed drawing the usage in my heart.

My activity photo bystander history ends with this for the time being.
Because it is my own business from now on, it will not be the stage where I am on the sidelines.
However, sooner or later it will be time to stand by again in the future. From what standpoint and how to stand by at that time is a very pressing issue for me. (December 8, 1945)



Bottom book: "New Edition Mansaku Itami Complete Works 2" Chikuma Shobo
First edition issued on August 20, 1961 (Showa 36)
Issued 3rd edition on June 25, 1982 (Showa 57)
* The large-scale writing of yoon and sokuon is the same as the original.
Input: Atsushi Suzuki
Proofreading: Takatoshi Somekawa
Created on November 13, 2010
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
