My desk
Kido Okamoto

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) How to

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) Bukubuku [# Emphasis mark on "Bukubuku"]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

A magazine company asked me "What is your desk?", So I will send you a reply like this.
Tenjin desk ――The other side is gone now, but when I was a kid, it was still commonplace, and all the children who practiced it were suitable for it. I was one of them. Even now, when I look at the plays at Terakoya, it seems that I miss the old days.
It doesn't seem to be very popular now, but before, it was supposed that paulownia wood was the best desk for normal use. Since the wood surface is soft, it is said that the hand is also soft when it is squeezed. Instead, it is easy to get scratches. Even if you drop the paperweight, it will be damaged immediately, so if you handle it with a little carelessness, it will be full of defects. That is the drawback of paulownia wood, and it must have been naturally abolished. Then consistent desks became popular for a while. This is also soft, light, and not expensive, so I was very happy with it at one point, but I stuck the paper for a few minutes. Because it is a thing, it is easy to scratch. When water is spilled, it immediately swells [# "bukubuku" as an emphasis mark]. Due to such drawbacks, this also became obsolete. Still, it seems that there is still some left for small desks and chabudai.
I used a paulownia desk that I bought for 1.5 yen when I was fifteen for many years. I had a boarding house a couple of times, and I moved three or four times, so it was almost full of flaws, but I was used to it. The work was good, so I just kept using it. However, since it was a desk I bought when I was fifteen, it is inconvenient for me to be a little small, and when I want to expand a large book, I have to clean up the desk one by one. At last I couldn't stand it, and in the spring of the 12th year of the Taisho era, I asked a furniture store in my neighborhood to make a big desk. If you want to use any kind of wood, I made it in Sen, so it's very heavy and it's very murky for practical use. Instead, the desk has become wider, which makes it convenient to spread out a number of reference books when working.
I couldn't stand the old desk that I had been using for 37 or 8 years in the hands of an antique shop, so if I push it into the cupboard as it is, September of that year will be the usual earthquake. Due to the disaster, both the old and new desks have become ashes. The new one wasn't unskilled, but the old one was a longtime friend, and I remember writing various things on the desk from a young age-everyone, especially someone like us. I have so many memories of the desk that it turned into ashes, which made me very lonely.
After the earthquake, while I was evacuating to the house of Roppuku Nukada in Mejiro, I rented the small desk and used it, but in October I moved to Azabu. At that time, no matter what I did, the desk was needed immediately, so I went to Takada's Yotsuya-cho and walked around the furniture store. Of course, since it was at that time, I couldn't say my preference. I bought a desk for 12.50 yen, thinking that it would be nice if everything had the shape of a desk. Again, the wood is sen, which is coated with lux, making it extremely sturdy. It looked a little better, but I'm tall, so I'm in trouble if my desk legs aren't high. For that reason, I bought the one with high legs before I got it, and I'm using it as it is until today. After that, I can't help but find some good desks, but since the earthquake, I have changed my place of residence three times and still continue to live in an unstable life, so it's a cheap desk to commemorate the earthquake. I think that is just right, and it seems that this manuscript is actually written on the desk.
I may be due to myopia, but I can't read or write unless I put the desk in a bright place. Some people don't like the strong rays of light, but I feel unreliable in dimly lit places and feel uncomfortable. Therefore, you may change the position of your desk many times during the day. Therefore, it is difficult to carry a desk that is too heavy, but when it comes to the feeling of being suitable for a desk, it seems that the heavier and larger ones will fall off. Some people write manuscripts on a chabudai, but I can't do it at all. Because of that, you may have trouble traveling.
Another thing, this is a long-standing habit, but when I'm at home, I rarely leave my desk except when I eat. Instead of reading or writing a manuscript, I always sit at my desk, even when I'm just vague. Speaking of birds, it's a kind of perch. When I leave the desk, it seems that there is an emphasis mark on "#" Gura "], and I leave my body behind. It has a strange habit.
[# Raise one character from the ground] (January, 1914)



Bottom book: "Kido Okamoto Collection" Iwanami Bunko, Iwanami Shoten
First print issued on October 16, 2007 (Heisei 19)
Issued the 4th edition on May 23, 2008
Parent of the bottom book: "Cat Willow" Okakura Shobo
First edition issued in April 1934 (Showa 9)
First appearance: "Fujin Koron"
September 1925 (Taisho 14)
* The original title is "My Desk".
Input: Takashi Kawayama
Calibration: noriko saito
Created November 29, 2008
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
