Mountain diary part 2
Tatsuo Hori

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Ryuji 《Rinda》

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) [# 3 indentation]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

October 9th
Autumn is already deep here. Mr. Kawabata, who said that he would be able to travel until winter, also came back to Kamakura with Kiso, but he probably said goodbye to Kiso. It's all about traveling around. We'll do our best until the "Kagerofu's Diary" is finished, but do you know when it will come out? Minoru's work is about to begin, and I've been busy for about a week, so both of us were completely mourned. However, Kinofukefu is already very good. ――The cause of the illness seems to be Kona Hidauchi's chestnut picking. When it's harvested, it's possible to harvest 100 pieces every day, even if it's just the sword of my house. When Shimahi has a wife who is more stubborn than me climb a big chestnut tree on the back and shake the branches, twenty and so on suddenly fall with a loud noise. I pick it up from the side under the tree. Perhaps that kind of work had passed, or one night, I had a very good body, so when I measured my fever, it was nearly 38 degrees. After that, I made a loud noise from the morning and let it fall on the roof as it was, and I sat my wife in a racking chair beside me and quietly lay down on the bed. It was during that time that Mr. Kawabata came to say goodbye, so I was lonely. Immediately after he returned, Fujiya's child came to see Mr. Kawabata, so I thought it was just the right place, so I let Mrs. Kawabata take care of all the chestnuts that had been left behind. ――But that kind of fever has already gone down.
I was thinking about starting work again from around here. Before that, I wanted to go to the garden in the evening, and while I was closed, there was a mountain of dead leaves before I knew it. The flowers are fluttering with small faces. Hiroma, with Fire Press, who decided to spend the night there for the first time in a long time, was left in a mess during his illness, so it looks like a mountain lodge.
In addition, when the sun went down, the wind suddenly blew tremendously. Occasionally, such a breezy breeze hits the roofs and windows with dead leaves in the evening. When such a dead leaf finds a gap in a window or door, it will jump into the cottage without hesitation. And with our soul, it turns into a lump and turns around. I was innocent, and in front of the burning fire press, it seemed that my wife had become quite accustomed to living in the mountains, just like my work, and I had a calm face beside me. Write a letter. As if to be merciful to us, from the top of the mantle pie, the vermilion short sword that Mr. Orikuchi wrote for us this summer looks down on Mori.

[# 3 indentation] Both people and horses are dying on the road. Traveling



Bottom book: "Tatsuo Hori Works No. 4" Chikuma Shobo
August 30, 1982 (Showa 57) First edition first print issued
* The title is "Mountain Diary [# 1 step small letters] Part 2 [# Small letters end]" in the bottom.
Input: tatsuki
Proofreading: Takatoshi Somekawa
Created September 3, 2013
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
