Mountain Sachi River Sachi
Iwasaburo Okino

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Kishu "Kishiu"

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Gun ｜ Shoulder

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Numbers are JIS X 0213 area area number, or original page and number of lines)
(Example) * [# "Fish + Complete", Level 4 2-93-48] "Agate"

/ \: Double dance character (repeated symbol in the shape of a vertically lengthened "ku")
(Example) Zawa / \ and
-------------------------------------------------- -----

One
A long time ago, in the mountains of Kishu, there was Yohei, an honest hunter, Kariudo. One day, about "Aruhi", as usual, I went into the mountain with a gun | shoulder, but I wondered what happened, only for "that hi" that day. I didn't even meet Rabbit Ichi | Piki. Then, when I was looking at the eastern part from the top of the mountain without any specifications, I saw a narrow river that was swelling from the far side or the other side. I saw the raft flowing.
"While that raft is just flowing to the foot of this mountain, I'm going down from here to Kawabata, and I'm riding that raft to my house. Let's go home.
While thinking about it, Yobei went straight from the top of the mountain toward the river, grabbing the branches of the tree, and squirming on the vine. I hurried down in a hurry. And when I came up about thirty minutes from the riverbank, the big oak branch on the rock on the right was reflected in the eyes of Yobei as soon as it moved with Zawa / \. It was.
Yobei took the gun again and looked through the branches of the tree, and when he looked into it, a big monkey "monkey" shook the branches frequently. I was picking up the oak fruit for the first time.
Yohei saw it and forgot to hit anything about the raft, so he sneaked up and approached the oak tree. However, on the branch of the oak tree, there is a small cute monkey in addition to the big monkey of two swords, jumping from branch to branch with five swords, seven swords and ten swords, and playing. So, Yohei thought that he would shoot the biggest parent monkey among them, set the aim, and Dawn! I fired one shot.
"I'm done!" Exclaimed Yohei. It was because, from Yohei's long experience, it was immediately known whether the bullet was hit by the sound of a gun or not.
Yohei immediately looked over the tree with a new bullet. It was already after all the five-spot and ten-spot monkeys jumped down the trunk and ran away without knowing it.
"Hatena, the current bullet" Tama "should have hit", but ... "said the German word" One by one ", Yohei approached the oak tree. Then a big monkey grabbed the technique with his right hand and hung around. Yohei immediately put a bullet in the gun and moved the monkey's right hand. The monkey fell down, but this time he grabbed another branch with his left hand and hung down.
Yohei thought it was a little creepy, but he took the courage to shoot the third shot behind his head, so he was sick! There was a noise, and a big parent monkey was smeared with blood and fell down to the upper part of Yohei's standing room.
Yobei immediately went to the top of the mountain, grabbed the parent monkey's hand and dragged it down by three shaku, and from the top of the mountain, the clay bottle "Dobin" A stone as big as a parent has rolled over with Goro / \.
Yobei was surprised and jumped away, and when he saw it, he was surprised by the sound of the gun and a small monkey, a parent monkey who had escaped into the mountain, came out and shot and killed him. I rolled the stone, thinking that I wouldn't hand over the dead monkey. Upon learning that, Yohei tied the monkey that had been shot to him with a sword tied to his waist and dragged it down toward the riverbank.
Then, from the mountains, the five and ten swords, the parent monkey and the small monkey, are the characters! Chats! While screaming, he chased after trying to take back the corpse.
Yobei changed his complexion and ran down to the riverbank with all his might, but the rope that bound the monkey was firmly held in his right hand.
When Yobei fell down to the riverbank, a raft was just flowing from the river, so I immediately jumped on the raft. And the carcass of the parent monkey was also placed on the raft.
The raft teacher who had shed the raft was surprised and was surprised to see this situation, but because it was a fast flow, the raft flowed down for fifty-six minutes in a blink of an eye. .. On the rocks on the riverbank, the parent monkey, the little monkey, was looking down, saying Gia Agia.
Yohei sat down on the raft and drank the water of the Mazu River with a sip and scooped in both hands. Then, when I calm down and look at the big monkey that was shot, I found that the big monkey's bosom was cute / \ the small monkey's red nipple was a mother monkey. I pressed it against my nipple and with four hands, I was sure that there was a monkey on my mother's belly.
"Oh! If you think it's one, it's two!"
Yohei was surprised with his eyes rounded. Raft teacher too
He laughed and said, "That's something you don't have to think about!"
Yohei tried to separate the baby monkey from the mother monkey, but he never left. With a knuckle and four hands, I squeeze it into my mother's belly and hold her five small fingers tightly / \.
Yohei had no choice but to carry the child monkey to the house with the parent monkey. And I looked at the monkey by pulling it all over my wife, and smoked it with the smoke of cigarettes, but I couldn't get away from it. Then, when I finally dipped the mother monkey into the water, he and the little monkey separated from my mother's belly.
"Nah, it's a pity even if it's a brute," says Yohei.
"It seems that it was Iji who had a nipple on his nipple without knowing that he was a dead parent ..." said Kuma, a daughter with tears.
"Ah, sorry, your mother, A, is dead, and I don't have any more milk, I'm sorry, I'm sorry." Shinji, the grandson of Ifu Yobei, cried while stroking the baby monkey's head.
From the eyes of Yohei, who stared at the mother monkey from the front, tears of a ball fell with a pot / \. And he said.
"I will stop the hunter Kariudo for the rest of my life. I will not shoot the gun for the rest of my life. Shinji, you should take good care of the baby monkey, and I will take care of this mother monkey. I'm going to have a funeral at the back graveyard. "


Two
Yohei named the baby monkey Kozaru Jiyoung [# "Jiyoung" as an emphasis mark]. Everyone in my wife loved that Jiyoung [# "Jiyoung" as an emphasis mark]. In particular, I played with Shinji every day, just like my brothers, jumping and repelling.
As soon as Yobei came back from the rice field, Jiyoung [# "Emphasis mark" on "Chiyon"] hung up on his shoulder and pulled his white hair. As soon as I sat down in front of the set to eat rice, Jiyoung [# aside from "Jiyoung"] entered Yohei's knees, and on the table. I disrespected the boiled potatoes and boiled beans in the area and ate them with Musiya / \. However, Yohei was so cute that he scolded him and said that he was Jiyoung [# "Jiyoung" as an emphasis mark] and Jiyoung [# "Jiyoung" as an emphasis mark].
One day, Yobei went to the river to catch a fish, but for some reason, on that day, it was strangely big with one edge * [# "Fish +" "Complete", 4th level 2-93-48] "Agate" can always be caught one by one, so I thought of another one and went up the river with / \. Then, when I suddenly noticed, I noticed that there was a big oak tree in the 14th Five-Year.
"Oh, that oak tree smashed and shot the mother monkey of Jiyoung [#" Jiyoung "as an emphasis mark]? "
After saying this, Yohei unexpectedly said Namu Amida Butsu, one after another. Then, I was standing in the riverbank, looking at the oak tree. The oak branch was wide like a big / \ umbrella, and one of them extended to the top of the pool.
"What a big oak tree!" I was surprised to see that the oak branches moved with Zawa / \. Yohei is crazy! If you stand with a fishing rod "Tsuriza" on a cane "Tsue", many monkeys will jump from branch to branch.
"Oh! Is there a monkey again?"
When Yobei was looking at Bull / \ Furu, a big parent monkey struck on a thin branch that extended toward the river, and what he thought was Suru / \, and he was an acrobat. I finally hung. When I thought that the branch was curved in a circle like a bow, the branch snapped and the big parent monkey grabbed the twig. It fell into the abyss in the opposite direction, "Matsukasama".
Yohei screamed "Atsu!" And went up the river without knowing it. When I went to see it, the parent monkey, which had fallen into the middle of the deep pool, floated on the water with only the neck holding the oak branch. Even a monkey that is so agile on a tree cannot swim even a single shaku in the water. The most prohibited thing for monkeys is water.
"Okay / \, now I'll help you! Let's go to this fishing rod!"
Yobei sent out a fishing rod, but the monkey did not look at Yobei's fishing rod even though he had a sword on the oak branch that was sinking deep into the water.
"I'll help you, hey, I'll help you."
Yobei said, but sadly, the monkeys can't understand human language, so the parent monkeys instead stripped off their teeth and groaned.
Then, a small monkey came out from the top of the mountain to Zoro / \ riverbank with five and ten. They seemed relieved to see that Yohei had a gun, and came down to the riverbank of Mukaifu, saying, "I will not send that parent monkey to that." "Let's go!" Cat! While saying, I grabbed the willow branch of Kawabata and reached out into the water to see it, or extended the dead branch to see it, but to the place where the parent monkey was floating Will not arrive. In the river, only the face of the parent monkey floated on the water, and sadly sometimes.
Yohei suddenly noticed and threw the fishing rod he had in his hand to the opposite bank. However, the little monkeys seemed to have been thrown by themselves, and the monkeys hid in Yabukage for a while, but they came out again, and this time, the fishing rod was a good one. When I thought that my big brother's monkey had grabbed it, I sent it into the abyss, and the parent monkey immediately took it and climbed up to the shore without difficulty. However, at that time, the parent monkey seemed to be too weak and did not move until it fell on a large rock. The cubs surrounded the area, rejoicing that they had saved their parents' lives, and caring for their parents.
Yohei saw this situation and went down Kawahara with all his might. Then, I ran back to my house and picked up Jiyoung [# "emphasis mark"] who was playing with Shinji and Otsukake.
"Saa, Jiyoung [#" Jiyoung "is an emphasis mark], I'll return you to my dad! I said, "That", and I ran up the river to "Kami".
When I went to see it, on the rock of Kawamukaifu, the baby monkey was still playing around with the parent monkey, playing with Hinata Botuko.
Yohei crossed the shallow water on the edge of the pool and went to the opposite bank, and made Jiyoung [# "Jiyoung" an emphasis mark] sit on the riverbank.
"Saa, Jiyoung [#" Jiyoung "is an emphasis mark], your father is in his place" Asuko "! You-already go to your father's place! Come on out soon! I heard.
However, Jiyoung [# "Emphasis mark"] is just lying down and playing with the sand of the river, and does not go to the parent monkey. Yohei is polo / \ while shedding tears
"If you're on the left, Jiyoung [#" Jiyoung "is an emphasis mark], I'm going home, so I'll go to my dad early, and my brothers and sisters are on the rock, left. Then, when I tried to enter the shallow water, Jiyoung [# "Emphasis mark" on "Jiyoung"] crawls on the shoulder of Zhousho "Awa" and Yobei, and the collar of that "Eri" The head is pressed against the place. Just like when the mother monkey was shot dead, and when she was struck by her breast, Chibusa.
"Okay / \, do you miss me, so I'll go home with you! I'll keep it until I die. And when I die, I'll be with your mother. I'll bury it in the grave! "
Yohei crossed the river from Nagara. And, in a loud voice, against the monkey of Kawamukai,
He said, "If you guys are on the left!" However, the monkeys were just looking at Jiro / \, Jiyoung [# "Jiyoung" as an emphasis mark], and Yohei with a mysterious face.



Bottom book: "Japanese Children's Literature Series Vol. 1" Holp Shuppan
First print issued on November 30, 1978 (Showa 53)
Parent of the bottom book: "Red Cat" Kinnohoshi
March 1923 (Taisho 12)
First appearance: "Golden Ship" Kinnotsuku
January-February 1920 (Taisho 9)
Input: tatsuki
Proofreading: Keizo Tanaka
Created February 21, 2007
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
