At the Prophet's House
BEIM PROPHETEN
Thomas Mann
Translated by Hayao Saneyoshi

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Ordinary person "normal"
-------------------------------------------------- -----

A strange place, a strange brain, a strange area where the spirit lives-high, shabby. At the end of that big city, where the number of streetlights is getting scarce and two gendarmerie walks, we have to climb the stairs of the houses to the point where we can't climb anymore. Young pale geniuses-a lonely, fierce, heart-wrenching artist, to the slanted roof room where dream criminals are snarling and pensive. Even the cheap and meaningfully decorated workshop, where we are starving but stunned, fighting against the last desolate ideal in the cigarette. There is an end, ice, purity, and emptiness here. No contract, no concession, no tolerance, no measure, no value here. The air here is so thin and pure that the toxins of life no longer grow. Here, stubbornness, extreme thoroughness, desperately occupying the throne, ego, freedom, madness, and death reign.
It was 8 pm on Good Friday. Some of the guests invited by Daniel came at the same time. They received a four-fold invitation. It had an eagle flying in the sky with its flesh grabbed by its claws, and a solicitation to attend Daniel's Declaration Reading Party on the evening of Good Friday was written in a unique font. .. There they met on time in front of a mediocre rented house in a deserted, dimly lit city. The prophet's temporary residence was in this house.
Some of the customers were acquainted with each other and exchanged greetings with each other. A painter born in Poorand, a skinny girl living with him, a Jewish lyric poet with a tall black captain, and his fat, pale wife in a hanging costume, at the same time brave. Someone with a sickly child-a retired cavalry captain of a spiritual believer, and a young philosopher like Kangaruu. However, only the novelist who had a bowler hat and a well-maintained mustache had no acquaintance. He came from another world and just happened to get caught up in here. He is a man who has some negotiations about life, and his books are read among ordinary people. He was forever humble and grateful, deciding to behave roughly as if he were being overlooked. A short distance after the others, he went into the house.
Everyone went up the stairs one after another while holding onto the cast iron railing. Everyone is silent. They are people who know the value of words and can't speak to them. The dim light of a small kerosene lamp on the window rim at the corner of the stairs read the name on the door of the house as I passed by. Everyone is an insurance company employee, a maternity woman, a high-ranking laundry woman, an "agent", a callus healer, "Uonomeshi", passing by the houses and workplaces, quietly and despised. There is no such thing, but it goes up with a feeling of alienation. As if climbing a narrow staircase even in a dim shaft, as a obedience, it climbs up without stopping. Because above that, one faint light is shining on them, from the point that they can't rise anymore-from the last height, one faint, swaying, shimmering light is shining. Because.
Finally, they stood at their destination, in the attic, in the light of six candles. The candles are burning at the top of the stairs, standing on separate candlesticks on a small table, hung with a small colored altar. There was already a gray cardboard tag on the door, which looked like the entrance to a storeroom, and when I saw it, I read the name Daniel written in Latin in charcoal. Everyone rang the bell.
A boy with flat-headed eyes, wearing new blue clothes and shiny decorative shoes, opened the door for everyone. With a candle in my hand, I went diagonally down a small dark corridor, illuminating everyone's feet to a place like a rooftop without wallpaper. There was nothing in the room other than a wooden cloak. The boy advised everyone to take off his cloak, with a dumb, snarling throat. Then, invited by everyone's sympathy, when the novelist asked a question, it became clear that this child was a mute. The child, with his candles, went back down the hallway and guided the guests to another doorway to get inside. The novelist continued from the very end. He is wearing a flocked glove and a glove. He is determined to act as if he were in the church.
In this medium-sized room where everyone walked in, about 20 to 30 candles were burning, and when they shook gently, the brightness was shimmering. A young girl in simple clothes, with a white fold collar and cufflinks-a pure and foolish face, Daniel's sister Maria Joseefa, standing right next to the doorway, holding her hand to everyone. I stretched it out. The novelist knew this woman. We've been together at a literary tea ceremony. At that time, she picked up a teacup and sat down, talking about her brother in a clear and sincere voice. She worships Daniel.
The novelist looked for Daniel with his eyes. -
"I don't have an older brother," said Maria Joseefa. "I don't know where you are, but I'm away, but I know I'll be with us in my heart and I'll be trailing every word while the Declaration is being read."
"Who will read it?" Asked the novelist in a low voice and respectfully. That was a serious question. He is a well-meaning and humble person, with a heartfelt awe for all the phenomena of the world, always learning things, and respecting what he should respect.
"My brother's disciple reads it," replied Maria Joseefa. "The person is supposed to come from Switzerland. I haven't come yet, but I'm sure I'll see it in time."
Facing the doorway, with the upper end supported by the slanted ceiling, while standing on the table, a large stroke drawing "Ahitsuga" drawn with vigorous lines is bathed in candlepower. Can be seen. It depicts Napoleon's rugged and arrogant attitude, warming his feet in riding boots in a fireplace. On the right side of the entrance is an altar-style cupboard with a colored saint statue between the candles on the silver branch candlestick, with both hands facing the heavens. Is spreading. There is a prayer stand in front of it. If you look closer, you'll notice a small amateur photo standing straight on one leg of the saint. The photo shows a young man, about thirty years old, with a terrifyingly protruding, pale forehead and a stubble, bony, raptor-like face.
The novelist stood in front of this portrait of Daniel for a while, but then he took the plunge and proceeded cautiously further into the room. Behind a large round table-on its yellow-polished table, as seen in the invitation, a sword-grabbing eagle is burned in a laurel wreath-a low wooden floor chair. From between the Shogi, a sword, narrow, shredded, Gothic chair towered like a throne. A cheesy cloth on a long, rough bench is long placed in front of a wide ridge of cancer, formed by walls and ceiling. The ridge has a low window. Perhaps because the short fireplace is overheated, its windows remain open and a piece of blue night can be seen from there. At the bottom of the night, and in the distance, the cluttered gas lamps became the points of burning yellow, and gradually disappeared, gradually becoming wider.
By the way, the room on the opposite side of the window is narrow, making it a place like a side bunch. The lights are brighter than the rest of this rooftop room, and it seems that it is used in the middle of the storage room and in the middle of the place of worship. Behind it is a chaise longue covered with a thin blue cloth. You can see the bookshelf with the curtain on your right. At the top is a candle on a sconces and an old-fashioned kerosene lamp. On the left is a table covered with white cloth, on which is a crucifixion statue, a seven-branch candlestick, a cup of red wine, and a piece of dried grape confectionery on a plate. .. However, at the end of this side bunch, it was raised further by an iron sconces, and a gold-clad plaster pillar stood on the base of a flat platform, and a bright red silk altar was hung on the stigma. Is over. On top of that, there is a piece of double-folded paper with something written on it. This is Daniel's Declaration. A whitish wall cloth with a small unpiled wreath covers the walls and the sloping part of the ceiling. Dead faces, beads, and a large rusty sword hang on the four walls. And in addition to that big painting of Napoleon, portraits of Luuter, Nietzsche, Moltke, Alexander VI, Robespierel, and Savona Lola are all in different styles and are hung in the room. -
"This is all about the experience," said Maria Joseefa, trying to find out what effect this arrangement had on the novelist's humble and humble face. However, in the meantime, new guests came in quietly and quietly. So everyone started to sit on benches and chairs with a reluctant attitude. Looking now, in addition to the first person to come, a strange designer with an old baby face, a lame woman who is always introduced as a "female love poet", and an aristocrat who was expelled from her family. With a young unmarried mother-this is a woman with no spiritual desires, but she is included in this group just because she is a mother-and a middle-aged writer. With a Tosemushi musician-there are about twelve guests in the seat. The novelist has withdrawn into the window. And Maria Joseefa sat in a chair right next to the doorway, with her hands on her lap. Thus people are waiting for a disciple from Switzerland to appear in time.
Suddenly, another wealthy lady who always attends such events as a hobby came over. She came here from the city in her own wagon with silk stairs, from a magnificent house with Gobelin weave and yellow marble fringed doors. I climbed all the stairs, opened the door, and came in. Beautifully flamboyant and gorgeous, she came in with yellow embroidered blue embroidery, reddish-brown hair and a Parisian hat. And he smiled with his Tizian eyes. Curiosity, boredom, the joy of seeing the subject, the favor for all the extraordinary things-that's what she came to. After greeting Daniel's sister and the novelist who always goes in and out of his house, on the bench in front of the window, a female romance poet and a kangaruu-like appearance, as if it were proper. I sat down with my philosopher.
"I was almost there," she whispered to the novelist sitting behind her with a clean, well-moving mouth. "I was a tea customer because it was a long time." ……
The novelist was completely impressed and was grateful that he was dressed in a way that was not embarrassing. He wondered what a beautiful woman he was. As expected, there is only the mother of that daughter. -
"By the way, what about Soonya?" He asked over the lady's shoulder. "Mr. Soonya didn't bring you."
Soonya, the daughter of this wealthy lady, is, in the eyes of a novelist, a lie-like, well-crafted creation, a multi-cultural miracle, and a culture reached. It was the ideal of. I named her twice because it's an indescribable pleasure for him to pronounce it.
"Soonya is weak," said the wealthy lady. "Well, I'm sorry, I've got my legs sick. No, it's nothing. I'm just done, I'm a little sore, I'm sorry. I made an incision. That's also necessary. You probably didn't, but you want it yourself. "
"You want it yourself," the novelist repeated with an inspiring whisper. "That's Mr. Soonya. But at all, how can I convey my sympathy?"
"That's right. I'm looking forward to working with you," said the wealthy lady, but because he was silent, "that's not enough."
"Yes, it's not enough," he said in a very low voice. Then the lady replied with a smile because she respected his book.
"Then, please send me some flowers."
"Thank you," he said. "Thank you. I will do so." But in my heart, I thought: ―― "Any flower? What a bouquet. It's a big bouquet. Tomorrow, let's go to the flower shop by Tsuji carriage before breakfast." ―― And he has a certain negotiation for life. I felt.
At that time, I heard a rushing noise in the room, and when I thought that the door had opened, I immediately fluttered. And in front of the congregation, a chunky young man stood in a dark suit while bathing in candlepower. --A disciple from Switzerland. He glanced around the room with a terrifying look, then with a fierce footstep, he went to the plaster pillar in front of the side bunch, and got on a flat platform behind the pillar, as if it were rooted there. As if I was trying to do it, I set my foot on it, picked up the top piece of the manuscript, and immediately started reading.
He is only 28 years old and has an ugly face with a boar neck. The trimmed hair sticks out at an acute angle into the narrow, wrinkled forehead. The reticent, sullen, rugged face has a flat nose, protruding bones, mossy cheeks, and thick, protruding lips. There is. This face remains wild and pale. The reading voice is wild and unreasonably loud, yet it sways in the depths and loses momentum due to busy breathing. The hand holding the manuscript is large and red, and still sways in small steps. So he shows an eerie mixture of brutality and fragility, and what he reads is strangely well-balanced.
It was sermons, metaphors, criticisms, laws, hallucinations, prophecies, and daily imperative announcements. It was a mix of psalm and apocalyptic terminology with military tactical and philosophical critical terms, followed in a cluttered, endless line. The enthusiastic and indignant ego grows up in a lonely megalomaniac and threatens the world, bursting with rebellious words. Its name is Christus Impeller Atl Maximus (Christ the Supreme Ruler). He hangs an undying army, proclaims his mission, and sets harsh conditions to overcome the entire planet. It demands poverty and chastity. And while being intoxicated with a kind of unnatural pleasure in the unfulfilled disturbance, he repeats the commandment of absolute obedience many times. The Buddha, Alexander, Napoleon, and Jesus are all called his obedient precursors-those who deserve to unlace the shoes of this spiritual emperor.
After reading for an hour, the disciple took a sip of red wine from a glass of red wine while shaking, and picked up another declaration. A sweat ball is floating on a narrow forehead. Thick lips are terrifying. And between complains, he constantly exhaled through his nose, with a short gasping sound-in a tired, barking tone, the lonely ego sang and raging, commanding. When I think about sinking in a tangled image or sinking in a whirlpool of illogicality, it immediately emerges in a completely unexpected place. The lyrics that hurt God and the lyrics that praised him-frankincense and blood smoke were mixed with each other. The world was conquered and rescued by the gunshots and the shang dynasty. -
It is probably not easy to determine the effect of this Daniel's Declaration on the audience. Some are looking up at the ceiling with a dull look, with their heads all the way back, while others are crouching low above their knees and burying their faces in both hands. The eyes of a female romance poet are faint and hazy every time the word "chastity" echoes. Then a philosopher like Kangaruu sometimes writes something vague in the air with his long, bent index finger. The novelist has been vacantly broken for a long time trying to take a suitable posture for back pain. At ten o'clock, a ham sandwich appeared in his hallucinations, but he heroically repelled it.
Around 10:30, everyone saw the disciple holding the last large-format manuscript paper in his red-shaking right hand. It's over. "Soldiers, etc." "I'm going to leave the world to rob you and others." Then I got off the stage and turned around the troupe, and went out of the door as if I had come.
The audience was still in the last position for a minute, still standing still, but when they stood up as if they had agreed, they squeezed Maria Joseefa's hand in a whisper, and soon after. I told Niitoma. Maria Joseefa stood quietly and cleanly, again right next to the doorway, with her white fold collar.
The mute boy was waiting outside the door properly. Guide the guests to the cloak room with a candle, put on the cloak, and then walk down the narrow stairs first-on the stairs, the light of candles sways from the climax of Daniel's kingdom. It had fallen-I went to the big door below and opened it. The guests stepped forward to the dreary city at the end of the day.
The wealthy lady's wagon was parked in front of the house. On the coachman's stand, between the two glittering horn lights, I saw the coachman raising his hand with a whip handle to his hat. The novelist sent the wealthy lady to the carriage door.
"How is it?" He asked.
"I'm sorry about this," she replied. "But that person is really a genius, or something close to that."
"That's right. What a genius is," he began to think. "That Daniel has all the conditions-loneliness, freedom, spiritual passion, great eyesight, faith in self, and even guilt and madness. What's missing? I wonder if it's human. I wonder if it's a little lacking in emotions, longing, and love. But that's a completely improvisational hypothesis. "
"Give me to Soonya," he said when the lady extended her farewell hand from her seat. At the same time, I wondered how the lady would take "Soonya" instead of saying "Soonya" or "Lady", and asked her for her complexion.
The lady respected his book. So I forgave it with a smile.
"Let's tell."
"Thank you," he said. And with the euphoria of hope, his heart was swirled. "Now, let's eat dinner like a wolf."
He has a certain negotiation for life.



Bottom book: "Thomas Mann Shorts" Iwanami Bunko, Iwanami Shoten
Issued the first print on March 16, 1979 (Showa 54)
Issued 33rd edition on May 24, 2003
Input: kompass
Proofreading: Yuji Sakai
Created March 8, 2015
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
