Good medicine and great medicine
Kenji Miyazawa

-------------------------------------------------- -------
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Sutra

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) In Kuru Kuru [# "n" is a small note]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

Kiyoo went to the open space in the forest to pick up the roses today.
And when I fell into the cold forest, Tsugumi immediately flew in and said.
"Mr. Kiyoo. Are you taking medicine today?
How about your mother?
Is there still a rose fruit? "
Kiyoo laughed,
I passed there, saying, "No, Tsugumi, good morning."
Hearing that voice, the owl said in a thick voice in the hollow of the tree.
"Kiyoo, which one do you collect medicine for today?"
Is my mother a little yes?
Isn't the rose fruit still gone?
[# Indent two characters from here]
Gogino Gogio Hong,
[# End of indentation here]
[# Indent 6 characters from here]
Do you collect medicine today?
[# End of indentation here]
Is my mother a little yes?
Isn't the rose fruit still gone? "
Kiyoo laughed,
I passed there, saying, "No, Fukurofu, good morning."
In the small water pool "Mizutama" in the forest, "Ashi" sang for the rest of his life, and Yoshikiri hurriedly said "I".
"Kiyoo-san, Kiyoo-san,
[# Indent 3 characters from here]
Do you take medicine, medicine, medicine?
[# End of indentation here]
Kiyoo-san, Kiyoo-san,
[# Indent 3 characters from here]
How about mom, mom, mom?
[# End of indentation here]
Kiyoo-san, Kiyoo-san,
[# Indent 3 characters from here]
Rose fruit Is there still a rose fruit or a rose fruit? "
[# End of indentation here]
Kiyoo laughed,
I passed there, saying, "No, good luck, good morning."
And I have already come to Meichi in the forest.
It is a small round green meadow surrounded by black spruce trees and spruce trees, and the legs of the trees are full of wild roses, just like the edge of the meadow. I'm sorry.
Kiyoo started picking up the roses that were burnt purple until the sun. In the sky, clouds shined like a flag, and I made a pattern like the tail of a white peacock.
Kiyoo was thinking only about his mother, he dropped his sweat and gathered his life for the rest of his life, but for some reason, the bottom of the basket did not disappear no matter how long that day passed. In the meantime, the sun came to the middle of the sky, and the forest began to squeak.
(It's the sound of sucking up the water of a tree), Kiyoo said.
Even so, the bottom of the basket was not hidden yet.
Jay
"Kiyoo-san, I'm already hiru. Please raise your lunch. I'll drop it. Sora." I dropped a drop of blue acorns.
However, Kiyoo is not there. You have to take your usual position as soon as possible and go home. Already, it was too hot and all the flag clouds flew to the east.
The bottom of the basket is not hidden yet.
While Yoshikiri was flying over Kiyoo's head trying to go to the forest's Mukaifu swamp,
"Kiyoo-san, Kiyoo-san. Is it still? Is it still? It's still more."
Kiyoo spilled sweat and died for the rest of his life. The bottom of the basket will never be hidden. I was completely tired of it, and while standing vaguely, I put a single rose fruit on my lips.
What do you do then? My lips were tingling, but I was swaying, and when something clean flow was completely washed from my head to my hands to my feet, I felt refreshed. I thought that the sky would turn blue and even the small moss under the grass would be clearly visible.
In addition, everyone can clearly understand the faint sounds that could not be heard until now, and even the various scents of various trees can be picked up one by one. When I was surprised to see the fruit of the one rose that I had in my hand, it glowed beautifully like a raindrop, and I fell in love with it.
Kiyoo jumped up and was happy to take it and went home in the wind. And I gave it to my mother. When my mother drank it in water, her illness suddenly became a pin and she got up. After that, I was completely exhausted.

*

However, the story gradually spread. Both here and there, I was reputed for the mysterious fruit of the rose. For the most part, it was the one that God gave to Kiyoo.
However, there was something called Daizo in a nearby town. This person was like an elephant, and he was a fake money messenger, so he had a lot of fake money and a lot of money, and no one was a fake money messenger. I didn't know about folds, so I thought that this was a human being, and that I was a great person. However, I was told that I was in trouble because I couldn't breathe because my head wasn't dim. Doctors said that this was a little too much to eat, but if you made a little feast, all the dull heads and dullness would be healed, but Daizo is always good.ゝ This is because there is something missing in the body, so look, beriberi, because there is poison in the rice, so don't eat rice. I said Nahoru, but what about now, it's because vitamins aren't enough in the food, and you guys know that if you're a doctor. He refused to work with Guahi, and on the contrary, he sent a doctor.
And steadily, my head got better and my breath was awkward, my body was healed, and I searched for a medicine that would eat more delicious food, but I couldn't find it easily. I just heard the story of Kiyoo's plow and the fruit of the roses, so I'm dying. I immediately asked about 100 people and came to look for the forest. I thought it would be a problem if the person who was looking for it was swallowed by that person right away, so I rode a horse-drawn carriage in the hot weather and came to the forest myself. Then I got off the carriage at the entrance of the forest and sank into the forest where I wanted to squeeze a pair, and Tsugumi immediately flew in and said, "I was a little disappointed."
"Oh, oh, this is a terrible fertilizer, whether it's a whole person or an elephant. What the hell are you coming to?"
Daizo got angry,
He said, "What is it, if you look for medicine now, this forest will be grilled."
Hearing that voice, the owl said in a thick voice in the tree hollow.
"Oh, oh, it's a voice I've never heard of. It's a bellows. It's a human. If it's a bellows, it's a goginogogiohon, a silver bellows. . "
Now, Daizo was talking about his own profession, so he turned red and shook his cheeks.
He said, "What is it? It's a bellows for people. If you're looking for medicine now, this forest is gura-yaki."
Then, this time, Yoshikiri, who was in a small pool of water in the forest, "Ashi", said in a hurry.
"Oh my god, this is a big leather bag, or it's a human being, I'm surprised, I'm surprised. I'm surprised. I'm surprised."
Daizo is finally angry,
"What a brute. If you take it for medicine, I'll show it to this Hayashi Gura, Kurukurun [#" n "is a small note]. damn it. "
Then Daizo came to the open space in the forest with 100 people.
"Well, come on. Look for it. Look for it firmly." Daizo stood in the middle and said.
Everyone searched for it, but there is no such thing.
In the sky, clouds shine like white eels, and white pigs crawl like eels.
Daizo took the medicine early, but he kept thinking about it for the rest of his life, but he waited for a sigh of sweat.
Everyone is rustling, but I can't find it easily.
In the meantime, the sun came to the middle of the sky, and the forest began to squeak. Ah, Daizo thought that the beriberi tree wanted vitamins. Still, I still can't find the fruit of the plow and the roses.
Jay
"Hi elephant, I'm already hiru. Please raise your lunch. I'll drop it. Sora."
While saying that, I dropped a piece of chestnut bark.
"Eh, bruxism. I'll bring a gun later and let it go." Daizo bruxed and bruxed.
In the sky, all the white eel clouds flew away, and Daizo sweated. Not found yet. While Yoshikiri escapes toward the swamp in the forest,
"Mr. Bellows. Mr. Bellows. Not yet. Not yet. Still more."
I passed it.
It's already evening. So everyone thought it was no good and stopped looking for it. Daizo also stood in trouble for a while, but soon he clapping his hands.
"Yeah. I'm Daisan. I'll show you the plow and the fruit of the roses to Kosa. Hey, everyone take the tenth piece of the roses and go."
Therefore, Daizo returned to his house with the tenth rose fruit.
Then I went down to the fake gold factory and put the roses in a crucible. Then, in order to make it plow, I put a piece of glass, mercury and hydrochloric acid, sprinkled it on a bellows and a bellows, and burned it red. Then how about it? I made something that I liked in the crucible. Daizo was happy to swallow it. Then he died. At about 8:30 pm, the plow and sash that was made in the crucible was actually the worst poisonous drug called "Shokou".



Bottom book: "Shinshu Kenji Miyazawa Complete Works Vol. 8" Chikuma Shobo
May 15, 1979 (Showa 54) First edition first edition issued
January 30, 1984 (Showa 59) First edition 7th edition issued
Input: Yukio Hayashi
Proofreading: Kaku Kubo
Created October 27, 2002
Revised June 1, 2003
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
