Yokyoku and themes
Uemura Shoen

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Mitsune

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Mibu no Tadamine | Tadamine

/ \: Double dance character (repeated symbol in the shape of a vertically lengthened "ku")
(Example) Wave ridge / \ Overgrown
-------------------------------------------------- -----

Do you say that you are not good at sideways, I put songs first in my hobbies.
I have been learning about Iwao Kongo for a long time, but I still haven't improved. Perhaps because I'm not trying to be good at it, I've been doing the same for ten years.

When playing a song, you can feel yourself becoming clean as if your body and mind were washed by the cool breeze.

There is also a proper sense of morality in the song, such as the right way for human beings to live, or the instilling of the spirit of Takeshi Takeshi, or emphasizing the idea of chastity. What is being done is dignified and dignified, and it is sung with a high voice from the bottom of the chanting, so it is natural that the body and mind of the singing hand will be purified. It will not be.

Therefore, all the events depicted in the song can be said to be the subject of this painting.
Unless it has a very high content, it cannot be taken up in a song, so even if the phenomenon is transferred to a picture, the picture will naturally become a high-quality one.
Because I like yokyoku, there are quite a few pictures I drew from the yokyoku. Among them, "Kinuta" and "Soshigami Komachi" are typical examples.

Although it is said to be the material for painting, it is not the so-called song made in letters. There are many stage aspects of that high-quality Nogaku that is produced along with it.

The face of an expressionless person whose expression does not change is called Noh mask, but even with that expressionless Noh mask, once a master's teacher puts it on and goes out to the stage, it is not expressionless. It shows a lively and artistic expression during each move.

My teacher, Iwao Kongo, and other masters were all bloody, and while I was watching Noh,
"Is that a Noh mask?"
I often suspect that. In such a case, that face is no longer a face, but a living person's face.

Soshi paper washing Komachi

"Kusagami Washikomachi" was exhibited at the Bunten exhibition in 1945, and was inspired by Professor Iwao Kongo's Noh stage appearance.
It is said that Mr. Kongo's Komachi is exquisite in ancient times, but one day the Noh masks of that Komachi turned red, and while I was watching it, it was not the Noh masks but the face of the beautiful Komachi itself. It was. I was looking at it as if I was dreaming
"If you treat that as the face of a living beauty who is not a Noh mask ..."
When I thought so, the composition of that Soshigami Komachi was completed smoothly.

Once upon a time, when there was a singing party at the inner palace, Ono no Komachi was selected as the partner of Otomo Kuroshio.
The black lord secretly sneaks into Komachi's mansion the night before and steals Komachi's singing tomorrow's song, saying that Komachi is a woman who is a singer who bears his name. I have.
The theme is "waterside grass", but the song Komachi made is
[# Indent 4 characters from here]
What to seed without sowing
Wave ridge / \ Raw thick rum
[# End of indentation here]
However, the hungry black lord secretly copied it and went home, added the song to the paper of the Manyoshu as a reader's ignorance, and made a faceless face the next day to match the song of Seiryoden. I went to see you.

The people who gather are Kawachi's Mitsune, Ki no Tsurayuki, Uemon's Fusho Mibu | Tadamine, Ono no Komachi, Otomo Kuroshio, and all the famous Ikki Tousen families on this road. -Among them, when Komachi's song was finally performed, the emperor and all the worshipers were praised that there would be no more songs, but at that time, the black lord said
"This is an old song"
Komachi was struggling to advance and retreat because the song in the Manyo songbook was used as evidence, but Komachi was sick of advancing and retreating. I found that the font was distorted and the color of the ink was different, so I appealed to the emperor, but the emperor immediately forgave me, so Komachi gave me a paper on the spot. After washing, the song of grass on the waterside flowed away as if it was drowned out, and Komachi was able to escape from the false charge of the song in a dangerous place.

It is a very well-made Nogaku, and Komachi's crazy behavior that Komachi is accused of being an old song by the black lord is the white eye of this Kyogen, and Mr. Kongo who can perform it The appearance was so magnificent that it could be called a god skill.
I came up with the idea of washing the paper of Komachi's losing soul because I saw Mr. Kongo's art of this god.

My Soshi-washing Komachi was just replacing the face of Mr. Kongo's Komachi with the face of a living person, the model was Mr. Kongo, and I received that painting material from him.

Dadeumi

This is a weather in Ashiya, Kyushu. Due to my own complaint, I am in Tokyo. Even though I know that Karisome is in Tokyo, I am three years old this year. Too much of his hometown, Furusato, he thought that he would give a woman who called him a servant, Yugiri. How Yugiri, too much hometown, should do what you want. At the end of this year, be sure to get the reason to go down ...

In the song "Hisashi", Yugiri, who received the life of his master, went down to the Ashiya mansion in Chikuzen province, met a certain wife of Ashiya, and gave the message of his master.
My wife, who had been waiting for her husband's return for three years, was disappointed because it was Yugiri, a servant, not her husband, but at least the back of her love. As a comfort to hear your news, when talking about the capital of Yomoyama and the hardships of my husband, from somewhere, I heard a rare sound of tantantan breaking through the night. Because I came, my wife in the hall was suspicious,
"Oh mysteriously, there's a noise in you. What's that?"
"That is the sound of the villager's Dadeumi"
"I'm sick of my own melancholy, and I'm struck by the thoughts of the ancient affairs. I'm abandoned by Su Wu and Ihishi in Tang, and in my hometown. Thinking about his wife, child, and night cold sleep, he went up to the high tower and struck a concubine. It became the hometown of Kinuta. When the concubine "Straw" was comforted, the loneliness was removed, and Aya's robe was put on the Kinuta to comfort her. "
"No, it's a good thing to do with the dadeumi, but for the sake of comfort, it's a good idea to let the dadeumi go."
In response to such a question and answer, the wife of the mansion screamed with love for the grudge of her husband in the capital of Kyoto. Will fly to her husband. I took a picture of the chastity of the wife's husband in this building in the picture of "Kinuta".

Keeping your feelings inside, you can see the gentle appearance of a precious Japanese woman when you squeeze the affection of a woman like geothermal heat into a single sword and resonate with the city. Isn't it possible?
The flame of love that burns in the mouth ... I think that the sound of the tantantan and the dadeumi would have been sadly sad because I was holding that flame.

My picture of "Kinuta" captures the beautiful figure of my wife who is just getting up and trying to get to the seat of Kinuta that Yugiri has prepared.
It was drawn after "Kusagami Washikomachi" in the work exhibited at the Bunten exhibition in 1938.

Although the era is not clearly stated in the song, I drew the heroine of Kinuta as a custom of the Genroku era.
砧 ｜ 擣 《U》 This is because I thought that a Genroku woman would be better for expressing a woman who hides the feelings of flames inside.



Bottom book: "Blue Eyebrow Extract / Blue Eyebrow Extract Collection" Kodansha
First edition issued on November 10, 1976 (Showa 51)
May 31, 1977 (Showa 52) 2nd printing
Input: Takashi Kawayama
Proofreading: Atsushi Suzuki
Created April 5, 2008
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
