First trip to the remaining age
--Central China Yuuki--
Uemura Shoen

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Shige no Ie

｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Miscellaneous |

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) Guai [# "Guai" is "Guai" in the original]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

Crossing the sea

Every year, a very busy life continues. I don't think we should continue to live like this.
I stayed at home all year round and received a phone call. People are constantly visiting. It's constant, very dizzying. I don't think people in the world can imagine the noisy and cluttered state.
The people in the world must not think that my life is so troublesome. You must think of it as a life that is as clear as a quiet, deep water bottom that has been settled down. However, in reality, it is a life that is far from that.
I was thinking that I had to do something about it. This is because, of course, not only does it hurt your health, but you also lose your mind. There, he built a house toward the countryside according to the recommendations of the monkeys. Shoko is here. It was because Shoko also thought about that. I'm going there as a hideaway. However, because of the work procedure, I haven't been there for a while, and I want to be freed from the rush of life in this busy life and indulge in meditation. It was coming.

This time, Yuki China did not have any trouble in that sense, and even if there was such a thing, it was a promise that the person on the other side would do it completely. If I arrive at the station where the train runs, I just have to stop and take the train. You don't have to meet people at the exit. If you get on the train, my seat is properly taken there. That's why the other person will do everything from the joint venture. I don't have to draw a single picture there. I decided to go to Kyoto with colored paper for the Imperial Army's consolation, so I didn't have to do anything after I left home. Then, for about a month, you can continue your silent journey. Of course, even if I talked to him, I couldn't get through to the other side, and it was better to have someone do it. Then I decided to travel a clean and refreshing distance from my life for many years. It was my first trip in my life, a long-distance and long-day trip for me.
This trip had been recommended for a long time, but it was difficult to realize it and it was left as it was, so I decided to make a decision this time.

It was probably past 10:30 on the evening of October 29th. I took a train from Kyoto station. From now on, the train passed Osaka and continued to run straight along the Chinese muscles, passed through the Kanmon Strait, went to Nagasaki, and boarded the ship from here. On the thirty days, I stayed overnight at an inn in Nagasaki and got into the Nagasaki Maru around 10 am on the 31st day.

The weather was very nice. I think the ship weighed 6,000 tons. I was supposed to sleep on the ship that night and arrive in Shanghai by noon the next day.
At night, when I went out from the cabin to the deck, the seawater on the way was lush, but the sea on the way was red. Until then, there were no islands and there was nothing to block the eyes, but in the end it can be seen that the stones are scattered in a jumbled manner. That was Shanghai.
On the ship, I was with Mr. Ta, the vice president of Central China Railway, his wife, and secretaries. Since we were going from Tokyo to Shanghai, we met at a station in Kyoto and left. On the ship, I crossed the sea without a hitch, talking lively with them. It was a quiet voyage. Lunch still ended on board, and when I landed, I settled down at the Xinjia Hotel on North Sichuan Road, Shanghai. Then I decided to drive around the city of Shanghai with everyone. I also looked around the mysteries outside the concession.

Shanghai drawing

How should I express the impression after going around Shanghai all the time? Anyway, it's a very lively place.
The width of the street is not as wide as Ginza in Tokyo, and it feels strangely narrow. Shops are lined up on both sides. Buses, cars, and rickshaws with upstairs pass through the middle of the street, and both sides are full of people, people, and people. It was chaotic and very lively.
I drove around the city about three times, got off at the French Concession, and there was a big department store, Wing On, so I went there.
Then I felt various things. What a mysterious place Shanghai is! The back and front of the city are like hell and paradise.
Then the rich and the beggars are all crowded. In a busy city, there are many small streets with narrow horizontal lines that look like open fields. There is a messy little food store there. Instead, Chinese people sit in the houses and eat greasy food under the blue ceiling. Under the blue ceiling, which has no eaves or eaves, I thought that dust would come down. However, the Chinese people are all right about such things, and they are eating deliciously. If you step deeper into it, you will find something surprising, like a beggar's nest, with a mysterious name, and you can remember the creepy horror running on your skin. There may be any serious crime there. What secrets may have been planned. Give such an impression.
On a sunny day, there are some who sit on a trashy and foul-smelling place and have a laid-back face to remove lice. There is no shame, no anxiety, and I am doing it with a natural face. There is a mystery like a carefree, bottomless swamp. Outside of that, there were two large gambling venues, one where intellectuals and rich people gathered, and the other where unsolicited people gathered to come to gambling. It was a story to show it, but neither intellectuals nor unsolicited people were seen. However, when I came through the surface of such a strange house, it was said that the Buddha's concession was not so dangerous, so I usually went beyond the limits of the concession every day.

I was sitting right in the middle of the car. And there were people on both sides of me. The other one had men on board. I was walking around the city every day with two cars each. The next day, when I went by car, there was a huge miscellaneous ｜ Tou, and in such a place, the starving dead was left lying down. I wanted to take a quick look at it, but when I was walking, it wasn't just that, it was actually there and here [# "Guai" is "Guai" in the bottom line] There is no mystery that no one sees as unusual as I do. Passersby pass by without knowing it. In Japan, it is said that such a fall would make a fuss, but in this land, no one knew and passed by. It's a really strange and miserable place with no crowds.
When I went to Suzhou, it was a cold night in mid-November. Then, it is said that there were about 100 dead people in Shanghai due to the cold weather last night. When I heard the story, I was completely surprised. Whether or not there is such a place, there is a big dance hall outside the concession. It is said that everyone dances there from about 12 o'clock in the evening to about 5 am the next day. There is such a pleasure place, and it seems that a quiet lady, a fashionable son, and a rich man go. On the one hand, there is such a place, and it seems that there is no such thing as a middle class with a huge difference between rich and poor.
The movie theater was also very nice and big, and it was said that he couldn't enter anymore even if he was doing well and was a little late. I'll buy a ticket because it's daytime. There was a break room and this was very large. Besides, the supplies are very abundant, and I can wait for a car for two or three hours. It was like waiting for hours until the play started. There are plenty of cosmetics, yarns, and cotton cloths on the shelves.

Chinese play

There is a large hotel run by Jews in Shanghai, an 11-story hotel. Looking down from the 5th and 6th floors, the other side is like a beach. Cars are lined up there like a string of beads. Even on the front of the hotel, there are always five or six cars parked. There is no inconvenience in the car.
I was in Shanghai for about 4 days. In the meantime, he gave military consolation. The hospital was also hit by a gunball and still had bullet holes, and the day of the fierce battle was expected. There were many disabled veterans in the hospital. It was a pleasure to me that everyone was very happy when we visited in this way. And he received various hospitality.
Visit the Shanghai Shrine. Since November 3rd was a good day for Meiji-setsu, there were several weddings. There was a young bride in white and wearing a three-costume hat, all of whom were Japanese daughters. It is a marriage of Japanese comrades.
I had injected cholera, chibs and blisters before leaving Kyoto. The doctor warned me that if I had to be very careful, I wouldn't be afraid of being hit by Chiang Kai-shek terrorism. I was surprised that it would stand out when I wore Japanese clothes, but when I walked around the streets of Shanghai, my daughter in Japanese clothes and a considerable old lady were walking calmly. I was completely relieved because there were babysitters and many Japanese people.
There is still no danger inside the concession. There was a vegetable market near the hotel, and I saw a lot of Japanese women going shopping for greenery.
On the last day, I watched a Chinese play for about an hour. A good female actor was coming. I didn't understand the scenario. It was a refreshing musical accompaniment. There is no tool stand or background like Japanese plays. The curtain is just hanging backwards. It is a salt plum that comes out at the gate when needed. Put only the sign of the gate, and when the actor goes through the gate, he immediately folds it and puts it in. It was a symbolic tool like a Japanese Noh tool.
However, I saw a little country play in Sushu. I was congratulated by the Chief of Special Affairs Agency Suzhou, who was returning from Nanjing, on the train. At that time, a Japanese person came into the train, but I posted my photo and article in the newspaper in Shanghai. So people seemed to be looking at it, and when they got on the train, they probably knew that the party was the main newspaper, and they said to me from the other side. This person was a lieutenant colonel named Kaneko, but he was talking about showing the good points of the garden in Suzhou. He told me to come to the official residence of that person, so after I settled down in a Japanese inn called Shige no Ie in Suzhou, I eventually visited the official residence. It was a magnificent large government building, and I had a supper treat. This person was very talkative and then didn't talk to it.
I saw a play on the way back from there. At that time, the lieutenant colonel was told to let my secretary guide me to the play, so I took him by car to the play. The secretary told me to go to the dressing room to see if he was a good man again, so I decided to show him. When I went up to the trashy upstairs, it was all in one room, with all the actors dressed according to their roles. It plays various roles such as emperor and bicycle. Becoming an emperor has a high nose and a nice face. There is also a female role there. I sketched it because it's unusual. When I run the brush and copy it, I look into the sketchbook and say that it looks a lot like that, and the actor dressed up beside me comes to look into it again. When I came back from the stage, I fixed my collar and came as if I had a copy of myself. I thought that the dressing room of such a country play was rather interesting.
The shading of the actor's face was very interesting not seen in Japan. Paint the tip of the clown's nose with vermilion, and then add one or two brush strokes around the cheeks with corners and whitewash, or paint red and yellow on the forehead, which surprises people. It's an indescribable dress, and it's all symbolic, so it's not a photorealistic piece, it's a simple one. Even if I hang some special costume on top of it, it has become a role that I should have.

Yu-kun

When you leave the play and walk along the dark stone-paved road, you will find a geisha shop. When I went upstairs, there were chairs lined up in the room, and a grinning man was pulling a sword at the end, and then a geisha appeared there. The geisha wears a blusher and sits next to the man who is currently playing the violin and sings a song that doesn't make sense to the instrument. When the song is over, I drink tea and go home immediately. The geisha who came next will sing a song in the same way and go home. This may be because I only saw geisha, but it's not that these women, this room, or anything beautiful. It's not that she's a beautiful woman. Even in such a place, a man seems to go out to play. Eventually, when I was indulged in such strange feelings, it seems that a young geisha with no powder powder specializes in singing songs. It seems that it is the role of a man to play an instrument. The stationmaster came here with me. Generally, the stationmaster was a person who was familiar with the land and various situations of the land, and whenever I got off at the station, I met each stationmaster in the stationmaster's office and asked them to guide me in various ways. When I went to Yangzhou, I was shown a steamed bun shop.

Unrinji Temple

I went from Shanghai to Hangzhou. In Hangzhou, I stayed at an inn called Xihu Hotel, which is located on the highest hill in Xihu. Around 2 pm, I visited the military and the military hospital. Then I arrived at this inn before sunset. I got a fever here.
Actually, I had a cold when I was in Shanghai. The night before I left for Hangzhou, I went to see a dance hall in Shanghai. As I mentioned earlier, the dance hall is a large hall. In the middle was a plank. I felt a little cold there. It seems that he had already caught a cold at that time.
When I looked at the inn in Hangzhou, I didn't care about it, but I sneezeed. So I took medicine and went to the floor. When I measured it with a thermometer, I found that I had a fever of about 37 degrees and 8 minutes. He took the medicine warmly and went to the floor quietly. The next day, I didn't get a fever, so a doctor came and said that I should sleep warmly, so I stayed on the floor all day. Fortunately, the next day, my fever went down, but I refrained from going outside and was resting at the inn for about three days. And on the fourth day, I went to see only two temples in Yamate, Hangzhou. The temple is Tamsenji and Unrin-in. This was also the battlefield that the Imperial Army advanced. Half of the gate was also open. It's a lonely place in Yamate, so I thought it was still dangerous, and fourteen or five soldiers from the army escorted me with a machine gun on the truck. Fortunately, for this reason, he was not attacked by the enemy and was able to visit without a hitch. There was a big pond at Tamsenji Temple. The pond was filled with clean, clear water. Dozens of big carps were swimming around. The temple priest asked me to feed the carp and brought something like millet straw, so I gave it to the carp. The boy was just like being in the mountain water of Nanga, and he was eating the same food he gave to the carp. From there, drive up the mountain to reach Unrin-in Temple. There are about five or six girl guides here. Both were children of the poor. Besides, I am good at when I learned Japanese. When we got out of the car, the girl suddenly ran and said, "Today." "I will guide you," he says. There are boys and adult guides here, but it seems that this girl is the best to get out of it. I will take the lead and guide you more and more. There was an air raid shelter in the back of the temple. Now that is one of the specialties. Each person holds a candle in the dark interior and goes in while illuminating his feet, but the inside is quite wide. There were several divided rooms, such as a bedroom illuminated by candlelight, a bathroom, a conference room, and a toilet. They were winding and winding. Then, I couldn't help but wipe out the girl in the example to tell her, "Please be careful of Asmoto."
Of course, there was a Buddha statue enshrined in the temple. However, there is no dignity or appreciation found in Japanese Buddhist statues. I don't know if it was painted or pasted on it, but even the gold color of the Buddha statue gave an unpleasant impression that it had a strange reddish tinge instead of the true gold color.
Saiko stayed for about four days from the 5th of November, but this land was not very cold. When I went by boat to the west lake, there was an island in the lake, and there was a pavilion of literary people on the island, so it was a nice place with various scenery. Sutsumi also has a nice atmosphere. Especially on rainy days, there was an indescribable beauty in the smoky rain.
The Qiantang River was beautiful as a vagueness because the other side was cloudy in the rain and just reminded me of the mountain water of the sumi-e painting of Nanga.

Karako Doji

The Purple Mountain in Nanjing seemed to fit into the frame from the window of the inn where I was staying, but in the evening it looked like a very beautiful mountain.
The shape of the mountain is like a square around the peak of Mt. Fuji, and when the setting sun hits it, it turns completely purple. And the tiles of the houses at the foot of the mountain were so beautiful that they shined golden, although I didn't know what the relationship was.
I thought that the name Shikinzan was suitable for this scene, but in the morning, the golden houses that were so beautiful as if it were Ryugu Castle were really the roots of the house, which was not interesting at all. It was.
There was a bridge over the Qiantang River in Hangzhou, but at the time of the incident, an enemy soldier blew up in the middle and escaped, so it was interrupted and crashed into the river. There is a mountain near the hotel, and a Taoist lives in the mountain. It was said that I lived constantly for a long time, but I couldn't go to see it because of my inconvenience.
There are Kanro-ji and Jinshan-ji in Zhenjiang. Seen from Kanro-ji Temple, the bottom is lake water, and reeds and reeds are growing all the time. It is said that these reeds and reeds are taken and crafted. It seems that the amount of production of such crafts is quite large, so here it was said that reeds and reeds are very important. Kanayama Temple was a very large temple. It was quite far away, but I could easily see it in the car.
When you go to Kanro-ji Temple, the stone steps continue all the way up. There is a messy private house near the entrance to the stone steps. From there, about four to ten bad children came out and pushed the worshiper's waist with both hands later to climb the stone steps. And the wages received became the income of these children. Among them, the poor child had hair that reminded me of an old Karako. I shave the hair on the front and only on the ears, shave it, and knit the remaining hair into triplets, pinch it, and squeeze it, just like the Karako in the old paintings. I couldn't help but look at the strange customs that remained in such a countryside with a mysterious nostalgia.
Although about three children pushed my waist, I couldn't walk so fast, so the children made fun of me. And I saw some of them, who are reminiscent of a lovable child, Karako.

Smoke tower

On the way back from Hangzhou to Shanghai, I stopped by at the Yanyu Building in Jiaxing.
Jiaxing is a bit like an island. The house I stayed in looked like Chinese from the outside, but the inside was an inn suitable for Japanese style. The balustrade was Chinese style, and there were Taihu stones and stones in the garden.
If you stayed at this inn and used hand water in the morning, a very big bird would soon become a human being. It is a magpie that is dyed separately in black and white. This is commonly referred to as Chinese birds, and there were many of them. However, there were some black birds that you can see in Japan.
To get to the Smoke Tower, you would walk a little from the car and then board the ship, which is called the mother-in-law ship. Sometimes a young girl is rowing a boat. It is said that the beautiful thing about her mother-in-law is to go on a boat. Inside this ship is their home for them. It's all about life. I also went into the ship and took a picture of my mother-in-law. A red blanket is stretched out and laid inside the ship, and it is wrapped around it. I live in a small boat as my own house. There are about three things like Ajiro's tomatoes on the ship, and there is a mirror stand and household tools in the middle. Mostly mother and daughter, but some of them lived only two daughters.
Some of the daughters of the mother-in-law ship are pretty beautiful, and they wear permanents, but unlike Japan, they do it well in a Chinese style, and Chinese clothes and hair are in good harmony. Was kept. The daughters are lightly applying make-up. Also, they are very fine and beautiful. The texture is very beautiful, probably because of the custom of eating everything with oil. Jiaxing's Yanyu Building is an island in the lake, so it was a scenic spot.

His Excellency Wang Jingwei

Returning to Shanghai, I left for Nanjing by express train at 8:00 am on the 13th, but arrived at around 3:00 pm that day. I entered the castle in Nanjing and settled down at the capital hotel. After that, I was supposed to change my kimono and go to His Excellency Wang Jingwei. I promised to be 4 pm, so I went out immediately.
The drawing room of His Excellency Wang Jingwei was a very large room, and many chrysanthemums were in bloom. It was really wonderful to see the large potted chrysanthemums blooming in yellow and white. A crane was erected on a six-fold folding screen in Isago, which was written by a Japanese painter.
It was said that His Excellency Wang Jingwei was familiar with Japanese, but it was also spoken in Chinese and the interpreter spoke it to me in Japanese.
"What kind of painting style can you do, Sansui, or a person?"
I said that I would do genre painting. I was very surprised because a person from Central China Railway said that 67 years old was almost 70 years old.
"At that age, I decided to come to this distant place often."
I was impressed by saying that.
I didn't understand Chinese, but the atmosphere was extremely mellow, and I received a very relaxing story.
The photo group of that newspaper company was there. People on the Central China Railway were also supposed to take commemorative photos. At that time, His Excellency Wang Jingwei was saying in Chinese that the rays of light were bad in the room, and he went out into the garden, closed the door himself, and led everyone to a bright place with good sunlight. Was done. Yellow chrysanthemums and white chrysanthemums were in full bloom there as well, and they had a really nice scent.
Even from the beginning of the story, I remember being struck by the fact that His Excellency Wang Jingwei has a very deep hobby for painting.

Koukamon

The next day, there was a museum in this area, so I went to see it immediately. At the museum, I was looking forward to seeing a lot of good works of old people, but when I went inside, there was nothing like this, unlike the idea. There wasn't.
There were many small letters written on a large board of boulders, Qianlong ink and vermilion, and other scrolls of books, but in terms of painting, one of the things that should be seen even though it is such a painting country. I felt lonely that I didn't have it.
Other than that, there were heavy stone Buddhas that could not be moved, and stuffed animals. I saw stuffed tigers, leopards and birds.
Unlike Japanese museums, you can't see it all the time, you have to apply for it in advance. When we go out, we unlock each room one by one. It was like they could see it.
In Japan, the national polity of Japan is such a national polity. Since it is a national polity that is unmatched in all countries, even if you think about only ancient masterpieces, many things have remained without being scattered or destroyed from ancient times.
When you go to a famous Japanese house or temple, not only the ancient Japanese masterpieces but also the masterpieces of China are carefully preserved. Foreign cultures have been carefully preserved. How grateful this is! As a Japanese citizen, I feel great pride and joy. However, such things have disappeared in China. China has scattered precious paintings of its own country because of such a continuous revolution, but there is much to spare for his country.
Then I walked through the upcoming battlefield. I visited Koukamon. At the time of this war, there was an officer who was directly involved in the war, and he explained in detail the struggle of the Imperial Army at that time. He climbed up to the top of the castle gate and told me that there was an enemy around there and that such an offensive and defensive battle had been developed, and that he really picked it up. It is said that the place where we are now is full of dead Chinese soldiers, and there are small tall clay heads here and there under the castle gate.
It was said that when Shoko went, there were still bones left in places, and the autumn grass was blooming there when exposed to rain, and he said that he had an indescribable mysterious feeling. When I went, there was nothing left of such loneliness, anything that hurt my eyes. There was a tombstone of the imperial army who had been killed in that area, and flowers were offered.
The story of the officer was so close that I couldn't help but tears from all the listeners.

Relaxing scenery

I saw the Nakayama Mausoleum, the Ming dynasty, and the stone beast, and the autumn leaves were pretty beautiful.
The city of Nanjing was a pretty good town. Mr. Hata, it seems that this was a really beautiful place such as a summer night because the poet wrote poetry and there were paintings, but now the water is not coming and the paintings are laid down here and there. Was there. There are many beggars on the bridge. Around that area, a food store is expanding with a blue ceiling, and Chinese people gather at the pot to eat stir-fried food. In addition, there are some that are sewn in the open air in such a narrow road. The townspeople's meals are also served on the table. There is an elementary school at the end, and the class leader's child is blaming others for coming in with a stick. Soon the students will begin to return. The clothes of the students are different, but they are not unsightly. When I see a child returning from school taking out about a penny and drinking candy hot water, I feel strange about the stomach of Chinese people. Hygiene seems to be completely meaningless to Chinese people.
The horizontal lines of Japanese towns are quite wide, even though they are alleys, and they are not as narrow as here. The town of China is the town of Odori, and the town of Odori is not very accessible to people when there is a car. Yokomachi is extremely small wherever you go. The houses on both sides are tiny, with wall-like objects in them, and only the entrance is open in some places. Looking inside, all of them are dark houses. With this, I wouldn't be able to live in the house. It can be said that the inside of the house is just for sleeping and eating. There is no room like a Japanese house where the sun is sunny, so it seems that the residents take the trouble to bring food to the table.
I wonder if China is rich in stones, the city is full of stones wherever I go. When you get on a rickshaw, it runs on the stones, so it's difficult to shake. Besides, the Kaji stick is extremely long. When I got on this car, I turned up and jumped up on the car, and it was like being shaken by a big wave.
After passing the trashy street, there was a little millionaire's house, and when you entered, there was a Taihu stone in the garden, and trees were made. When you leave it, there is a toilet with a blue ceiling. Haircuts are also done outdoors. When I start sketching it, high-sighted children and adults come along. Everywhere is the same rubbernecking landscape. The haircut shop also comes to see the sketch without leaving the customer. The customer is still not complaining, and is waiting for the haircut shop to come back and start again.
What a strange odor it would be if a lot of people came in ...
A woman is in charge of the store and is eating rice. There is yellow rice in the big rice, and it is eaten here and there without side dishes. It seems that there are many people who can't eat such foods anyway.
When I went shopping at Ogiya, about two beggars came in. There are quite a lot of beggars.
When you go to Xuanwu Lake, there are many willows here. There is a painting, and it is said that lotus blooms in summer and it is a beauty. Willows hang down on the bank, and cows are free-ranged around it. Cows are also extremely hawkish and docile. The cows are walking calmly and leisurely without having to butt each other. It was a peaceful scene with only one girl.
Sometimes donkeys pass by, and pigs line up and come in a lot. I could see a rare scenery that I couldn't see in Kyoto.

Yangzhou cuisine

On the way back from Nanjing, I went to Zhenjiang, where I went to a restaurant called Kagetsu.
There were tatami mats in this house, and there was something reminiscent of the inland, such as the sound of the shamisen flowing from the tatami mat over there.
The soldier who contacted the army was also with me, but I thought it would be nice to have a drink with everyone at a restaurant like this, and he seemed to have a lot of fun.
Eventually, the soldier guided me to Yangzhou on a boat and arrived at an inn called Yanagiya.
The stationmaster was worried about various things here. I wanted to make a picture of a woman who seems to be Chinese with a wage [# "emphasis mark"] that has not been modernized. Apparently, all modern Chinese women have become Western-style, and their young daughters are wearing permanents. Instead, I definitely want to draw a pure Chinese woman. When I think of a pure Chinese person, I just happen to see a middle-aged woman, so I searched for such a model. However, Yangzhou has been famous as a production center for beautiful women since ancient times, and it is said that Yang Guifei of Tang was also from here. I heard that if you go to Yangzhou, there will surely be such a woman. However, the stationmaster came with me in search of a good-looking Chinese lady working at the governor here. It was a middle-aged lady who tied the Chinese-style wrinkles I was looking for. Fortunately, he came to the inn, so I was able to make a sideways or 73-sided sketch.
The governor invited me that night. After the sun went down, I went out on my rickshaw. This is Yangzhou cuisine. Yangzhou cuisine is a little light and unusually different from ordinary greasy Chinese cuisine.
However, originally I was a small meal, and I was able to deal with shark fin, some kind of brain miso, and various other things, but I couldn't help it. I just ate it.

Scenery with cranes

I was able to meet my beautiful daughter at the banquet in Nanjing. The makeup was dark at night, but Hiru was very light.
The day after I stayed overnight in Yangzhou, I went up the canal on a covered boat.
The boatman of my daughter and mother, the weather was really nice that day, the quiet mountain water, the bridge over there, and there were five roofs on the bridge, which was called Gotei Bridge, but it was a really beautiful bridge. .. When I stopped the boat at the bridge and went up to the bridge and looked down, it was hoped that five or six houses would be scattered, and there were children and buffaloes, and sheep were free-range. It's a really quiet view. Since it was autumn, there were no flowers, but it was thought that this would be another place such as Sashizume Wuling Togen when the peaches were in bloom.
Then proceed with the ship. There were bushes and gentle mountains, and I thought the mountains were like Horaiyama. There is a hall there, the larger one is called Hirayama-do, and the smaller one is called Kannon-do.
The scenery around that area was also very good, and when I thought that there was a swamp and a big bird came, it was a red-crowned crane. Looking at it, I felt as if an old man with gray hair would come to the child with a koto, as if he were playing in the Senboku. I found a lot of good subjects that would be coveted if there was a person specializing in landscapes.

Suzhou emotions

Then I went to Suzhou. From the train window, I was watching the laid-back scenery of a flock of birds and magpies flying. There were places where children were walking idly on buffaloes and sheep were playing around. I was happy to see the elegance of the peasant family and the fact that the house was about to collapse. When there is a stream, a country girl in China is washing vegetables. The clay heads of the tombs were scattered in every field.
But I think again ... What a big country China is, not just the vastness of the land.
The train was big, the inside was spacious, and the ride was good.
Suzhou's Kanzan-ji Temple is not a good temple, but there is a famous Kaede Bridge over this temple, and if you look down from the bridge, you can see the night night of Kaede Bridge, Kanzan-ji Temple. I wondered if the poem "Ochizuki Narukara Frost Manten ..." was born in Suzhou, but the scenery around here is nice.
I saw a lion grove in Suzhou, but it was a very large garden with a lot of Taihu stones.
Taihu stone was seen in the picture, but the real thing was very different from the picture. First, Taihu stones are wonderfully large. Besides, the real thing is ocher unlike the picture.
The center of the lion forest is a pond. There is a gate on the back side, there is Taihu stone, there is bamboo grass, there is Basho, the moss is also rusty and white-green here, and what is generated in the shade of the sun is ultramarine blue. The ultramarine and patina drawn by Qiu Ying, and the Taihu stone, which produced beautiful spotted moss, were found to be a great beautification of this by looking at the real thing. Many of the actual Taihu stones were much larger than the pretty ones beside the flowers and birds in the Nanga. There is a big hole that people can pass through. There is also one. It seems that the big one is inherited in the middle, and I saw such evidence.
I was also shown the room of a millionaire lady here. It was beautiful with a vermilion ladder and a balustrade. The floor on the second floor is made of wood, but the room downstairs is made of stone, and I thought it would be cold in winter if there was no fire. When you enter the gate, you will find the next gate. After passing through several gates, I finally reach my husband's living room. I feel that just looking at this shows how deeply the millionaires in China are wary of foreign enemies. A long history of long-standing anxiety from a long time ago may have naturally provided them with such vigilance.
Chinese people never get drunk even if they drink alcohol. This is because there is no point in being killed by drinking alcohol. I knew that there was such a place on another side of the sullen Chinese.

Chinese shoes

Returning from Suzhou to Shanghai, I tried to sketch street scenery, food shops, haircut shops, etc.
I was wondering how the clothes worn by Chinese people were made, so I decided to buy one Chinese clothes. Two of my favorite clothes were lined up in the sales floor of a specialty store that sells Chinese clothes and Chinese woven fabrics, but I found the one with the best pattern. Some Japanese bought a beautiful cloth with a tint block, wondering if it would be worn on an obi. I don't need a lot, but I had a very nice patterned fabric, so I asked him to cut it five or six inches and sell it, but the Chinese at the sales floor said that it would be a problem to cut it, and he wouldn't sell it. Then, the Japanese lady who was just on the other side of the sales floor suddenly told me, Sensei, please tell me which obi suits this kimono, and two obis that suit the kimono. Bring it and spread it before me. Since we were mentioned in the Shanghai newspaper, we probably knew what I was doing in this comb. So I said what I liked. The Japanese lady was very happy to buy it, but at that time she said in Chinese that she should cut it to a Chinese clerk, so I finally wanted it. I was able to cut the cloth and sell it.
"Other people Kiran, today's special kill"
The Chinese at the sales floor was complaining about that.
I tried to get on the bus with the second floor recommended by people. When I try to get off the bus, many Chinese people are pushing against the exit, and it seems unlikely that I, an elderly person, will be able to get off. When I was confused, Menmencho said, the conductor stopped the rider and dropped me off.
There were also very beautiful Chinese shoes. The dragons and flower patterns are beautifully embroidered and it is quite artistic. I bought it too. I didn't buy anything like Chinese shoes and try to wear them, but I bought them because of their beauty.

Train ferry

The Nagasaki Maru on the outbound route was a quiet cruise, but the Kobe Maru on the way back began to shake a little as soon as it left Shanghai. People fell asleep so quickly that I followed suit and finally I was able to return without getting drunk on the ship.
For me, who had no experience of traveling for a long time, one month was a big one, but it is strange that I can only think of it in a short time. It must be said that it was an unexpected fortune to leave a mark on land other than Japan this year.

However, when I think that I am heading to Japan now, it seems that there is still a lot of fun. The sound of the engine constantly conveys something like nostalgia to my body.

"I can see the land."
I heard the voice that I really missed. The appearance of my homeland Japan, which began to appear in the strong headwind, was completely nostalgic.
That habit, I had only seen Chinese people until yesterday when I got home, but I couldn't help but feel strange because all the four sides << around >> were Japanese.

Everyone was laughing saying, "It's probably a Chinese blur." Or maybe so ...



Bottom book: "Blue Eyebrow Extract / Blue Eyebrow Extract Collection" Kodansha
First edition issued on November 10, 1976 (Showa 51)
May 31, 1977 (Showa 52) 2nd printing
Input: Takashi Kawayama
Proofreading: Atsushi Suzuki
Created May 10, 2008
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
