Gentle kind heart
Kunio Kishida

Now is the time for all Japanese people to have a common impression, a common sense of well-being, and a common pride. We write new and great history day by day with our hands.
The eyes of the world are pouring over us. What does Japan do? This interest is completely different in nature between the enemy and the ally, but in terms of the size of the psychological ripples that were half astonishing, it would be unparalleled.
By the way, where is the power of Japan that has given the impact of the calyx to the entire surface of the earth? You have to think about it.
Of course, the dignity of the national polity and the excellence of the people are there, but it is not always the case that all of us people believe in this power by themselves in every position. This is because this power seems to be a power that suddenly appears at times, and there are some cases in which it is not possible to have a power of humor at some point in Hirao.
I would like to say that, through all the societies of modern Japan, I believe that only one army can fully equip this "Japanese power" and exert it effectively. Because there are pure and rigorous rules that constantly train the spirit and skills necessary to carry out their duties.
There is no light if you hold the ball.
No matter how good the history is, even people with excellent qualities can get used to peace, devour peace, and neglect to train their minds and minds. , The power of self-reliance and self-defense is lost, the culture is abolished, and it becomes a aging people. The Japanese people have steadily solidified the foundations of the nation through several trials, but since the beginning of the Taisho era after the construction period of the Meiji era, it is said that they are at ease with a kind of Kosei. An unpleasant trend has raised our heads to a corner of society.
The frivolous imitation of Western civilization was endless.
At least on the surface, the true appearance of the Japanese was trying to disappear with the modernization of life. During this time, I silently assigned the heavy responsibility of national defense, trained soldiers, prepared weapons, and prepared for a victory in modern warfare. I have to say that I am hot. However, we are still Japanese.
Until yesterday, all of our brothers, husbands, fathers, parents, and sons, who bravely stood out as "Taikun's shield," went out with us, went out to the abacus, and flipped the abacus. I went to the office.
Isn't it possible for us to change their mindset on the battlefield into their daily mindset? I am not necessarily here to discuss the issue of life and death.
Our daily service is to live well. In order to live well, you must first be fully trained, no matter what. On the job, it's about getting bloody training. Where are you doing such training now?
Next, we have to redo the discipline of the family in our daily lives. This discipline should not impose the old style on the people, but should serve as the basis for creating a cheerful and cheerful custom that is full of healthy feelings of life in the new era. Discipline is, in other words, home training in every sense. It is not just a matter of teaching etiquette, but a habit of enduring suffering and deficiency, informing the joy of always being in order, and cultivating the ability to feel true grace and a truly beautiful heart. However, it is to acquire all knowledge not as knowledge but as human wisdom. And even more important today is to instill an unmistakable self-esteem for the name of the house and the work of the house.
The above things cannot be fully effective by disciplining only at home. It goes without saying that schools and society should cooperate with this, but in my opinion, first of all, in each family, be aware of the heavy responsibility of raising the next generation of people. I think that I want to take a step in this direction.
If this wind occurs at home, school education will be very easy. Society will change accordingly. Since the declaration of war was issued, I feel that the people's unwavering determination and full aspirations can be read in each person's facial expressions.
In order for the Japanese, who, as the leaders of the Great East Asia, to show this miraculous force to the inside and outside, to gain the trust and awe of the underdeveloped peoples in all other respects, we First of all, the question of what to do has already been submitted.
In the field of economy and industry, the skill of each expert will not be shaken.
As a cultural work, it is necessary to first inform the true image of Japan. Besides the written promotion, the stage where the movie is active is quite wide, but is this ready? I think it's a little lonely. Starting with the spread of Japanese, we have to embark on school management and guidance. There is also an urgent need to ensure that medical facilities are in place. Can you reach the place immediately? Are there any preparations for religious people? To what extent has academic research on the Southern peoples progressed? When we think about it in a cute way, we have a lot of verses that make us wonder what we have done so far.
In particular, what seems to be the most vulnerable in the future is that no matter how inhumane the U.S. and British interethnic laws are, they have a political peculiarity to whites. By having a plot and showing off the material civilization, he was able to easily occupy a superior position. Nowadays, the habit of considering whites as the most prestigious race must be deeply rooted in the East Asian peoples. We Japanese must first overcome this delusion, but in order to do so, we will replace the material civilization of the example, and even more so, to the East Asian peoples. It is imperative that we bring about something that is so fascinating and indescribable.
I believe that there is nothing but "Japanese kindness". It should never be a fake to show to others. It is the dignity and warmth that is shown in our daily lives, the words and actions of each person for a while.
The Senjinkun of the Showa era is also said to be "genuine and heroic" to remind the generals.
Bushido in Japan would not be possible without adding "floor" to the armed forces themselves. Moreover, following the construction of peace after the armed forces, we would like to show the shallowness that takes advantage of our weaknesses and the imposing brotherhood that eliminates the kindness and kindness of the people. This is no longer enough to make do with "mindfulness" or "self-restraint self-discipline".
From a young age, he was trained by himself and by others, and the spirit and the natural nature of his life were cultivated. The true excellence of the Japanese people must first be proud of the world in the form of a cute sword.
The reason why I say that I am happy now is that now is the time when we all have the courage and confidence to do things that are difficult to do constantly.
Although it is said to be prepared for death, it is not always the moment when the life is lost in front of a foreign enemy. If the enemy who endangers the country lives in our unconscious mind, I believe that it is the way of loyalty to die from this. In order to return Japan to what it must be, each other will first whip itself.
Older people may find it very difficult to change their habits, or even efforts may not be effective. I'm a little older, but I'm not saying that it's a demand for people over the same age. I believe that I am not the only one who dares to rehash myself for the sake of the next coming, as we are elderly people.
First of all, I would like to talk to youths about what to do on your own, but if nothing happens and it is done by all of you, from that day onwards. Japan is just an example of how we are one step closer to what we want.
Youths must get up on the train or bus unless they are sick. If there are no seats available and no one can sit down, it is said that it is not as strong as that, but getting up is a training, and the young man gets up dignifiedly in the vehicle. I would definitely recommend this, even in the sense that it is the most youthful. I would like young girls to consider this as much as possible.
In the beginning, it is extremely unsightly for parents with children to rush to sit down. Waking up a child is not so worrisome. On the contrary, for children over the age of 78, it is better to wake them up like adolescents.
Even in such a case, the fact that young people voluntarily start doing this does not end with that effect. It is truly a silent representation of the fierce spirit of the Japanese people, who are pursuing a far-reaching ideal, and tells us that the passion of a new era for the construction of a defense nation has just reached its ignition point. It is to inform you.

With the fall of Hong Kong, the fall of Manila, and the fall of Singapore, we are thrilled by the results of the land and sea wars, but we cannot just raise our noses to each other. I'm thinking. I believe that the history of Koichi and the Moon has made a leap of about fifty years from the perspective of Japan's development, but this rapid development has resulted in the conspicuous parts that are not accompanied by this. I can't help thinking.
Everyone was on the move until everyone caught up with the lead. Watch your step and let your speed go as hard as you can. (Manuscript broadcast on January 7)



Bottom book: "Kunishi Kishida Complete Works 25" Iwanami Shoten
Issued on August 8, 1991 (Heisei 3)
Parent of the original: "Literature World Vol. 9, No. 3"
March 1, 1942 (Showa 17)
First appearance: "Broadcasting Volume 2, Issue 2"
February 1, 1942 (Showa 17)
Input: tatsuki
Proofreading: Hiroshi Kadota
Created March 1, 2010
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
