Yushima pilgrimage
Izumi Kyoka
-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]
"":ruby
(Example) Treat << Feast >>
｜: Symbol that identifies the beginning of a character string with ruby
(Example) Shinozuka ｜ A certain << what >>
[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Numbers are JIS X 0213 area area number or Unicode, base page and number of lines)
(Example) * [# "Eye + 爭", 3rd level 1-88-85]
/ \: Double dance character (repeated symbol in the shape of a vertically lengthened "ku")
(Example) Do it well / \
-------------------------------------------------- -----
[# Left and right center of page]
[# Indent 3 characters from here]
Tea party, three-car two-minute god, Ki no Kuniya
Stage child, Temari friend, hot spring return, illusion that can be drawn
Morning visit, outrageous, mad dog Genbei
Half-billed Ensuke, Inuhariko, Chest, Warbler
Shiraki box Ash Kagura star
[# End of indentation here]
[# Breaking]
[# 5 indentation] Tea party [# "Tea party" is a big headline]
[# 7 indentation] 1 [# "1" is the middle heading]
"It's a tea treat, you're in the dormitory, so there's nothing, let's add sugar as needed. Come on, Kozuki."
When each of the three teas was brewed into a glass cup, Tokiichiro Yanagisawa wore a clean, tall, tight uniform. Even though the rattan chair was big, I dropped it casually.
Ditch 《He》 hangs a beautiful piece of arm bag 《Kaus》 on the edge of the chair and hangs it calmly.
"Shinozuka, give that sugar to your customers."
"Hey," he answered with peace of mind, "Osho Atama," a philosopher named Jinte, Shinozuka, who wore a suit and a gentle body. Surrounding a monopod, Table, he hung on the same chair as Yanagisawa, but he twisted his body and reached out behind him. I took a bottle of sugar cubes from the top of the bookcase that contained the miscellaneous books and placed it in front of the boy who was between the two.
This is a guest called Kazuki, who gently bows, "I'll take it." Azusa, a bachelor of arts in the same class, is a well-established person.
Azusa took a small cup of the light red "light red" transparent glass cup "cup" of the tea brewed by Yanagisawa and pulled it forward, but now he is a philosopher and shoulder. I took off the hakama of Kokura and the haori of Tsumugi in a hand-woven cotton pad, and put the string on the back of the chair for a long time. I turned around and hung up, put one hand in my hakama, and saw a thin beard reading quietly.
"What are you reading?"
Although he responded, "I," Yanagisawa casually took over the detours without knowing who he would reply to because he suddenly raised his face.
"Wakasa is reading history, a teacher specializing in national history, and he has been studying for a while."
When Kazuki nodded, saying, "I'm studying," Kazuhisa looked sideways at the book he was reading, with a grin. Yanagisawa blows out,
"Is there a guy who gives a serious greeting? History is history, but it's tough. It's okay because it's written by Mr. Anonymous, Takeyu Iwami."
"I'm doing terrible research," the philosopher says. This seems to have been heard. While reading Wakasa, he made it "Kanji".
"It doesn't have to be any material again," Azusa picked up the glass cup.
Yanagisawa leaned against the table child "Table" on the slanted "lick", and pierced the sugar cube mixed with black tea with the handle of the sword "knife" while poking.
"That's right, what exactly is that material, like Shinozuka discovering Tetsuri in Joruri of Komasa."
"Say an idiot."
Azusa is from the side
"But you too, the woman of Toriya," Musume, "sometimes takes on a poetic tone, and that's what happens."
The unscrupulous people laughed together.
"Nigiya, Yanagisawa," said a voice from the garden student under the window.
[# 7 indentation] Two [# "two" is the middle heading]
Yanagisawa, who is the closest to the window, turned around with his chest violently turned, but when he looked down at Glass Koshi, he looked down.
"Tatsuta?"
"Who is coming?"
"It's a new Chinese tribe in Negishi, put it in."
At the same time, Hiyoito [# "Hiyoito" is a mama] had his hand hanging on the edge of the window, jumped, and before that, he was accustomed to gymnastics, or he was light. It was Tatsuda, whose name was Wakayoshi, who shook his shoulders and first appeared in the room with his elegant face.
Looking at Azusa, including lol 《Emi》
"Please be patient, Kazuki is no longer a Viscount," he said, but he still has his arms folded and attached to the outer wall. Yanagisawa shifted the chair and
"Well, it's just okay. I'm about to start talking about the Kazuki problem. It's a break. It's a terrible break for Kazuki. I was waiting for you to come, I would say if Tatsuda was there. "
Tatsuta, who had never heard of it and came to life with all his might, jumped in with a dash, and stood in opposition to the inside between the two, and handed to Takuko Table. However, the end of the unraveling yarn scarf was repelled behind the back,
"Yes, and did you suffer from the usual writing method, Mr. Kazuki?"
Friendlyly
"Well, you've been waiting for me, it's okay, I'm worried. I think I'm a student and studying law, all to defend my best friend Kazuki. How is it? "
Azusa bowed his head to play, saying, "Please, thank you."
Tatsuda squeezed the haori chest strap of Satsuma Hishiro 《Satsumagasuri》,
"Come on."
The philosopher said, "Don't start again," the philosopher supported the chin with both hands, turned his gentle face on his back, and shave with his beard on Wakayoshi. Stroking the scars of the vertical beard and the chin.
"Most of the time, the problem is that Kazuki left the Viscount family, broke up with his wife, siegeed at the temple of Yanaka, and the mistress's place. Will attack you to go to. "
"Of course," it was easy, and Yanagisawa reopened to Omata, throwing a knife into the elephant.
"At first, Kazuki was unfortunately offended by his wife on the first day of marriage, the day of the ceremony."
Tatsuda's voice is clear when he responds by rushing in, saying "Goodbye."
"I don't know you, I heard. That's right, but when I think about it, I think it's a lid and Kazuki isn't."
"What's happening? When I got on the train from Ueno to go on my honeymoon, Akabane's voice wasn't heard yet, and there was a glow in the woods of Yamashita. Kazuki-Oh, the human soul "Hitodama" flies-and I wasn't sure about it. Tananaka was close and this was an emotion. Then, that honeymoon. "
The philosopher plays, "Tatsuda | Tashina, in front of my husband, Danna-sama."
Look back,
"Disrespect."
"Quite," was the so-called husband Azusa. Tatsuda is well,
"How are you cheeky? -No, the stars have flowed, it's a meteorite," and that's all.
[# 7 indentation] Three [# "three" is the middle heading]
"When I heard that Kazuki was a human soul, he had no charm, a nose, a strong eye, and a spirit of the Genji story. The Viscountess of Tamatsukasa | Ryuko, in other words, the god of the moon. I wondered if I was wearing "Emi" and looked down on the literary scholar.
"Yes, my son-in-law would have suffered from a tantrum. He would have suffered from a tantrum, but he would become his wife again, and not always at that time, but all see the nature of the god moon and the deeds. It is impossible to detect the disappointment of his wife at that time. The nature of his wife, who values ​​the most material honor, is also extreme, but for that reason, she is by far the best of her son-in-law, and she is a teacher. Like my sister, I thought of the honor of being respected, and I went to France from the age of seven years old, Nanatsu, and grew up at the school of the other side. It is. "
"Wait, wait, wait a moment," said Tatsuda, holding down Takuko "Table" with his palm "Palm" and blocking the word "Words".
"Well, wait, if the other party, Saki, grew up in the west of Buddha from the age of seven, then the ones in the foreground are from the age of six, Sukiya, to Nakanomachi. I grew up in Sukiya-cho, but now I'm in Sukiya-cho. "
Azusa had a shameful color, saying "Tatsuda."
"Yes, you, let me tell you, everyone knows. How is it, all the scholarship he learned in France and gained in Japan, and his Viscount? It's a fortune, a house, a garden, and a dozen slaves. Even if it's just a word, it's not a loosening, and even if it's every move, it's 27 years old. Until today, the honor that Asahi could have gained ascending was dedicated to the Japanese gods, and if it was a gratitude to be his wife, then all of them. There is something worth it. "
The philosopher puts the word "word" in between
"Look, because Tatsuda brings out the flute and drum, hahahahaha."
"What are you disrespectful of?"
"Yeah, isn't it bad to bring it out? Then, when I was reading the bible while eating the noodles" bread "at the shamisen" parii ", I was swaying on a snowy morning. I was forced to practice the flute by sticking it out to the outside, and the owner, Kaenushi, said that it was because the breathing that I breathed became stronger. It's like every morning that I don't let you eat breakfast, I'm tolerant of it, I'm learning the whistle in a cold place, and I can't breathe, so I'm fainting every morning. 》 Return to life, then get two pieces of rice-like needles and eat them, and when you return, do a shamisen warming lesson and send it to the lower part of the training. Immediately, I was beaten by the dance master. I was struck by an older guy as I walked around the tatami room at night, just like the endless flaws of Namakizu. , I was struck by the cheek plate "Hoppeta" when I fell down on my back, for what reason, I was born into the same fellow "Dobo", and one of them was a skeleton. He is respected by the guy who got on the carriage with a "beard", while he works with the whistle and the dance, even to the guests and even the bones of the horse. It's a shamisen, a god moon, and I should abandon him and save him. I don't know, especially my parents, brothers, and uncles and aunts. What do you do with the poor orphan, Minashigo, who has only limbs, face, Ayara brocade, shamisen, cold sake, and dance? It's the intention of a boy, "said the young man.
Yanagisawa was cold,
"No, I don't think the Tobi person has that kind of intention."
[# 7 indentation] 4 [# "4" is the middle heading]
From this time on, there was a rattling sound like cutting Arataki into pieces and dropping it. This sound roared farther than the back of the school building, and never went under the floor to the open air.
The bachelor of arts, who was listening to Yanagisawa and Tatsuda's discussions, was thick, as if he was almost stunned when he saw something that seemed to be unclear while pretending to be a smile on purpose. It looks like I felt this
"What's the sound right now?"
Yanagisawa, looking at the stranger, Mitsu, and looking at Azusa's face, which is uncomfortable,
"Did you forget, Kazuki."
"what."
"The sound of the moment. Isn't it steam that warms the room?"
At that time, the iron gutter hanging from the second floor of the high dormitory made of bricks rang, and a group of steam swirled in the deep groove. Was >>. The glass window "Garasumado" is stunned, and you can feel the coldness of the evening twilight in the room.
Yanagisawa holds one hand and puts it on the table 《Table》 for a long time.
"That's why you forgot when you were in the dormitory. Every time you were already in need of school funds and had to take a leave of absence, you were always in France. There may have been a remittance that was accompanied by a letter of "France" and a letter of "Yukitodo". Kazuki, all of you are talented and talented men. Everyone admitted, but the one who helped the work by loading gold coins in the event of an emergency would have to take measures against his current wife under the heavens.
If so, I must say that he is a benefactor and the only acquaintance. Isn't your deed wrong, not for the sake of his wife's honor, for his happiness, for his viscount, but for his acquaintance? "
Azusa listened and didn't say anything, he wasn't involved in the depression, and Tatsuda dressed up as Rin.
"Yanagisawa, do you want to mess with Azusa when I'm not there? Stop it. Yes, wait, well, what I mean now is what you say. It's Gotokunba. I have to say that the Kakaa-den bought the god moon with a French letter and a little money, and I want to get rid of it. It's a lot of money to send. Kaneko is a thousand or 2,000. It's not so difficult to return it with a profit, and it is bought up by the son-in-law at such a price. It's not my Azusa-kun. Anyway, I hoarded the Tamashi family in response to the words, that is, because I felt the treatment you said.
However, what is the reason why the human soul and the meteor have already hurt the emotions of Kazuki from the beginning?
All the textbooks of the girls' school seemed to be masquerading as a lady, and when I first heard the story, I got a headache. It's not a translation of "tama".
The bonito has a punch line, and the flatfish is limited to the porch. What is it, is there the most nourishment? You say. I can't stand it because it's hygienic. It's education, it's sleep time, it's another minute, it's a gun, it's lunch. It's rice. Even if the host pulls a cold flu, a woman who is just as infectious as a doctor, a lady, a scholar, a beautiful woman, is getting older. Because I'm a wife. "
[# 7 indentation] 5 [# "5" is the middle heading]
"Think about it, it's an honor, it's a character, it's an upstream lady's turtle book, and it has a good name for its body, but nothing can be seen. Isn't it a boy?
Please see, so for the time being when I got married to Kazuki, when a newspaper that knew the relationship from the beginning reported, in that article, Mrs. Kazuki had been in love with Kazuki for some time. Even though the meaning was written, it seemed that he was terrified and indignant, and he was overrun by his honor, and he couldn't even appear in the world. That said, it was scattered as if Kazuki had written it in the company. Isn't there another goddamn boy who can be confused by the fact that he loves his husband? Tatsuda sharpened his voice, and struck a red "Kurenai" on the white surface.
When I heard this, I fell in love with it
The philosopher also happily cheered, "Do it well / \."
"Not only that, it can be said that Sukiya-cho and Kazuki-kun are gods' inquiries ...
First of all, it may have been the basis for clashing with his wife, but Kazuki is congenital, rather homely, yes, he is a homely devotee, and he visited Tenjin in Yushima from the time he was in the dormitory. For example, I did not miss "Maigetsu" every month even after I went to the Viscount family. Last summer, I came to Yushima even though it was early in the morning, and I'm thinking of ringing the crocodile mouth, so when I try to cleanse with Mitarashi, the child in charge gives me water. I said. When I searched for my pocket, Kazuki forgot my pocket, and even if I deliver it later, I don't understand because it's a child. I'm a shy lord, so I messed up my face. The beauty of "I'm home" is the one who came there and pulled the water, and that became the connection. It's a butterfly. "
Yanagisawa smiled bitterly, saying, "I've solved it."
Kamizuki is extremely bad,
"Isn't it okay, everyone" everyone "I'm bad, well, Yanagisawa, Tatsuda."
"No, it's not bad. I'm in great agreement, with the fact that women contribute to boys with their own honor, property, and art, so they hit the abacus. There is nothing cheeky enough to deduct it, so I have to say that it is undeliverable when it comes to benefiting from it.
However, for butterflies, everything that has been done so far is pretty. It's hard to say this flatly. Most of the hardships made him a lord in the world, but he endured it with patience. As a reward for his history, he simply couldn't be easily abandoned by Kazuki. I hope that there is nothing else to do. On top of that, unique devotion, when it comes to shaping for the god moon, all boys should give a name and body for this, an honor that does not go down, a fortune, a virtue, but a hairline Do you pay? "
"But since Tatsuda, Adam and Eve were there, there are more than just two men and women in the world.
"Of course, I'm here too."
"Then I'm"
"I'm also here," said the philosopher, leaning forward and turning his face.
"It doesn't matter if you are there. If there are only people like you, I don't have to worry about how many people there are," Azusa said. As a result, I'm going to look down.
[# 7 indentation] 6 [# "6" is the middle heading]
"That's why Kazuki, if you control your emotions and break up with the beauty, it's okay," Yanagisawa carefully advised.
"Why don't you just leave the Viscount family and stay in the temple? I said that I had abandoned the title and your proud arrogance, so everything I think there's too much to atone for my sins. Don't worry if you're in debt. If you're having trouble with your arrogance, fly from one end to the other. General If you can't get into Japan because of this trend, we'll travel abroad together. If you still have to, you'll have to climb to heaven. You can make two beautiful stars. Astronomicalist Even if you don't understand it, you can clearly find that the ones that understand the feelings are purple, green, or brilliantly standing in the stars as "Sanzen". " With his youthful, beautiful face on his back, his arms folded, the brown peerage of yarn melted at the ends.
Hit the back,
"Edo kid" Ko "! It's still a carefree thing, the person's Kazuki knows a better translation than you. So you should be worried." However, Yanagisawa was old and old, and he untied the knot of the electric lamp fire shop "Hoya" that was hung from both sides on the table "Table". When you scrape off the book "Shojaku" with one hand, take the water finger "Mizusashi" and put it on the table with your shoes on the table with your tall body. It stood out like a bronze statue. The ceiling is much higher than that, but the room is small, with five people in it, with the table in the middle, the bookcase in the four walls, and the entrance to the door. The clogs box is a sword, and the kimono is taken off, the clothes are hung on it, and the cloak is underneath. The bachelor chose the path of Zhuozi because he couldn't get out unless he passed through, so he couldn't understand his heart because he had a very flexible work. Surprised, he surrounded all sides and looked up high. Therefore, the bachelor's degree in national history had to part with Shigetaro Iwami for a while.
Yanagisawa was standing still
"Hey, isn't it a little retired?"
"What do you do?" Said the philosopher with a frightened face and frowned as difficult as when studying a problem.
Without any matter,
"Let's change the tea, I'm going to get hot water."
The philosopher also stood up, saying, "Let's move over here, let me go."
Yanagisawa fluttered down and recovered lightly, with the sound of his shoes.
The ball of the lamp crawls on the table, and it turns into a red light as if it was irrigated with vermilion, and then disappears, but it is white. When I think that it has become bright, it emits a blue light!
"Looking up at the stars, right?" Said Wakakichi Tatsuda, sitting down, putting his head under the table, raising his face, and making clear eyes * [# "eyes + 爭" , Level 3 1-88-85] "Miha"
"This is the way."
Azusa was reluctant to be illuminated by her face, and she left her chair and retreated to the back. Yanagisawa straightened his long legs, put his knees on his knees, and at the same time he slept on his back, stretched his elbows, and held his nape with both hands. I turned on the electric light of the matter.
At that time, the bachelor's degree in national history took a thread from Shizuka, connected it innocently, and caught a light in the air. I put my hand down and tried to hold the red book with one hand, but I just sat down and started reading again, Shigetaro Iwami.
[# 5 indentation] Three-car two-minute [# "Three-car two-minute" is a big heading]
[# 7 indentation] Seven [# "seven" is the middle heading]
"It's ok, it's ok, it's ok, it's Anbai."
Looking up at the sky, I stopped at the Machiya-style magnificent Wakamono, and when I saw the rain, I folded it up and held it under my collar. I shook it, and handled the collar with a sword and passed it through. It is not just this haori that this man cares about when it rains, but there is something that he puts in his pocket. It's not a big piece of paper. It's not a baby of a milk eater, Akanbo. In other words, it is a pair of ｜ Omoteuchi's piece clogs, but it does not mean that it has come out to the messenger of Onoe's messenger. I bought this from a monkey geisha, a new year's gift, so I treated it as a talisman, so I thought it wouldn't get dirty because it rained on the way. .. He is a barefoot barefoot.
The person who took the sushi was the first to take measures against Genjiro, the sushi of the pine tree, in the downtown area.
In the world, the hanten of the Tobi person was changed to Inase, and the husband's crest was high. However, Gen-chan wears both balances, and when she puts up a woman, she wears a half-dress and a headband. When you put up a sect, you can use a crest to make a cigarette, and you can make colors and haiku at the same time, so you can put clogs in your pocket.
On the contrary, Gen-chan wore a haori coat in the darkness of the town, but his feet were dirty, so he didn't wear clogs and shook his pocket as it was.
"It's a pretty salt plum, brute.", He said, "Everyone," a soliloquy that makes sense on both sides, and started walking quickly again.
The rusty face, which looks like the face shape, has thin eyebrows, a low nose, and a glare at the world. When the face of Nadai, who was hanging his glasses, turned Tsuji and was illuminated by the light of the third garlic chives, he rusted from behind. 》 With a stubborn voice
"Hey, Genbo."
Genjiro looks back with a gesture of "Miburi" with a thought of "Who is it?"
"It's me."
"Yeah"
"Wait."
Tsukatsuka and Chikazu, who tied the three-shoulder belt down the hips, hung around the cigarettes of both swords, and one of the shaved ｜ Skylight's father. ..
"I wonder."
"Hey," he calmed down and nodded. This is because he lives in Shitaya Nishikuromon-cho, and he has a head, a head, and a dragon. No one knows his real name, just playing around with what he is doing, and sometimes he goes into a group of "hitomure" and a group of "kioi". I teach "Kiyari".
The head 《Kashira》 stared at the bulging source's bosom,
"What is that?"
"Yes,"
"I don't know if it's a geta, if it's a geta, if it's a skewer, I don't know what it was, but if there's a chance to put it in my pocket, it's an enemy. There seems to be plenty of room to get away from the shins of "Aite". What is it, dogs or humans? "
"It's not a fight."
"Tsujigiri?"
"I can't make a joke."
The head 《Kashira》 was intentionally laughing and laughing 《Karakara》
"Then, what's the matter?", But there seemed to be somewhere to think about it, and he frowned at his brows.
[# 7 indentation] Eight [# "eight" is the middle heading]
Genji didn't seem to notice anything,
"There is no such thing as a quarrel, though fighting is by no means such a thing."
"Hmm," the hearty head "Kashira" is terrifying until the reply. Since I was struck by the response, Genji suddenly seemed to have a bad rule.
"It's coming down, so what's that? Even if it's mud, it's a mess, that's right." -81-91] "Miwa",
"Hehehehe, what's the matter?"
"That's it," and at that time, I made a face with a head that was a point of consensus.
"Do it there, of reputation with still hanging difference was in front of your eyes through" Medori "is Specifications" Specifications "Rane is, at that time Chaa came Minamotobo is the geta |.. Nadaka" that only "I Akazome Mumu , It ’s famous. ”
"Nothing gets stuck."
"Ah, stupid. I made the geisha, who is trying to learn the child calculation of the eyes before the tatami mats, get a little hungry. Hey, don't you worship me for a moment. "
Involuntarily hold it with your hand from above,
"Head, is this?"
"It's the one who was the geisha's geisha."
"Hey, what, don't go down," he said with a little regret.
"No, no, I can't show you, I can't show you, let's serve the most votive candle, wait."
Turn around and enter the roasted sweet potato shop on the left, turning the front and rocking. This shop is old, and it has a lantern with a tori, and a pseudonym, "Kawagoe", and "Kawagoe", if you want to buy it. Yaki | Tawara Tosuke "Tawara Tosuke" -What?
In "Father's father," the head "Kashira" casually hangs "words".
Mumbled, …… the voice that was reading things stopped, and the old shoji on the dirt floor that was lit by the lantern, Yareando, was opened.
Fujibei, who said "Who is it?", Became a crawling, and under his chest was a Kyoden reader, Yomihon, with a loose brass ring. Take your eyes and put it on the book you're reading, and while you're poking your cheeks, squeeze the wrinkles!
"It's me, it's not unusual at all."
"Oh, head."
"It's not for use. Hey, I'm renting a little shop, I want a light."
"Something is lit, and it's a fishing lamp that has smoked and turned back."
"Yes. Well,"
"Do you read the sentence" Fumi "of the secret secret"? "
"No, it's a pawnbroker, don't worry. It's cold, so close it."
Towards the outdoor 《Omotenashi》
"Genbo, come in here. Hey, what's stunned, I'm standing up in the wind holding a stone Jizo, I can't mess with it."
"Head, please," he said, "Wrinkled" from "behind" after "Hettsu".
"Oh, the size of this section, which is the shrivel of Kuroko, no, is it" Sunpaku "or" Subaku "?"
"It's not a skewer, it's just a smoked place, it's warm."
Honen Atama, the head of the Honen skylight, turned around, saying, "It's a brilliant thing, that guy."
"Well, don't come over here, put in the pine sushi brother, Anii."
Being forced, I couldn't help stopping Gensan.
"I'm sorry."
"Come on," said the old lady, who is only seventy, but she is not talented.
[# 7 indentation] Nine [# "nine" is a middle heading]
"Hey, grandmother, you were the one who fluttered the corridor with sandals, so why don't you try to pull the lover" Iro "? It's a ritual, how wonderful is it? "
The head "Kashira" hit the rattan table "Tomote", the hanao of Sachin, and the paulownia tree "Masa", Genji pulled out the illegitimate child and hit one foot. I returned it and sent it.
"Hey, this.", Repeatedly "twist", grab the thong, and twist it a little.
"What's wrong?" Said the old woman, putting her hand on her lap and looking at her with a tingling sensation.
The head 《Kashira》 is exaggerated 《Exaggeration》
"What's wrong, it's a popular thing these days. Now you're stepping on Gochocho, you know, two years ago, Niwaka of Otodoshi and Hihi. 》 It ’s the baboon of the Osaka family who trained as a warrior to get rid of it. ”
"Mr. Chokichi?"
"Um, this section, if you're in Sukiya-cho, that jump, turn back, run ahead, and come to anything, so even when you're in Niwaka, you pull out one and use it, it hurts. I wanted to learn from this ceremony just because I didn't see it, so I asked you and Mr. Fuji to prepare it.
Take on the bamboo sword with a small hand, and pull the wooden teeth of Park with Kokura's gusseted height or something in your training clothes, here. I went to the inside of the house, and when I pulled it, I rang Nakanomachi in vertical and horizontal crosses and walked. I'll give it to you here.
That's it. That tea "Cha" Pime, I used to ride on stilts until I didn't come, or I was pulled out by school students, and I was hanging out in a rice field "Tambo". He said that he said that it was a secret secret to the student's stilts. You're surprised, this geta. I said, "Turn it over" again. The head is spread out in front of the sword, and it is pulled out with one hand to hold the silver smoke tube, and the waist is fluttering. Twist the cigarette.
"Oh," the old lady has always known that Chokichi, so I'd like you to stop at least the so-called "I'm sorry" man, that is, Genjiro. The shape of the nose on which it is placed, and the face that cannot be solved by all the competitions that interact with the clogs of the matter.
The head 《Kashira》 gently blows smoke,
"I don't think it's wonderful, it's scary. I wonder how much it was, hmm, it's arrogant."
It's too hard to say, so even the old lady who didn't feel like fighting soon looked at her.
"Head, is this the current fashion?"
When I heard this, I was scolded,
"Nanatomae, the seven doors of this warehouse, is also a humorous mouth, and the phrase" Gusa "is Kogenbo, a young middle-aged man," I don't want to take "Toshi". The old lady here still called it "Kuzu" leaf and sold it in the old days. "
"I can't stop, I don't see it," he smiled calmly and looked away, almost like a Buddha.
"It's about two reds directly from the old" original ", Genbo, how much was it, two cars and two minutes."
Say "Head, 3 yen," and turn the nose of the matter "Kudan" to the back and clear it.
"Oh, I heard that there is only a three-car two-minute, or anything two-minute end. Yes, three-car two-minute. It's a lattice door, and if it's two rooms, it's January's rent, Tanachin, it's scary, it's a magnificent one. " 》 To remove the butts.
Genji ｜ Hurry up,
"Head,"
"Hey, this is."
[# 7 indentation] Ten [# "Ten" is the middle heading]
"But it's a scary generosity. But that Chokichi, no, when I was taken by a customer to Uehan, you and my husband were all over. I don't feel like leaving a paper container with a heavy weight to look at it, so I'm going to throw away such annoying things. It was a disaster, but I went shopping at the Nakamise store, and when I said that I had to throw it away from the bridge, I just said it was true. It's said that it became Masao. That's right, it was less than 200 yen.
It ’s not like this kind of Tatehiki. "I don't think there is anything like Taka's clogs like this." The head "Kashira" saw the swaying eyelids, and the old woman became this year. However, I saw that the black eyes of the eyelids had a rush of clogs.
Genji also felt a little uneasy, and he was a little uneasy.
"I wonder, there are many more."
While pretending to be apatrapya, while squirming, remove the hand that you tried to take out and hold it.
"Don't hesitate, don't be afraid of anything. It's not the storyteller's word" Iigusa ", but why is it so late to come home?" If you ask me, he'll keep it, so I don't think he has the courage to do it. "
"What's boring again?"
"Rather, why did you bring this out onto the long fire bowl? During this time, you took the one you took off and went up, and the legend went into the grid of the house. It was said that he showed it with a plunge. ”The Kazami's crow circulates around, and a little northerly wind blows.
"e."
"I wasn't able to wrestle at that time," he said clearly and changed his mind.
Responding to the coolness,
"What?"
"Auntie, another smoke" Hitokube "* [#" Fire + 發 ", U + 243CB, 298-16] Why don't you do it with" Pa "? "
While saying that, he put in a smoke tube like a geta, and he was in a position to hang on to work, and his head was a lie with an unfamiliar face. While lying, grab the clogs in line and grab the clogs.
The situation | Not calm, Genji stepped on the run-away, became a crawling body, and with a cracking hand, pulled out a little, pulled a little, Trying to get it back, I missed it, changed my eyes,
"Head, what is it, I'm in a hurry."
"You can't go out with bare feet, you can't go out with bare feet. That's okay, no, it's scary, and the road is bad."
In addition, I was hit by a person and rubbed it with a fir,
"I'm going to wear it, I'm going to wear it, so I'm sorry for my head, but that."
"Don't wear it, geta is the best way to wear it. Who will get it? But there is no one who can put it in his pocket, hey, Genbo. . "
"I'm just a little bit, so I'm in a hurry from now on."
"Where are you in a hurry? Where are you?"
"Yes, that's why. I'm going to have a haiku party from now on."
"Crematorium, oh yeah. Source, what did you say, that dharma name" Kaimyo ", no haiku name. Wait, you can give it a dharma name rather than a haiku name. , I'll send you the cremation of the most clogs and give you guidance first. "
"Huh,"
"Stupid, lose your feet."
[# 5 indentation] God to go [# "God to go" is a big headline]
[# 7 indentation] 11 [# "11" is the middle heading]
"Oh, it's terribly cloudy, it seems that you've sent you, but Kazuki-kun."
Tatsuda passed through the school garden "that" and looked at the sky trying to exit the gate of Yayoicho "Yayoicho".
"I thought I'd take a walk in one place, but I'm going to get off, so I'm disappointed, then you, the discussion is a discussion, but it's actually a reality. "I was told by my younger friend that I was going for a walk, and it was Kazuki who just nodded.
"Then."
Tatsuda turned back from the gate, dismissing him as "disrespectful." I sang a poem in the dark, but I sang it low and soon I couldn't hear it.
Azusa is * [# "彳 + low construction", 3rd level 1-84-31] wandering around, coming from the other side, and fluttering.
Saying "Eh.", I opened myself up and retired to see through the appearance of the god moon.
"Yeah, teacher?" He said in a cold-hearted tone.
This is Genjiro of pine sushi, and the important piece of clogs, which can be said to be non-soiled, received from Chokichi, is burned to the head of burning potatoes. On top of that, he lost his face because he was sushi, but he said that he was more sympathetic than he asked him, from the mouth of his head, and as if he had an opinion. Hearing the mystery of "footwear", I can't stand the sushi. The chest seems to be upset, but when the chest is taken away, the head of a hero who seems to have an eyeball is held against him, and he is not complaining about it. I came out of the place where I couldn't get enough, as if I was smoked by smoke and drunk with mud. Looking at the person who hit it, the road of the snake is a snake, and the search that Chokichi chases after again arrives, and even his face is the smoke of the love of Mishirigoshi. 》. Azusa Kazuki is a bachelor who has no discrimination between the top and bottom because there is no discrimination between the top and bottom in love. Once upon a time, at the eight points of "Para" and "Tachi"
"Hmm, the color man is also terrible, no, I think there are a lot of children who have been impregnated by you," Kami ". Both of them bite the mud. I think it's mercy that I don't know. , So many scholars, hurray Thou. "
Seventy-eight steps followed by a shadow, and walked back with a bachelor's degree.
"Look at the turkey, look at the face, blue or red, turkey literary man." The bachelor seemed to be worried, and suddenly stopped, but he didn't look back and thought it was a trivial miscellaneous word from his boss, Gesu.
"Is it raining?"
When I looked at the sky, the clouds were low, and there were drops on my cheeks, and there were two or three drops.
He muttered, "Oh," and walked with a sword, as if he wasn't hanging on this drop.
At first, there was only the sound of hitting the eaves groove, etc. in the shadow, but eventually it hit the tiled roof and fell apart again.
"I don't like it."
See, see, bald, squeak, squeak, squeak, squeak, and squeak, all at once irrigate the leaves of the tree. The quiet sky is the sound of rain all over.
The god moon disappeared.
[# 5 indentation] Ki no Kuniya [# "Kino no Kuniya" is a big heading]
[# 7 indentation] Twelve [# "Twelve" is the middle heading]
Waiting song pillow 《Onmachi Utamakura》. The color of Michiyuki Gappa, which is the half body of Oboro with the gas lamp of frosted glass, and the light of the sacred lantern on the back of the back. Clearly and clearly, when you step out of the lattice door, suddenly, under the willow tree, open a new navy blue snake-eye umbrella with your shoulders squeezed and open with both hands. .. The face is hidden in it and cannot be seen, and it is a slender and thin standing figure with a good length. Pink | The crepe sash "Shigokiobi" is used to tighten the weak waist. With white socks and small, high clogs with black claws deeply hung on them, the sound of small knurls on the granite Mikageishi Two legs and three legs. When I thought that my head had been released under the eaves, I stretched out and looked up at the sky.
There is one arm car 《car》 attached here. The car owner, who was sitting on the kick-in, was waiting, and when he saw my lord, Aruji, came, he recovered and hurriedly shook his beautiful horo. The sign that says Minoya, which was hung on the Kajibo and placed on the ground, shines a new light and the wax paper is transparent, and the bones are also one by one. It is beautiful.
"Oh, it didn't fall." Shizuka squeezed the snake's eyes and held it in one hand. I could see a glimpse of a good-looking profile with a dignified, slender face with a straight nose, but it was light as if it emerged, and it was a tight skirt. Trying to cross the skirt with a skirt.
A car owner who says, "Here," bends down and quickly receives the dark blue snake's eyes. When trying to get on the car, there are two people wearing a cheek crown in front of the black wall beyond the willow, beating the tree with a click. It was.
"Hey, one of your favorite people, Kikugoro Onoe and Gennosuke Sawamura."
At that time, a bright shadow was cast on the shoji on the second floor above the board wall, but I opened the edge and went out to the corridor. The planted treetop "Kozue"
A voice saying "Aiyo," a twisted paper packet cuts through the air, and it falls in front of them as they graze the nails of Shinobi.
"Yes, the new form of Nezumi Kozo spring clothes" Mouse Komon Harugi no Shingata ". Kanda's Yokichi" Actually, Nezumi Kozo | Jirokichi "Jirokichi", Tetsujo "Keisei" Matsuyama, " hand,
"Kamakurayama's big and small names, Wada | Hojo, Sasaki, Kajiwara, Chiba, Miura, at that time | 3rd level 1-91-26] 《Ichirou》 A couple of times to Kudo, etc. It didn't happen. Instead of that, poverty and the famous Soga, who left behind the stolen money, did bad things, but they were stubborn, so to speak, a wild thief, but I don't know. If you hear this kind of personality, you might become the master, no, no. "
"Why do you want to be disowned? I hate being called a young lady because everyone likes it, and I want to crush it from Takamage, which is hardened with oil. , The character of the palace pattern | From the entry "Iri", the two characters | I abandoned my parents and disowned myself as a person inside, and I became your wife, no matter what, no matter what, my amiability will run out. "
Kiku: "If you know that, you're a thief, and even if you know it, you'll never run out of amiability." To the working demon's wife, Nyobo, "Source:" Kijin, the demon god looking for pillows. " If you receive the punishment of the government, "Kiku" The two of the "Hima" line "Yuku" pieces | Ren "Zure", "Source" The second generation of the two spears "Yari", "Kiku "The paper sword in the middle," the source "the fruit is in the field," the chrysanthemum "the body is a waste," the source "if you think about it, there is no brave."
Unexpectedly, "Kinokuniya [# (pull)]", behind the dark open field, a young, clean voice.
[# 7 indentation] 13 [# "13" is the middle heading]
"Hohohohohoho," laughed at Lotus leaf without any innocence, but again.
"Kinokuniya!" Seemingly drunk, wandering around, standing behind the frightening messenger,
"Hey, I'm happy."
While saying that, feel free to hit the shoulder of that one person. Surprised and silently amazed, the woman laughed again innocently.
"Hohohohoho."
"Oh! It's a butterfly," he said to the balustrade on the second floor.
Looking back,
"tonight."
I said, "Mr. Kazuki has come, I'm here." But he disappeared in the shoji.
"Thank you very much."
The color messenger, who was stunned after being overtaken by the courage, lost his sense in a hurry, or instead stood behind him, thanking him.
"here we go,"
"Hey."
The woman did not look back at turning around her heels, and tried to pass under the willow by leaning herself again and swaying her heels.
At the gate 《Kadoguchi》
"Butterfly-chan, [#", "is not the original. There is "," in the following books. "Kyoka Complete Works" (Iwanami Shoten, March 4, 1974, 2nd printing), "Kyoka Complete Works, Vol. 4" (Shunyo-do, September 25, 1918), "Yushima Shrine" (Shunyo-do) , November 23, 1902), "Yushima 詣" (Shunyodou Bunko, Shunyodou, October 20, 1947, reissue first edition)] "
"Okay,"
"Be careful."
"Is it Sai-chan?"
"It's fun."
As soon as I got on the car, I took the Kajibo from the top of the car.
"Goodbye."
"Cha-cha-cha-chi-ki-chi-chi-don-don." Lightly tap the tip of the willow branch with your finger to show it.
Just saying "Hmm," on the armchair. As soon as I turned away from the face while looking at it for a moment, the car owner turned around. The signboard on the alley in the dark night is like a meteor.
When I opened the lattice door, I opened the shoji screen of the stile at the same time.
The maid, who appeared on the balustrade, greeted me with a voice saying, "Hey, well." The shadows of the light of the counter and the lanterns of the gods illuminate beautifully here in Shitaya, Sukiya-cho | Yamatoya, and Chokichi.
The dressing is a dark sash, and the obi of the meeting between Sachin and Kurojusu, which weaves Rangiku with gold, and the Takijima's crepe, which is the color of the crepe. Instead of "Kachiiro", two pieces of the same hem "Sole" | Attack "Kasa", Tomozome "Yuzen" with a pattern of a Gosho car on the maple, and a scarlet back "Hiura" "Tsukijuban", and a half-collared white background with the flowers of Kikyo on a black background.
Hair wash "Araigami" crushed Shimada "Crushed yet", even though it was a little frayed, with a horizontal comb "Yokogushi", a gold leg "Kinashi" quintuplet "Gobudama" hairpin "Kanzashi" The eyes are cool, there is no cloud between the eyebrows, and the age is still young, but only lipstick without white powder, small fertilizer "hump" I don't want to lose weight, but I've been proud of dancing since I was little.
The maid who greeted me thought that she had turned forward and opened herself in a hurry.
"Isn't that dangerous?"
Chokichi took off the piece clogs as if he was stumbling, squeezed into the depression, and tried to hit the shoji with his shoulders. Then, he retired, looked up at the lamp, stepped on, and stood up. A breath of relief, laughing vigorously,
"tonight."
[# 5 indentation] Stage child [# "Step child" is a big heading]
[# 7 indentation] 14 [# "14" is the middle heading]
It was my wife who called from the counter, "Mr. Butterfly, I'll let you go." This waiting room can be attached to the tatami room, the equipment, the handling, and anything else. The pattern of the zabuton, which can be laid by up to two people in a troupe of five, is different, and the different komon and arabesque will eventually be in the Kankouba factory, and the cup wash will be done. Nori and Choshi come out on board, even though it is an organization that tries to fill a round tree in the middle of the chabudai of the cow shop Gyuya, but the seating fee But it's not always cheap again. There is nothing to acquire with this, but what you should pay attention to here is the credit that keeps the secret carefully, such as the wife, the brother and his lover, Iro, and even the maid. Because there is, the side who is known to be related to the status goes in and out with a little pocket.
Although there is no mathematical principle that the triangle of the thing is to keep the secret, the Utamakura's wife has a triangular eye shape. The nose is triangular, the mouth is triangular, the mark of the eyebrows is triangular again, and the triangle with the thin cheekbones of the chin is turned upside down and the ring of the face is Rin. The chins are aligned in the same way. Pay the skirt of the white thread weave haori, put the ring of the gold flat hit "Hirauchi" on it, release the hand from the edge of the long fire bowl, remove the troupe and stand softly. And one dog that got up suddenly.
Rumble the brass neck ring, cross the tatami mats, squeeze the hem of Chokichi, and attach it to the floor. He went up like an arrow.
This dog knows the housewife's intentions with every move, and when he sees that he is standing up now, he goes upstairs and jumps out ahead of his eyes. However, when I climbed up six steps, I looked back and waited for a grace.
The triangular housewife is relaxed,
"Now, go upstairs."
"Welcome soon," the maid urged from the side "Soba" again.
Chokichi dyed the eyelids with the moist color of the rainy morning cherry blossoms.
I shook my shoulder, saying, "No, I don't like it."
"Is it OK, say something like that?"
"Anyway," said the master and servant, and when he smiled and looked into his face from the left and right, he said.
"The dog is scary," he laughs in anticipation of the stage child.
The housewife goes out in front of her and looks up at her dog, pulling her left hand into her sleeve, pulling it out a little, and pointing her finger at it, she feels an electric guitar. The little dog crawls up and down as if it were spinning around.
"Yes, I can't!"
However, the beautiful body that shook up, raised one leg to the step, supported both hands, pulled the hem, and turned down and turned down, was a conclusion. Yuwa >> I slept on the floor as if I was depressed.
"Dangerous."
Chokichi stretched out his arm as it was, without hearing the loud shouts of "Oh,".
"I can't do it, I can't do it, I can't do it," he said, dragging his legs.
"Burning, is there a way to go beyond me?"
"come."
It was Azusa who lightly beat her knees and looked back.
At the upper mouth, the dog that was spinning around was called and jumped in without hesitation, suddenly hung his forefoot on Azusa's catalpa, and his knees. I was afraid to ride on.
"If you can't! That."
[# 7 indentation] 15 [# "15" is the middle heading]
"It's a disrespectful guy, it's kind of like a mess, it's inconvenient, I'm sorry, what's in front of me?"
"Who refused, damn it, why don't you come over here, I'll hit you," he said, holding his sleeve and raising his hand, but even standing as it was was depressing.
"Who was hit ..."
Azusa is looking down and looking at the dog's skylight, Atama.
"No, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Don't let that happen."
"I'm scared, somewhere, my niece, I'm telling you not to hit me."
"I want to be impatient."
Azusa laughed, took the dog's forefoot and stretched it out, and the dog opened his mouth and kept an eye out, wow!
"I'm sorry," he turned around, showing his profile.
"Why is that so, listen to what you say, yeah I want to be impatient."
Local * [# "Fu + Bi-zukuri", Level 3 1-93-84] Even if you step on "Jidada", it will not be clear, so you will not be able to compete.
"I'm sorry."
Turn to the side and rub the upper wall with a flat hand and rub the body. I moved violently to the place where I was drunk, so I was disappointed that my knees came off and I was about to collapse. He shook his hands on the wall like a squirrel, hid his face and exhaled a snout.
"What's wrong?"
Climbing up the floor, the housewife "Okami" came with a mysterious noise.
"Aw,"
"I'm just saying the phrase, it's okay. I don't think there's anything detailed when you come first."
"What's that, well, the difficult thing that flew, tons!"
Ton was probably the name of his dog, who barked and stood his forefoot.
"Come, come. Come on."
"Okay, mommy, go over here."
"But again, what's that wife, cheeks, cheeks," said the housewife, "Okami," with a triangular mouth rounded and laughing.
"What's boring."
"Yes, yes."
When he hung his hand on his knee, bent his hips, and bowed to the play, Ton often got his heart and lowered his forefoot and dropped his tail. The flat dog's nose and the housewife's low nose faced straight across the tatami mat.
"Oh, yes, yes." Nods, "Well then, let's bother you."
At the same time, stepping on the floorboard steadily,
"I'm sorry! I'm sorry," he suddenly called out from inside the wall.
The housewife "Okami" was surprised and retired.
"Well, I'm sorry, thank you."
Chokichi shook the Shimada sword that was pressed against the wall in a disturbing manner, and shook it.
"I'm sorry, I'm sorry."
"I'm crying, oh my god, what's wrong? I'm surprised."
Put your hands on the two milks "chi" and put your eyes * [# "eyes + 爭", 3rd level 1-88-85]
"It's a helpless baby, Aka-chan."
[# 7 indentation] 16 [# "16" is the middle heading]
"It's a hassle to do it somehow."
Azusa scraped the ton from his knees and said, "new" in terms of seat and words.
"Come on, you," he said, "Kima," and when he touched his back, he shook it off for no reason.
"I'm sorry."
"It's not a shin, he's coming, but I don't like what he's doing, I'm messing around, I don't know my mother."
However, one hit.
"It hurts,"
"Just a lie,"
"I don't mind."
"What's wrong with you, I'm the one who wants to be impatient. Yeah,"
Chokichi said [# "ha" is "ga" in the original. In the following books, "ha". "Kyoka Complete Works" (Iwanami Shoten, March 4, 1974, 2nd printing), "Kyoka Complete Works, Vol. 4" (Shunyo-do, September 25, 1918), "Yushima Shrine" (Shunyo-do) , November 23, 1902), "Yushima 詣" (Shunyodou Bunko, Shunyodou, October 20, 1947, reissue first edition)]
"Hey, 姐"
"Sai-chan has returned to the sword, I'm not here. Come on, I have to ask you already."
"that."
The housewife, Okami, tickled Chokichi's writhing, but was surprised and hugged her shoulders.
"Oh, my husband, I'm really crying. Please be patient, please be patient, I'm sorry, I think you're just happy, so don't know, fly I did that. I'm sorry. "
I regret it very much, and when I stretch my neck and look into my face with my shoulders, it turns red and my cute eyes are narrowed. It seems that it is almost unbearable, and it is "attractive" [# "Rei" is "Glossy" in the bottom. In the following books, "Rei-gloss". "Kyoka Complete Works" (Iwanami Shoten, March 4, 1974, 2nd printing), "Kyoka Complete Works, Vol. 4" (Shunyo-do, September 25, 1918), "Yushima Shrine" (Shunyo-do) , November 23, 1902), "Yushima 詣" (Shunyodou Bunko, Shunyodou, October 20, 1947, reissue first edition)] with a smile.
Just saying "I'm happy!", Chokichi turned his face to the slanted "lick" and looked at the face of the housewife "Okami" and the profile of Kazuki in a fluent manner. Smile.
"damn it."
It became smaller
"Tickle, I'll die if I'm struck, so it's terrible, it's the scariest thing." With both hands, I rushed from behind to recover from the situation.
"I don't like it."
On the wall, thin, breathing marks, and wet lips remain in the illusion, and Chokichi's body is extracted from Gennosuke's housewife's face. As a result, the housewife "Okami" rushed into the middle of the tatami room, and her legs didn't collect, and she became a horizontal lips, but she was near the man. "Soba".
It was as if I liked it, and I tried to get up with Azusa's knees as a pillow and one hand upside down, but I couldn't support it and fell down with one side hidden. Yuzen's Nagajuban, which dyed the Gosho cart of the case, is instead spilling the spilled sword, which is irresistible.
The man didn't put out his hand in his pocket, he squinted his eyebrows,
"What is that shape?"
"Yes, please."
"I don't know, Kami-san is watching."
"Yes, hey, mom,"
"How is it?" He answered very carefully. The housewife "Okami" jumps in without a heart, but it is different, and she retires to the floor as it is, but she looks like a congratulations because she is a business man.
"I can't help it."
And the ball-like hand on the tatami mat, fluffy.
"I'm already lying down."
Azusa shook his shoulders with the swaying force, "Heavy, can't help, hey, do it properly."
[# 7 indentation] 17 [# "17" is the middle heading]
"Oh, my hair is broken," said Chokichi, raising one hand and holding Azusa's chest on his back, ecstatically joyfully.
"The fraying of the bottle is the pillow's blame--that's it, stay still. [#". "Is", "in the bottom. In the following books, ".". "Kyoka Complete Works" (Iwanami Shoten, March 4, 1974, 2nd printing), "Kyoka Complete Works, Vol. 4" (Shunyo-do, September 25, 1918), "Yushima Shrine" (Shunyo-do) , November 23, 1902), "Yushima 詣" (Shunyodou Bunko, Shunyodou, October 20, 1947, reissue first edition)] Because it is a posterity. "
"I don't care, I don't know." The man deliberately scolds him and tries to shake him off.
Chokichi closed his eyes, closed his mouth, closed his eyebrows, and pretended to be painful.
"I have a headache, I have a headache, and the skylight hurts, but it's terrible."
"Spit a lie,"
"Please don't tickle you," said the housewife, Okami, who stepped on her feet as if she was impatient.
I silently saw the housewife 《Okami》, but Kazuki turned down and
"Stop" Yes, it's not so good, so [# "," is "." In the following books. "Kyoka Complete Works" (Iwanami Shoten, March 4, 1974, 2nd printing), "Kyoka Complete Works, Vol. 4" (Shunyo-do, September 25, 1918), "Yushima Shrine" (Shunyo-do) Bunko, Shunyo-do, October 20, 1947, reissued first edition. In "Yushima 詣" (Shunyo-do, November 23, 1902), ","] At the end, it's not so noisy. "
"Oh, you always look like you're tickling."
"Well, what, don't go down, what are you saying. Well, mom, drink, come over here." I got a little whereabouts, but the hand in my pocket, which I had no choice but to take, took the elbow and raised it a little.
"I'll drink."
"No, I don't want to cheat on that. Well, I'll stop the skewer game and let you do it quickly, so put it to sleep, I'm really drunk. That's right, it looks like it's going to be painful. "
The housewife 《Okami》 was a swallowed face. On the other hand, Kazuki
"I'm going home soon, so what is it?"
"So no one tells you to rest."
On the cut, I didn't even try to look at the Kanzake, and while I was standing at the upper entrance from the previous time, I was about to go downstairs. Ton, who couldn't see "Tsukubai" in the shadow of the Western light "Ramp", jumped up and jumped out of the tatami room with the sound of a collar.
"Where did you get so intoxicated?"
Kamizuki unexpectedly left the housewife "Okami" underneath, and abandoned the inoguchi of "Kudan" and put his hand on the little woman's chest.
As a ripeness
"I don't know."
"Is there something you don't know?"
"I don't have a solution."
However, I opened my clean eyes. Chokichi gladly and happily gazes at the man's dignified and elegant face, which is twenty-five.
"Then I don't mean I was drunk, so I know where I drank it."
"You, I'm sorry to scold you again. I wish I had such a serious face ... Because it's just a little bit," he said, looking away. I took a picture of Kazuki's knees on the pillow from the top of the kimono, but since it is tight and decent, I tried to make wrinkles on the silk cloth so that it wouldn't touch my fingertips. It's not a rut, it's not a stroke, it's a claw, a pillow, a smile,
"Isn't it okay?" [# "Isn't it okay?" Is "Isn't it okay?" In the following book, "Isn't it okay?" "Kyoka Complete Works" (Iwanami Shoten, March 4, 1974, second printing), "Yushima 詣" (Shunyo-do, November 23, 1902). In the following book, "Isn't it okay?" "Kyoka Complete Works Vol. 4" (Shunyo-do, September 25, 1918), "Yushima 詣" (Shunyo-do Bunko, Shunyo-do, October 20, 1947, reissue first edition)], a little, It's an even "tama", it's okay. "
[# 7 indentation] 18 [# "18" is the middle heading]
"Is it okay? Yes, who isn't okay again, I wonder if you drink alcohol, and you got drunk, the geisha Chokichi got drunk, I'm sorry. It's neither sweet nor spicy, and there's nothing difficult about it. " walked. One cup was lying down, and a drink was flowing. It is not necessary to dare to refuse this in detail, but it is because Chokichi happened just when the Choshi walked.
Azusa's haori sleeves were rubbed with a mage, and she was attached to her face, and she sat sideways, but she put her hand on her knee like a deer claw. , Come face to face soon,
"Oh, you're different, you're saying something different. What's wrong?"
Chokichi was about to squeeze in, Azusa is now |
"First of all, let's have a drink, though it's a good idea."
I just said "Hmm," and I'm looking at it.
"Why don't you come to me, why don't you come here, Mr. Butterfly, please come here | It's done, isn't it bad? "
"Oh, let's have a good time."
Azusa picked up Inoguchi, drained the cup, and drained it.
"It's fine, if you like, please go to this."
"Oh my god, I've just told the people in" I'm home ", Chokichi | Hey, is it a little you?"
"I am" I "."
"Oh, it's okay if you're a good-hearted guy. Drink it quickly. Don't get too drunk, and my wife, Kami-san, will be worried again."
"I'm afraid, but there's nothing like that."
"You can do it now without it. If you care about it, you can do it now, so you should know goodbye."
"Okay."
"Well, Yoko is OK, it's kind, it's bad, and it's bad, and you're good at learning, don't make a face you know, it's like a young woman, and it's broken into care I was so cute without being innocent, I couldn't care about it, and that habit | I'm a mother-in-law. All the girls are making noise with "everyone", and Chokichi is rubbing with pity, why isn't it? I'm not going to put it in. ”While using the policeman's voice“ Scary ”in a humorous voice, from the swelling under the milk of the meeting band, one side I took out my flashphone, looked at my face, and scraped my frayed hair. Take the comb again and imitate it with a pencil.
"Koyakoya, always keep it on the police notebook like when Chokichi pulled the Hanafuda. You can tell your address and first and last name properly, and it's useless to fake. Koya," he said hard. Lol I'm serious, tying my lips while swelling my slender cheeks. At first, Azusa, who had the intention of playing with something, was too much, so
"What a ridiculous thing."
"Koya, what are you going to do for the policeman, stupid, you're a disrespectful guy."
"Keep it sloppy, it's a hassle."
Chokichi stabbed his knee a little,
"Yeah, let's do each police officer, yeah, funny."
Azusa couldn't be scolded, and with a bitter smile,
"It's a carefree thing."
[# 5 indentation] Temari's friend [# "Temari's friend" is a big headline]
[# 7 indentation] Nineteen [# "Nineteen" is the middle heading]
Azusa Kazuki is a bachelor's degree. Even among my friends in the same window, I heard that the gentle appearance, the beautiful appearance, and the abundant scholarship, the talented and human soul, the meteor, and the meteor. Azusa is the son-in-law of the Viscount family, although he has been uncomfortable since the clash of opinions, and he resigned from his wife's permission and hid in the temple in Yanaka. In other words, if you look at the Kazoku lord, you are not in a position to go in and out of the waiting room for the world.
There is no limit to not playing the geisha of the most prestigious and prestigious person, and if there is no sickness inside, maintaining the dignity of a good guest, the world is still there. Azusa is a geisha, but when she sees her wife in a waiting room, she calls herself (mother) and humbles herself and captures the opponent's geisha. "Catch", it's not called "Hey" [# "Hey" as an emphasis mark] or Kora [# "Kora" as an emphasis mark]. I have no choice but to say that it is a self-deprecating thing.
At least a young bachelor of arts and a bachelor of arts with a correct garment are two people. Absent.
However, Azusa was a former Sendai student who was born and was a child of a land painter, Nurimonoshi, but grew up under a household budget of Yutaka. It wasn't. Whether it's the husband of a wholesaler who goes to the messenger, the dad who has a place to order inside, or the wife of an officer next door, a pawn shop over there. Even though he was always loved, he didn't have a sense of salute, so when he met a person, he was forced to say hello from this person. I grew up being a salute.
In addition, the mother was not only the famous geisha who had relocated from Edo at the beginning, but also a flight to the same land in Sendai. My mother's sister and her husband, who came out of Japan, were also extremely unlucky, and when they lost their livelihood because their husband died for years, there were two girls. All of my sisters sank into a difficult world. Perhaps it was the cause of the previous life, one of my father's sister's children was older than Azusa, because it was also an unavoidable situation for the same work. Three good cousins, sisters of Toshi, and younger sisters are not all daughters, not wives, not only wives, but also brute from the world. ｜ With a body that is called.
The mother died young, and eventually the father died. According to the will, there is one Azusa's older sister. As soon as I was born, I sent the message to another adopted daughter because of my internal circumstances, but when I asked the newsletter of the wind over the years, it also turned into a family. Similarly, he is said to have adopted the left-handed "Hidarizuma". It's been seventy-nine days after Nobe's sending, but I was ashamed of myself, and knowing that, my sister, Anejahito, who hadn't finally made a message until now, At that time, I was asked that I was a concubine of a wealthy merchant, and the ambassador, Kozukai, and my three sisters thought that they were searching for the dragon's gills, and the work surface. Azusa's house was so poor that I could make a concubine with a little money.
It goes without saying that my father squeezed the abacus from the school funds that he had just entered high school after graduating from elementary school and entering junior high school. The cousins ​​are so sad about their circumstances that at least one of them, Azusa, is a man, so he buys an abacus, which brings a stone brush. If you send a bunch of flower hairpins to the bookmark of the book, it will look good on small clothes, so you will be scolded by your sister for taking a picture in one place. Kawayu >> There is a bookmark.
[# 7 indentation] Twenty [# "Twenty" is the middle heading]
When I met Kaerusa and Niwakaame on my way home from school, Yotsuji came up with a left-handed frog with dark blue snake eyes, and I pulled my hand back with a friendship. So, at eight and nine hours, Azusa was scorned by a terrible male friend. Everyone has friends with stilts, but Azusa had friends with Temari and Oihago.
Azusa graduated from high school and went to Tokyo when her father died and her sister visited for the first time. I got out of my husband's pocket-in the middle of the school year, but my sister, who is two years older than Azusa, is my parents. After that, I fell off a clean and beautiful single camellia, a vase on the floor.
Finally, the three cousins ​​of the three "Mitari" sold one head, one obi, and one ring "Yubiwa" for 20 yen. It was said that the mercy one | person was annoyed, one became crazy, and the other was taken to Hokkaido by a person. , There is a message "Cousin", and it's just that.
Since I was a child, I went in and out of the red dawn "Akebono", the green dwelling, the flower tower "Takano", and the willow hut "Koie". I was accustomed to Yuri, but I asked him nostalgicly, and he had a message with me. Because it is a division, and both are owned by the master, I have to say hello to my wife who is standing on one knee in the counter without having to do anything. I have to lower the skylight to the host, who is taking a nap with a willow in the back.
It sounds like Azusa is terrible and stubborn, but the servant of a person is not my servant. It would be disrespectful to see the visitors and think that they should respect their own home and obey themselves. Taking shoes is a way to use it for the main character, not a tribute to the visitors.
The geisha also became a guest of his own, and only when he gave an order to inspire a celebration, attach a ball, and play, drink, sing, and drink. It's okay to say that it's a geisha of the world, but it's okay, but it's a geisha gun with a tantrum ball in it. When he retired with 《Hikisaga》, he was defeated in the battle 《Battle》 without any merchandising, geisha, martial arts, or writing. I have to do it, I mean, because I was given it quickly, and what I couldn't do with my hands.
Even if you are the owner of Bohachi and your wife, Okami, you have to give a bow if you come here as an individual, not when you become a salute. With a must-have number.
Even if it is a saleswoman, her younger sister, Imoto, is a lady, but she is an older sister. Even if you are a bandit, when you get lost on the mountain road | 》, The culvert is a benefactor. It is not a place to endure in emotions to reach the complainant as something that is harmful to the world. However, it is the role of Yakuwari who does not buy the title even in the play, who complains about this and later wanders around and becomes bloody and writhe. Let's go.
Mother, older sister, cousin, and Azusa in her childhood dominated the seven emotions, all of whom were struggling. Even though there is no place to be ridiculous under the heavens, there are a number of strange things, and if you look back, you will be in a bad situation.
[# 5 indentation] Hot water return [# "Hot water return" is a big heading]
[# 7 indentation] 21 [# "21" is the middle heading]
After Azusa came to Tokyo, it was Yushima that was nostalgic in Tokyo. Yushima is also most fond of chanting the one under Tenjin, which is surrounded by a Masugata-shaped house, on the iron balustrade of Miharashi. It was good.
The nostalgia is like repeating the dream of a past life here, and I have never dared to do anything here, but Tenjin is the place where his mother was born. About that.
Then, leaving his hometown and staying alone in the dormitory, the shy, unfamiliar, weak-hearted, young boy saw the old eaves in the neighborhood and his mother lived there. I wondered if it was a house, and I thought that my mother's hand when I was 178 had touched the crocodile crocodile on the left side of the palace. Whenever the kimono of the red back "Momiura", the parapet of the upstairs house, which is "Nara", is dried, the night "Yo" is always reflected in the shadow of the mirror standing "Bending" on the shoji. I was happy and lonely, and my pity and floor were soaked in my body, and it was customary to go away and sing, but my love and longing were just Aomi. It was just a vague, illusion, as if you were looking at the shape of the clouds in the sky of Aomi. At some point, it manifests itself and controls Azusa's emotions, that is, the principal image that should be poured with all the noble and nostalgic feelings. It was created to have the appearance of a great pessimistic world sound, which is gentle, precious, noble, and subtle.
Just after the daughter of Viscount Tamashi, Ryuko, who is now Mrs. Azusa, her sister died and her cousin broke up, so she took a leave of absence and stayed in the dormitory for a while. While I was leaving, I was taken care of by a couple who wanted to rent a tenement house and have a household, but my husband, Aruji, and the store were in great poverty. I was ordered to take a letter, and I had no choice but to stop surrendering the castle between 9 shaku and 2 rooms for a day. On that day, as usual, Azusa wanders around the precincts of Yushima, erases the time of Yaruse on the iron balustrade, and tries to go home on the way. A couple of friends I met, accompanied by both sides of a cart, headed for the Shimotori of my wife's love, so I pulled them.
(Move to XX address under Tenjin, come later.)
(Mr. Kazuki, I left the junk that was attached to this car to my neighbor's house, so please hire a car and bring it with me.)
I broke up with a carefree thing. At that time, I returned to the Nagaya, which had been renting a store in Dobouchi, and put on the rest of my luggage. I couldn't load my bookcase, desk, two people |
The road is close to Tenjin, and if you take the Western lamp in your hand, go through the back of Otokozaka, and go to the destination, you will not know. ..
I asked him if he made a mistake, or if he made a mistake here, even though he asked for the address he remembered, but everyone didn't know what to do, and he was spinning around the cart, the sun went down, it got dark, a few | It took a long time, so I think I'm out of luck, says Hikiko, a mumbling scolding. If you don't have a house to sleep in when you turn back. Azusa was annoyed and was in trouble, but if there was no light, he was blamed at the police box, but the lantern was not ready, you. He said, "Turn on the Western light that you have in your hand." ..
[# 7 indentation] Twenty-two [# "Twenty-two" is the middle heading]
As you can see, Azusa Kazuki stood in front of a cart with a Western light "Ramp" that was lit in the town "Machinaka" in the dark night, and visited the liquor store on the corner here and there under Tenjin. First of all, a little bit at the Tobacco shop, and a little bit at the window of the rice shop. Every time I say "I don't know, I don't know", I get a scolding from behind, like a bite, and I can hardly endure it. It began to rain.
By the time Azusa becomes blue, the fruit is annoyed, and the tantrum muscles that make you think that your forehead is full, are quiet, do not go against people, and fight. As long as there are no insects that I usually kill, I came here unevenly. I wasn't too keen on it, so I thought I'd take it down and slam my Western light on this cart, and if I crushed it into fine dust, the oil would burn and burn away. This was a potentially boy.
At that time, one crest of black crepe "Kurochirimen". The plain clothes of the "meshi", the pink wrapping "maki" sash, the garment crest "emon", the middle-sized piece clogs, and the high length of the "sei" can be seen smoothly, and the hair is washed. With a "gami", hold a wet hand towel "wet wipe" and a red silk "fir" sack "nukabukuro" in your mouth, and scrape the hair of the "bottle" while scraping the hair of the waterfall. It was Chokichi who left the woman's door with a hot water, and tried to move to somewhere from Nakanomachi, and for a while he went to the mouth-to-mouth lodging of his acquaintance Chikazuki. I was playing. At the beginning of the seventeenth summer of the year, in front of the heavy rain that is about to fall on the remnants of spring, the outdoor "front" is a pitch-black encounter. I saw that a bat flew low in the ground with a fluttering bird, and soon after I closed the door, I leaked the rope curtain, which was leaked. Behind the rice shop where the color of the light shining on the te is sunk, a white-faced boy is standing behind him, facing this bat and holding a bat in his hand. I saw it. Azusa At that time, the beautiful eyebrows would have been caught in reverse. It's just like taking a Western light and putting it on the car stand, and it's more disgusting than the pit viper under the pit viper. .. She is a young woman who doesn't know anything about her, and she is young and has no problem, so she has a high tantrum and blood is reversed. I was so happy that I couldn't stand it.
(Where are you?)
A red light of a width of "Human Haba" shook the dark night, and in the flash of "inspiration", a cart of junk and a black of Hikiko. I stood with my figure, but I went forward with the flounder,
(I'm looking for a house.) If I was intimidated, my voice answered sharply.
Chokichi was amiably asking for details while smiling.
(Yeah, what did you do when you moved today? A fertile husband with a tenugui and a towel on his front, and a collared element. It's a collar, and I think there's a well-mannered Ikami-san. That's right, that's not the case.) Then, wipe your finger with a wet towel. gave. Chokichi was in the inn at the front street of the Nagaya, Omote-dori.
The next house next to this inn is a small salt rice cracker shop, Shio Senbeiya, and there is an open field between it and the Omotesando, which has a flower hairpin of Aikado as an in-house job. When you enter there, you will find a blackboard fence at the end. Then, when I turned to the right, I caught a god lantern in a stylish latticed door, but when I turned to the left, it suddenly turned to the porch and the stone wall in the back was seen through. There was a small house with a wooden roof called "Mitoo", which was the destination of the move.
This ridge is hidden by willows, pine trees are separated by branches, behind a large roof, and blocked by a second-floor house that is built by Kenren, and Yaba cannot be seen from the top of Otokozaka. After being removed, even if you look down from the iron balustrade, you can't see the roof of the whole building even though it's right under your eyes.
[# 5 indentation] Drawable illusion [# "Drawable illusion" is a big headline]
[# 7 indentation] Twenty-three [# "Twenty-three" is the middle heading]
By the way, the open-air entrance between the flower shop and the rice cracker shop of "Kudan" is a diaper, old clogs, and other filth. At the extreme, the paper scraps cannot be picked up, and the deadline is 10 pm.
On the night of the 5th day after Azusa moved, he sometimes returned after 10 o'clock. When I came to Kido, it was locked. At the bathhouse on the other side, the sound of rubbing between the boards, the gate of Shinjoin, the man Sakashita, was closed, the shadow of the willow was dark, and the area was sleeping. I could hear the screaming of the car and the squeak of the car, but it was very useful and I could get out of the rice cracker shop to the back Nagaya. After closing the door, this is an example, my wife found it and knew it properly,
(Shosei-san's husband, please bring your footwear from here.)
The extreme "rule" was also bad, and when I turned away from the face "front" and tried to escape from the store entrance to the back, I held the same "same" piece clogs in my hand and came in from the back door with the beauty of the previous day. I met him quickly. The sleeves are also rubbed together, and they make a mistake at the threshold. The scarlet long undershirt that overflows from the light of the pretend, Nagajuban, flickers in Azusa's hand. Kaori of "Tomeki". Face to face,
(Excuse me,)
(………………)
(Welcome to Chito Yu "Play".) While I still haven't answered yet, I quickly fluttered and went out to "Omotenashi".
(Aunt, disturbing you,) I entered by ringing a bell from the front door of the inn. Chokichi was the return tonight when he went to visit the master of Tokiwazu, Tokiwazu.
Azusa got a lot of French letters, left this hideout, and once again laid down Byron's poetry collection on the dormitory table, Table, and became quiet. However, the nostalgic Tenjin Shita became more and more floor-like, and it became more and more.
Now is the time, there is no reason for Azusa to know who the beauty of the case is, only at that time, at that time, and again. I didn't see it all the time, so I didn't know the face as well as the age, but he just knew at first glance that the manners and customs were not amateurs. Azusa, the customs of the geisha of the big city, which is the address, was horrifying.
Moreover, because I was taught the house when I was in a difficult situation, Azusa felt like a big benefactor, even though it was small. Azusa was so impressed that Azusa wondered if her mother, who had died, had appeared and saved herself. Azusa's mother was a geisha. And under Tenjin is where he was born.
Although it has passed through many star frosts, it is said that the willows of Kashiko, the pine trees here, and the bathhouses have been around for a long time. 》 Is also singing, the eaves, the eaves, and the color of the soil are also singing. It's too much to wonder if this is the house where my mother used to live, and even though I lived for a while, it was a thick old house, Abaraya. Azusa drew a phantom in a picture, and thought that he would see it in his eyes. From the thought of this and that, I didn't know anyone, and when I thought that Chokichi at that time was a movie for my mother's palace, I went to a rice cracker shop. Even when my mother was in that age, I felt like I was in contact with the lively movie of the last century, even if I grew up here and in this way at that time. It was.
[# 5 indentation] Morning visit [# "Morning visit" is a big headline]
[# 7 indentation] Twenty-four [# "24" is the middle heading]
Azusa graduated from college, and the princess of French letters, Toshi, was greeted by Ryuko, who was two years older. Due to the landowner's convenience, the Kido of the hideout became a deadline for nailing, and the old house's graduation was no longer remembered. Looking around the outside of the premises, a dark open field was opened on the side of the town, which was different from the previous one, in the eaves of the liquor store's brewery. .. Most of the time, I wondered if I could lead to the old rented house from there, but it goes without saying that the friend and couple who were taken care of earlier moved to a hurry and went to know their whereabouts. In a place where there is no use, especially in the narrow open field where you eat the set "Gozen" facing each other, reach out from the window and borrow the soy sauce "Oshiji", the crest "Montsuki" It wasn't lied in a haori. When I couldn't enter and see it, and when I couldn't understand it, I became more and more nostalgic, but unlike before, after becoming Mr. Azusa Tamashi, the residence "Yashiki" The pick-up and drop-off is also awesome, and it catches the eyes of the people who come and go. In the bottom line, "separate". In the following books, "separate". "Kyoka Complete Works" (Iwanami Shoten, March 4, 1974, 2nd printing), "Kyoka Complete Works, Vol. 4" (Shunyo-do, September 25, 1918), "Yushima Shrine" (Shunyo-do) , November 23, 1902), "Yushima 詣" (Shunyodou Bunko, Shunyodou, October 20, 1947, reissue first edition)], but it is far away with the scent of flowers. The floor is once again "Hitoshio".
Azusa, with that feeling, in the land, and in front of Yushima | "Kakeando", a hanging light of "Kusai", which is a phrase of "Hototogisu". The clouds broke, and I met Chokichi again at Akebono, a new sumi-e painting of the remaining moon on Kozue.
As Wakakichi Tatsuda said at the tea party in the dormitory today, Azusa was helped by Chokichi in a sense at that time as well.
It's a trivial matter, but I brought it because I don't care about pocket money, even though I'm a bachelor of arts and a son-in-law of the Viscount Tamashii, who grew up in poverty. I didn't remember it, I didn't know that I had forgotten it, and maybe I dropped it.
(Don't send water.) And the bean-dressed earthenware "Kawarake" makes me look plump and young, and I can't find my bosom. There is no need to touch the 袂 "Tamoto". Not even on the left, not between the belts.
Involuntarily, I muttered and muttered.
(I don't know what happened.)
(Don't send water.)
Azusa has a bad rule, so
(Oh, oh.) I said suspiciously, but it was a kind of sensible thing, and I wasn't even scolded.
Children do the same thing
(Don't send water.)
(Well, he seems to have forgotten his pocket.)
Open your eyes, regardless of details,
(Don't send water.)
Azusa tried to retreat to the back without a position, even for a child with only six children, as Azusa had a sexual appearance. Standing behind him was a beautiful woman who was a velvet of Asamiri, who was innocently smiling and from the constant zone of Saiko. , Pull out the paper case wrapped in swelling paper, spread it on the palm, and open the paper case of the velvet brocade of the scarlet area, and then ring it with your finger. Pull out the green velvet velvet of the small toy, which looks like a paper sword, and open it with a snap, and the infant "Osanago" is in the sword. Innocently and happily, as if looking into the sword, while squinting his eyes tightly, he gazed at a small piece of silver and threw it away.
(There is also a part for the kid and the husband.)
Azusa became a kid.
The beautiful woman looked after her as a 《Enzen》
(You, come on, get your hands on it.)
Azusa arrived here, and while deciding to thank him afterwards, he sent out an opposition, like a doctor, in his beautiful hands, a glass of Shimizu, as if he were a pearl. If you irrigate something like "Tama" and crush it with a catalpa, it will be further irrigated.
(Don't worry about using my "Watai".) Calm down and look at Akinami "Nagashime" in a quiet manner, but a little on his back.
The end was pulled, the dedication hand towel 《Tenugui》, and there is still no handrail 《Tezuri》.
On a brown background, it was pulled out in white, and there was Sukiyacho, Yamato Indoor-Chokichi.
(Hey, I'm sure I'd like to thank you), Azusa began with a basket of heart.
(Oh, what is it?)
I pressed (No) and broke up and crossed over the paving stones. The pigeons that stayed on the roofs of the eaves of the frame hall, the eaves of the palace, the bottom of the torii gate, and the Mitarashi dango often rang here and there, and a few birds flew in between. Exchanged. There was no one around the voice of natto | Haruka. ――Two years during this time | Tonight's snoring of Utamakura.
[# 5 indentation] Outrageous [# "Outrageous" is a big heading]
[# 7 indentation] Twenty-five [# "Twenty-five" is the middle heading]
"I'm glad I'm a little tonight, I'm not here, so Shioume's Anbai is bad, and you haven't come for a long time, and I've been depressed all the time." became. It can be said that the change of mind is extremely quick, rather sharp. This woman's heart is beautiful and looks like a polished mirror. The moon, the flowers, the warbler, the soul of the soul, the coming, come out in color as they are. ..
Azusa is also nostalgic, nodding
"I heard that I was ill because I was just a little busy."
"Did you study hard?"
I casually answered, "Oh," but suddenly he seemed to be worried and made a face that didn't float.
Because I didn't notice anything, let alone Chokichi
"Yes, it's cheeky."
"Is it rude, is there something that people are studying but cheeky?"
"You don't have to get in a carriage, don't get bogged down. It's also bad if you bother."
"Because I can't eat if I'm lazy."
Chokichi disguised his innocent face as an extremely old-fashioned color, saying, "I'm okay because I'm a kid." Azusa seemed to feel something when he heard this, but he laughed at it and confused it with "wara".
"Thank you very much."
"Yes, that's it."
"But I'm not good at Koma Geta." I went cold and saw Chokichi, a kind of thing in my eyes. It was a basket of thoughts.
Chokichi didn't even think about it.
"Oh, oh, something different," he said.
Azusa reached here and fixed the residence "Izumai".
"No, don't say anything different, it's okay to be hidden, what's wrong with you, pine sushi?" No.
"I don't mind, it's fast, you're not the kind of person you care about, but it's funny to say something that seems to be innocent."
"What the hell is that?"
"Oh," he said, "Kima", and moved the muscles of his face that matched the man badly.
"That's what, because I don't know anything about it," he said, looking down and unknowingly tapping on his knees with a pipe. While
"Because it's just that, what's that guy? It's so pitiful that he cares about it, isn't it Chokichi?" I can see and smile.
Azusa turned away from her face, saying, "That's not the case, I'm hungry ...".
"Oh dear,"
Silence, after a while, Chokichi glanced at his face,
"Who did you ask and where did you know?"
"I heard something a little worrisome on the way, so I'm sorry."
"Do you know more on that?"
Chokichi had a surprised voice.
[# 7 indentation] 26 [# "26" is the middle heading]
"I don't want you to think bad, I know, you're the first to play. I thought it was a sushi because it's a business, but you're not good at it. However, there is no difference between those who like it, and those who like it, because there is no difference in the amount of imitation that they like, so please think that you liked it. It's okay if it's done. No, I don't think I'm suspicious, I'm not masculine, so I think it's true, I think I'm very fond of it. I thought I was sushi, and I'm still pretending to be a sushi man. I'm not doing Cheng Ji, but on the way, the pine sushi sushi rubbed against me, saying something strange. "
"No!"
Chokichi was in a rough tone, as if he had seen through the sword, humiliated him, and was sick of his inability to do so. Also, he himself was in danger and urged him to condemn him, and he was weak.
"Did you say something?"
"Nothing left," Kazuki once said.
Seriously, "Hey," Chokichi immediately took the age of three things, but suddenly changed his mind.
"Because it's really nice. In the West, everyone is fine. Also, I think it's natural in the countryside, I'm refreshed. is.
It didn't hurt my body, hey tonight, I raised the floor, and somehow, my niece, Mr. Hey, cooked red rice. And I drank a drink, wasn't it just a celebration? "
Chokichi seems to be suspicious when he sees Azusa's face that is not easy.
Azusa suddenly couldn't even speak the word, and was silent with his arm slammed.
"Yeah, what are you depressing, what do you mean by me, I can't?"
"You are good or bad,"
It's outrageous.
"Isn't it unavoidable?" Chokichi squinted his tight eyes and smiled with his lower eyes, but he raised his face and rolled it up.
"What's the most? Once you've done that, you can't have a child for the rest of your life. But you don't need a baby, Akanbo, crying and annoying. I didn't say that I didn't like it. However, it's cute that the three children, father and mother, speak cheeky, so from the other side. If I had to get it, it would be a hassle, and if I could make a cute mouth, I said that if I had a parrot, I would have a lot. "
Azusa was completely amazed and had no words.
Chokichi has a fluffy face,
"Look, don't you think it's okay, because I don't want a baby, either."
He leaned his body a little and put his hand on his chest as if he was instructing him while looking at the man with Akinami.
"I'm going to use this milk as a vegetable and eat this big one as rice," he said, squeezing his shoulders. Make a smile, smile, and shave your shoulders.
"I'm sorry, it hurts!"
[# 7 indentation] 27 [# "27" is the middle heading]
Azusa can't stand it,
When you say "butterfly," sharply, it's a story that always scolds you outside, and Chokichi supports his three fingers and crushes them to the target side. Show the luster of the hair wash with "Yakkomoto Yui" and "Glossy", and look down and be in awe.
"Don't worry about what you've called," he made a man's false voice, "Scared," and endured the laughter. Azusa, who was too weak, was full of chest, and because the woman didn't see her, her heart was loose, and her eyes were fluttering. However, when I took the plunge and approached, I struck my knee on my knee, and when I put my hand on my shoulder, I was suddenly awakened and amazed. Kneeling,
"Poor, yes, you were born in unhappiness, and you don't know anything about the world, so I won't blame you for anything. At this point, in front of me, I was deceived, double-sticked, and killed. , When I put out my tongue after saying "Aisozukashi", I didn't stand up "Hara" at all.
No, I'm regrettable, and even if I stand up, I don't say that you are inhumane.
If you think that this is ruthless or inhumane, it will be a shame, but you will say it without knowing it at all, and if you do it, it will not be inconvenient or anything.
So I won't say anything, but what is that? You're new to me, you're a boy, you don't know anything. Of course, I don't know at all whether the third is the lower one, the second is the upper one, and the knots are stretched or shrunk. I don't know if you're a connoisseur or a smart person from the fact that you're a connoisseur or a smart person, but if you're enthusiastic and don't wear a cotton-free kimono in this cold weather, it's poisonous to your body. I know that. And again, these geisha are said to be dragging cotton-filled things, and I know that you have gills.
It's easy to wear light clothes, and it looks good. It seems that things are wrong, ridiculous, and innocent, and even deliberately squeezed into saying that they are not lonely. I was glad that you told me incomprehensible, innocent, innocent, and innocent when I heard all the difficult caves. What was interesting, it was funny, no, it was Nagusami. It became more and more happy, and it became cute, and it became something like this, but it was a sinner if I knew the government "Okami". Yeah. There are a lot of people who get drunk when they are made to eat red rice while doing things that they can't even associate with. "While whispering, my hands got stronger with my voice, so Chokichi didn't have to look out of his face, and he was moving his lips to breathe.
Watch the situation,
"Sorry, I never blame it. As I said earlier, I don't think because you are you, but you are nineteen and I am twenty-five, seven different brothers. Well, I think I'm my sister, so don't ask. "
[# 5 indentation] Lower [# "Lower" is a big heading]
[# 7 indentation] 28 [# "28" is the middle heading]
I can think of it if it is done. Just a month ago, when I met him on the same Utamakura the night before, Chokichi didn't think about it, and he often abandoned him as if he wanted a child. I made it "Kikizute", but if I listened to the poisonous mouth of the pine sushi here, Azusa was unexpected, surprised and amazed, and I thought without mercy. It is.
Azusa once went to Shiohi from Chokichi's innocent mouth, walked around and drank water, and the seawater was salty. I was told that he discovered a great theory.
When I was scolded for playing a prank in my child, I ran out of the inside and slipped into the idiot of the neighborhood | When I was there, I didn't know who came after me, so I silently looked at him and went home, but my face is still on the face of my girlfriend. I was asked if I was asked.
Because of that, Chokichi walks on the front and hits the guy who thinks he is cheeky, so what should he do if the sissy and the other party get angry? If you do, you can't stand it because you're seriously telling me to jump into the twenty-five seats and jump the idiots when I'm about to hit. It's hard to believe that it's been nineteen now, but the childish heart that I say is still there. Speaking of a criminal offender who has an abortion, I don't know what it is, and if you have to be caught by your police officer and put in prison, the 25th seat again. It's not something that's been tampered with, as it's supposed to jump into the air.
Azusa added the depth of mercy to the more the upbringing "Oitachi" who did not understand the world by the way became known as they became familiar.
Chokichi is a benefactor. In particular, there is a memorial to Yushima who can't stand the feelings of nostalgia, and now some are dead and some are missing. All the thoughts about the cousin and sister who were dominated by the happy feelings were integrated on the one Chokichi who was in the same situation, and the focus of the feelings was gathered. It is not inconvenient to change it because it is there.
After knowing Chokichi's body in detail, I was struck by a feeling of so-called sympathy.
I thought Azusa was somehow similar.
Chokichi's mother was the daughter of a proper business in Kyoto, but the common phrase of Joruri is that her parents' unexpected husband is decided. So, when I was still in Edo, I came away with the Ronin of Tosa who had a conversation. While they are hiding in Negishi, they are called "Uchi" and "Tokiyo", and they lost their livelihood and became a songwriter "Utahime" in Nakanomachi. , Because Chokichi was made while going to Negishi.
The mother of Komochi also goes through the art, and when the little girl "Koonna" is brought in at the familiar "familiar" tatami room, she turns to the back "behind", puts the shamisen down, opens her bosom and includes her breasts. However, when Chokichi finally stood up and walked after his birth, in Negishi, his father fell to the floor of his illness, but he never woke up again. It was.
When he was three years old, his mother was a favorite customer of Kakigaracho, and his child, Tsureko, was known to be dropped. After setting up a house in Hamacho, for two years, Chokichi became able to say "mother" and "mother" with a nanny "onba" parasol.
[# 7 indentation] 29 [# "29" is the middle heading]
For a while, Yoneya-cho went crazy with the rising and falling of rice, and the owner of the house was a big mistake. He approached Chokichi's mother and told him to return with all the money ears that had just been dropped.
Chokichi's mother did not go against that and re-employed from Yoshicho because she had left the world to her destiny after the death of Negishi's lover, Ii Hito. Kaneko, who wasn't enough, sold his household goods and wasn't compensated yet, so he left Chokichi at Osakaya in Nakanomachi for 13 years.
As a convention of the Kuruwa's whore, the color is surely not sold, but it is okay to prepare it by any means for performing arts, because it promised to make it feel a little painful. It's out of the question to say that.
There was a group of three people in the tatami room, two geisha from the older sister's stock, and Chokichi, who took the lower part and went to the geisha. However, one day, on a snowy night, I once shook my hair and told Azusa the hardships of that time.
There is a tatami room, and most of the customers are after late night in that land. When the voice hung up, he quickly took the tatami mats of his two older sisters, lifted his back, squeezed the obi, and obidome. 》 To the string 《string》 of the long undershirt 《Nagajuban》 in order 《Align》 and put it out properly, and when you change your clothes, prepare the shamisen for two people with your hands. At that time, a brilliant and brilliant older sister, "Anee," said that while she was hanging a thread in front of the customer, she said that "Uchi" would also be fooled, and she told Date. Because I had a replacement shamisen-Shibari. Carry it to the called office of the blue tower, take a breath and turn back, hold the lower part in both hands and hang on.
Then, carry the shamisen of Shibari to the tatami room, adjust the tone, and as soon as you put it in, take it back and at the time when you want to squeeze the tone below the mochi. , Two people come in leisurely. I was suddenly struck while I was clearing the snow from my piercing, and when I went up to the tatami room, I was about to finish the sitting, and I had no time to put my hands on my knees. I'm blamed, but my fingers are torn and my hands are biting because it's cold. I'm out of breath and I don't have the power to swing a small drum over my shoulder anymore.
When I said this to Azusa, Chokichi got out of the floor and saw that he laid the sleeves of Tomozome's nightwear, and he stood on one knee with a long undershirt. Hold your hand over it and hold it
(I was so small that I didn't know where my body was because of the drums.) He said, holding one hand on his shoulder and holding a small drum. 》 It was fixed. The hair of the 鬢 《Bin》 was disturbed by its snow-like face, but Azusa had an indescribable color of sorrow with his eyes reminiscent of the past. I woke up with the collar of my sleepwear "Nemaki" straightened.
I can't stand my hips, and I sometimes pull back on my back, and I'm not sloppy. I pierce my butt with a burning chopstick. Then, let's stick to the edge of the tatami mat, and the hexproof that doesn't fall, I'm swearing in the shadows, and when I return, I pull my ears. I lie down with my palm. The punishment is to take the neck and lie down, and use a long smoke tube to squeeze the back. Not only when there was such a rough impression, but also when the kimono was folded and the spine was bent, it was a punishment, and when the dance was bad, it was hit and the body was scratched. Even though there was no end to Namakizu, the cold was chased by how to open it through the bones, and when the two returned, they went from kimono to shamisen, after clogs, and at dawn, they gave up their notebooks. , You can go around the blue tower "Chaya", so you can't fall asleep while you sleep.
[# 7 indentation] Thirty [# "30" is the middle heading]
It was noon, and the flute, drums, dance lessons, and tenarai were all one day, and it wasn't long before I was relieved.
I knew my real mother, but I didn't know where I had to know the age, and if I cried, I could twist the tip of my tongue, so I should shed tears. At that time, Kichi collapsed and wept.
Every time I saw a child on the other side of the bank, I saw a child being pulled by my mother, and I saw him playing in a fun way. I don't think it's an unexpected time, no matter why the human being is. At one point, when I saw 56 people scooping up their eyes with the sloppy water of the rice field, I couldn't stand the envy, so I also had to go back and forth. Instead of saying that I should pull up the hem, tie the skirt, and let me play, I entered the flow. Hey, the prostitute, the ladle, the tamajakushi, it's messy! A few people took their hands and feet and pulled them on their backs, so when they drank muddy water and turned into Masao, they should forgive this, suddenly with a thin string. It was rolled round and round, wet, and rushed into a high closet while being soaked. Half a day and until about 2 o'clock in the middle of the night, while it looks like a dead thing, please comfort me, my heart, the painful things, and the spicy things. At least, the guys in the town who suddenly turned around because they were prostitutes.
It's the time when the acne comes out, because everyone's "everyone" is spoiled, loved, and raised without the wind. This is to show parents crying, grab money, and have a woman come to play. Let's kick it, let's get rid of it, let's look back, let's deceive it, let's make a mess, let's rush to death. I wondered if it would be something to keep the bubbles from blowing, and then I was enthusiastic about it, and I proceeded with the lessons myself. I passed through, but the hard buds also became flowers, and later I was able to call myself an older sister and make a book, and it became Niwaka in autumn. One that is not pushed even if it goes out to the tatami room, the ground is Kiyomoto, the pretend is a Hanayagi license, and the flaw is Namakizu. It's Chokichi who has learned the phrase "Monku" that kills customers, and it's okay if you train it with and perform tricks, come on!
I have a habit of seeing flowers and the moon, and I'll show you things such as livestock trying to comfort a living woman. I hate it because the tip of the Kanzashi is sharp. If you get angry and are about to be killed, you can crush the eyeballs of your opponent, Medama, and run away from your body. "Ryubi" Star Eye | Fire * [# "Making a Flower + Flame", Level 3 1-87-64] "Kaen" lips. How dingy, deaf, red-eyed, how dingy, deaf, red-eyed, can you start to stare at one side of the heavens as a cane, instead of slamming the complaints of a full cavity. An old woman wearing a rag wears a cane and asks for a sword, and her mother, Umi, has a serious illness. , The remnants of "Nagori" are like "Oshi".
A mother who wants to meet her dreams, an old man, and a body that trembles in her hands and feet, and a riding arm car that is tailored separately from her grandmother, Noriaiguruma. Koishikawa | Fingers | Taniya Town I arrived at a poor tenement house, and I stumbled upon it. I was so happy that my mother, "Old man" and Mine (childhood name), made a voice under my breathing. The mother opened her eyes once when she tied the ball cord that was going to die that day to Chokichi's hand.
Even if you look around at a glance, it goes without saying that the doctor can't take care of the wind medicine "Kazagusuri". After returning to Japan, he was a little younger, so he made a tribute by borrowing money, but he was a prostitute who couldn't stay for half a day. Whether it's asking for a caretaker or caring for a doctor, Kitasato, Koishikawa's waist, and Koishikawa's waist, and the thinness of the skin, cut off the saltiness, and life. I shortened it and made it clear.
[# 5 indentation] Mad dog Genbei [# "Mad dog Genbei" is a big headline]
[# 7 indentation] 31 [# "31" is the middle heading]
On the morning of the 7th day, I was allowed half a day of free time by my husband, Kaenushi, and when I visited Araya in Koishikawa again, I visited Abaraya on the 3rd. However, the color of the lips became purple because the nigiri fist, which was raised up to the place of Hatoo, did not pass up or down, through the night and day. When I was rubbed with Chokichi's hand, I was able to sleep comfortably because of my gratitude. After about three hours, I felt like I had forgotten about my illness, and when I got up with my chest pressed against the pillow, Chokichi had seen his face since he was born. is there.
(I often go to Kikuniya.)
Chokichi said that face, Kaodachi, and his mother called silk.
I entrusted my daughter to Osakaya, and after cultivating herself in Yoshicho, I earned a lot of money and broke down my debt, and in about five years I took off myself. There was something to take care of, and I put out the god lantern on my own, but there was a thing that I would like to leave one of the good hugs, but my mother said this. I'm sure it would be a good idea to rescue Chokichi with dirty money at the place where I was able to make a living with income by looking at myself. There is no end. In addition, I have been working twice, and I may fall deeper, and it is not the number that I can take from Nakanomachi with the money to put a prostitute and earn with my hands. By the way, even though the person's deep cut did not reach the point where he dropped his daughter, he did a piece of money for Kata Hima, who spends his time alone with a female arm. Even if you accumulate "Gane", Chokichi's body is not easily purchased. For example, even if I could do that, I wouldn't be able to cooperate with my mother, but also the great will of Tendou. Let's save Chokichi's body with the hands of Kamihotoke, that is, during the ghost, and eventually the mother and daughter will not be exempt from the muddy water business. It is related to the world of the former "Saki". The owner of the mother, who thought that it was because of the guilt of "Tsumihoroboshi", was-Genbei Maguro--a mad dog named "Yamainu", who lives in the back Nagaya of Hanakawado Town. Oyaji, who takes care of Hiyotori, a rice shop.
The migrant 《Watarimono》 was swayed and earned at some rice shops, and silk went to collect the wages. Hashiba Imado's surroundings, not to mention the main office, Shimotani, and even the faraway Nihonbashi area, not only have to walk with sandals, but also boil and cook. However, I had to wake up in the dark in the morning, and tow my legs until night, because I was one of the cute people, whether I was drawing water or using sandals. After collecting the wages of the day laborer, when I returned home, I drank the sake of my parents, replaced the lid of the moxibustion, and put my shoulders on my shoulders. Rub it, put it on the pillow, then take a walk, each one, three on the second floor, five in the store, and stay in the room. Allocate to the earned amount of the passers-by who come to Japan, and spend the pocket money "kozukai" to put in the roof fee. This calculation is done on the abacus, pulling five, leaving two, and even if there is a difference of only three, grab the skeleton, grab it, and drag it down. I have an abacus husband, so I sit in the abacus until late at night, and when I'm exhausted, I take a breath with a snout. I played the abacus.
What! Even if you practice dancing, take a disciple of the shamisen, or spend your time in peace and cleanliness, even if you are thrown into hell and have a hard time, it is not so much. I think that it wasn't that I dared to take care of my own suffering in the fallen hell, but that I did something that almost cut off my life. The story of the time when the mother said that it was for Chokichi.
[# 7 indentation] 32 [# "32" is the middle heading]
Although it would have been destined to do so even if he proceeded on his own, I didn't really think about it, [# "," is "." In the bottom line. In the following books, ",". "Kyoka Complete Works" (Iwanami Shoten, March 4, 1974, 2nd printing line), "Kyoka Complete Works Vol. 4" (Shunyo-do, September 25, 1918), "Yushima Shrine" (Shunyo-do) , November 23, 1902), "Yushima 詣" (Shunyodou Bunko, Shunyodou, October 20, 1947, reissue first edition)] Long-standing sorrowful acid, 1 | Since there is no cheap time for "Itoma", silk is exhausted both physically and mentally, and I started to worry about it about a month before that, and when I got to the floor and had no freedom of legs, my husband | Mad dog " Yamainu >> Genbei expelled this outdoors. I didn't have the power to contend with it, and I didn't have a way to point to it. The child of "Ko" used to be a rice bowl, and Genbei hung it in his hand, and he took care of the natural silk. I was raised by "Sneak" and am currently struggling, so even before that, I received a kindness from silk because of the edge of "Segare". Elderly people don't forget their gratitude and take care of them at home, but it goes without saying that they are struggling with their livelihood, and they are too deaf to use. I wondered what it would have been like to be a silk man who could ask for nursing, which I couldn't even say was full of water, and even though I knew this, I didn't have to take care of it overnight. How was Chokichi's spirit? It is at that time that people grudge against the gods and Buddha.
While I was here and there, it was past noon, so the elderly diligently set up a set of shapes, and the vegetables Kazu were fried on the eye stabs at that time. ..
(Mother "Okka" * [# "Fire + Co", 3rd level 1-87-42] "Abu", let's raise it), silk is Issei's idea "Omoide". During the period of intellectual death, Chishigo showed mysterious eyes and leaned into the brazier as if he was fluttering. It's almost summer, but because it's cold, the elderly are in danger, and when they try to cover the kelp-like futon from behind, it looks like it's dirty. If I didn't have a good feast, I would take it and repel it, so Chokichi knew that he would take off his haori and put it on.
(Because I'm a familiar person, my mother looks good on me.) While looking at her happy face, silk shakes her hands while ripening a lot of back and front. Look at it,
(Mine-chan, you're wearing a cheeky thing, right?) Chokichi's mother, who was erected in Nakanomachi and Akimachi with the spirit of Edo in the scent of Kyoto in her hometown, is only three years old. Thirteenth, the last trouble, and that evening, the man said that he should think for himself, and in the Japanese men and women, and in the yard, only Chokichi. I left it. When water came out from Koishikawa Yanagmachi to the depression of Maruyama, the cart flowed to the joist and hit the floor. When I broke it, the old woman in the case drowned and died. Since there is no one to bury this, Chokichi buried it in the same temple, thanks to his mother's death.
The tombstone of the seal cannot be erected yet, but I always visit it when I can, and before Azusa wasn't there, I could only take it to the tomb. It was the most enjoyable experience.
Chokichi opened his hand to Azusa, who believed that it was a match for the dead silk, one night. When I heard that the tip of my finger was dyed in color and turned red and the blood was soaked in it, I heard that I had an incense stick with my wet hand when I visited the grave today.
(I ate a set with my mother, "Oka", only once since I was born), and cried. Azusa didn't think about it because his hands were cold, and he held it firmly in his chest.
(What is the sect?)
(I dont know.)
(Ask me, isn't it?)
(Because it's funny.)
(Then what do you worship?)
(I'll do my best to Namu Amida Butsu.)
Azusa didn't let go, thinking that this woman would cry in front of the grave alone, with this body and this figure.
[# 7 indentation] 33 [# "33" is the middle heading]
"Why is it abandoned? On top of that, Chokichi has seen the world with grudges, grief, and resentment since he was a child. 》 So to speak, as a revenge, I have many with my arms ｜ Yujiro 《Yuyaro》 is killed, the flesh 《Mi》 is slaughtered, and the blood is slaughtered. With that, he tried to heal the pain of his soul, but he did not fulfill his ambitions as if he had met his mother's death, and he said that he would still turn to a man and make a fool of himself. Of course, he offered it to Azusa with a compliment, and he said that the house was spilled, the tree was cut down, and the sea was cut. Was dried, the mountain was destroyed, the people were slaughtered, and the woman was the lord of the exiled country who was raped, and remembered the attempt of revenge. The suffering of Shintan was exhausted, but he forgot about Hari, abandoned his morale, and instead begged me for sadness and asked for a piece of sympathy. There is nothing to mourn for mercy. Whatever it is abandoned. Chokichi borrowed it during the period when he was left with a small amount of blood, and after seeing off his mother. There was no news to the world, and he became too lonely and abandoned, and he drank a little more and more on a daily basis. After getting drunk in the tatami room of the blue tower, I fell asleep on the night dew in Kyomachi late at night. The moon shined, the flesh was blue, and the bones were white. When a worker of "Yukiki" found a worker who came and went and held it in Osakaya, he noticed that it became cold and frosted, but suddenly he inserted it into "Munasaki" in front of his chest. After the arrival of "Sashikomi", I became ill and suffered from anguish about three days later. At the end, the pain was so intense that I could scream even if I squeezed it. It was annoying to scratch the tatami mats and roll around, and the owner, Kaenushi, tied his limbs, screwed a hand wipe into his mouth, and screwed it in. Saying that he was aware, he took off his foot bag and placed moxibustion between the thumbs of his feet, "Oyayubi". Even now, when it remains vivid, Chokichi regretfully shook his shoulders, shook his shoulders in a yukata, and aligned his legs with a small claw tip. While showing, tears float in my eyes. When I found that the paper of the fusuma of the waiting room was torn in the shape of a crab, I bent the thumb of my extended leg and bent the thumb of my extended leg, and the breach of the case was broken. 》,
(It looks like it's okay if it's repaired, what's the matter, what's the matter?)
Azusa's face and nose were squeezed, and with tears in her eyes, Chokichi gladly stared at her eyes. Azusa will never forget that. Why would Azusa be abandoned by the orphans who have no love, no stagnation, and no stools?
Chokichi is at that time | The treatment of the innocent caretaker does not become flat, and the insects that cannot be overwhelmed are rushing. By the way, I came to the inn under Tenjin. While choosing the destination, Yanagibashi or Yoshicho, there was something I recommended in secret. This is a secret of the world, but one hairdresser, two needles, one chef, one doctor, twelve women, and three caretakers led by the president. I went to an exposition in Paris or Chicago to show a Japanese woman. The place is also a rose in the flowering area, and the vermilion shunuri is also tied. The daily salary is 3 yen a day, and the promise of October is Totsuki. How is it? Azusa, who had died in Tokyo and had a body that wouldn't say who he was, was already a spectacle, and Azusa suddenly saw him in front of the bathhouse. It was so helpful that I was able to enjoy myself with the "Kedamono". Even when talking about that, Chokichi shook the giant while sitting down,
(I thought I'd show it like this.)
Azusa blows out too much,
(Why don't you say that this is the female gamecock?)
(First of all), there was a slight amount of humor and shallowness.
"On days when I'm not with you, butterflies, you can't see any eyes," Azusa exhaled.
"He did something that flew away, such as abandoning it and having to part with him, dropping the child," he said, holding Chokichi's nape. In order to talk about my red heart, as if to include it by chewing, I hit here the heartfelt feelings of mercy and love that have been touched, occasionally, and moved for a long time. He spoke after dawn.
Chokichi, in the middle of listening, changed the color, and every time he pierced his heart, he almost couldn't bear to see his face. It looked like he was sleeping, and he turned his face to the left and right, but Azusa's hand, voice, words, and sincerity became more and more powerful. Therefore, there is no body, no world, no movement, and by the time we reach this point, the fruit, the end, is terrified and has a low head. Then, the bangs that I dropped on my arm were cool, so the ephemeral dew of the hand-folded Jorohana "Ominashi" was blown away by the wind of the melancholy world. It responds to your chest.
[# 7 indentation] 34 [# "34" is the middle heading]
"I think I'll have to see crying from the beginning to the beginning, and I'm sure I'll have to see no crying from beginning to end, so let's talk about breaking up this time. Every time I come here, what you say and do is something that makes me think more and more. I take another dose of numbness. It seemed to be drunk.
Now that I can't stay at my house, I'm drawn into Yanaka, and I'm smashed, so no matter what people say, I don't care about the world or my in-laws, please with you. I heard that I flew to a place where I was extremely prepared to do so.
Butterfly, you don't know why, so I don't know anything about the world, but those who have had an abortion didn't know that this was sin or shame, Even if my heart is rotten, I can't live with two people, if I'm a human being, and at least I'm wearing a skin. Speaking of this, I'm sure it would be a grudge against me, but as always, those who are doing business like you are brothers and cousins, and everyone. I was taken care of by "everyone". For some reason, I've also benefited you, so I understand the reason. It's ok to look like this, but I've been in a carriage, and you're all right. I've been afraid of it, but I've never told you to use it with a big voice. I'm not so quiet and unreliable, so I'm kind of unsatisfied, scold me sharply, and I want to raise a tantrum and wrestle a single profile, you're a geisha I was always told that it would be okay if one man fell in love with that much. From beginning to end with my hometown | I wrote to a woman who is a toy for a person by taking a flight, so if you get a letter, knowing that you are not in a position to do such a thing, I replied in a similar way, I wasn't in a good mood, and I didn't want to take it in and become a good man.
I don't care about the appearance, even if I know the cave, I think that I was really taken care of because I came from within the child, and I really thought that I was a friend. I think it's cute and inconvenient, so I didn't even think about the front and back.
I thought from the bottom of my heart that you were a fine woman, a princess, a princess, and a wife, a mother. I don't flatter anything. A woman is a ball without a man, so it doesn't have to be called an older sister by any person, but then I tried to make him fall in love with him, or to like him, and then toys. 》.
Isn't it the same translation as the duck, which is to fertilize and eat the food that is acceptable? I don't know if this is a U-Jin or a young people in the town, and I'm sure you're the only geisha who really fell in love with something with a small status.
Think of it and give it up because it is a posterity. It's safe to say that Kazuki was my good man. And you can see that there was a so-called "small" that wasn't called "I" and that I broke up. It's not a shame for you, so I wonder if it's a solution.
Now that I've taken a little more age, and when I've got a little sensible, I realize that it wasn't too difficult, and I realize that I've done it, and my heart is known, so I just take care of my body and take it lightly. Don't give momentum and be patient. I won't abandon it when I say goodbye, and I'm thinking about it forever, "said Kazuki. Chokichi is like a dead person.
[# 7 indentation] 35 [# "35" is the middle heading]
"I don't say bad things, so I'm going to wear something that doesn't contain cotton, and as always, it's getting hotter and I'm going to eat ice yawns over rice. And then stop drinking alcohol, you have to be careful, you're in trouble this year. "
I said gracefully, but suddenly I realized that I loosened my hand,
"Is it drunk? Isn't it cold?"
"No," said Chokichi in a small voice at the inner end, as if thinking about something.
"Well, it's bad if it gets cold again."
"Yes." Without innocence, without secret, he confesses and replies as if he is arriving. For example, when Azusa hears this voice, he thinks about it and becomes merciless.
"Is your body really good?"
"Yes,"
"You're a crap, you have a strong nose, and you're violently violent, but I'm worried because you're a full-scale sissy. Would you like to fight? "
Chokichi forcibly smiles with one cheek while trying to cry, "Fufu."
"Are you just dreaming of your mother," Old Man "?"
Chokichi turned away from the face, saying "Yes," and found a fiery scarlet noodle on the blue back of the bamboo blind of the ox cart. Then, pull it out and wipe your eyes.
"Don't say anything, my chest is full, it's funny, hey," he said, removing the cuffs, but his eyes were tight * [# "eyes +"爭 ”, 3rd level 1-88-85] 《Mihira》, as if to look at Azusa, he looked at the other person 《Mitsu》,
"Oh, no, I can't."
Also, look down and close your eyes.
"You, you, please let go."
The voice seemed to disappear.
Azusa was known to have calm Chokichi's heart anyway, and let go of it as it was, but I thought that the body of a woman who was almost disappointed would fall behind.
Chokichi was ecstatic and looking at Azusa's face with his hands on his knees, but with a thin voice,
"you,"
"What's wrong,"
"Don't look at your face because you're a posterity."
Azusa involuntarily turned away from the face, [# "," is "." In the bottom line. In the following books, ",". "Kyoka Complete Works" (Iwanami Shoten, March 4, 1974, 2nd printing), "Kyoka Complete Works, Vol. 4" (Shunyo-do, September 25, 1918), "Yushima Shrine" (Shunyo-do) (November 23, 1902), "Yushima 詣" (Shunyodou Bunko, Shunyodou, October 20, 1947, reissued first edition)] When I saw that the light was dark, the thin and thin Susuki, the mournful Jorohana, and the Kikyo were in full bloom, and the moon was in the black cloud sky. The dim light "Akari" stands on the double-folded "Byobu" of Akikusa, which is tilted and cannot be seen by the illuminator, and is illusory and lonely.
"I'm crying, so it's okay to look over there?"
Azusa got cold from his head, but when he turned down and nodded, Chokichi turned away and the shadow was reflected on the folding screen, holding his chest firmly.
The kimono's pretense was approaching from both sides, and I became thin. The small fingertips were visible from the shoulders, crushed, and Shimada's turbulence was about to flutter, but he was fluttering and ripe, but he collapsed as if he had broken. He became like a deflated shoulder, killing his voice and crying. Azusa didn't endure, and became a back-to-back. The two stunned and thin figures entered the autumn grass of the case, and when they saw that they moved without the wind, one went to the tatami mat, one went to the wall, and the shadow of the tatami room broke up. It is.
[# 5 indentation] Half-bill Ensuke [# "Half-bill Ensuke" is a big headline]
[# 7 indentation] 36 [# "36" is the middle heading]
Ensuke, a rakugo storyteller of the Sanyu school, who opens the lattice door of the Yamato family with a shout of "Well, hey," A good boy who cuts the truth in the tatami room and hits the truth in the yose if convenient. However, when this man is true, he always issues a half-bill "Hanfuda" to the Gosadaren, so the common name is the half-bill yen. Suzumoto unfortunately didn't serve as a companion to the transfer, and he wasn't killed by the sake, and he said he couldn't make it to his sister, Imoto, when he returned home. So, because it's a neighborhood, I often stop by the Yamato family. By the way, when you first look at the familiar "familiar" complexion "Ganshoku" from under the lantern,
Some responded by making a strange voice in front of the long fire bowl, saying "Yeah!". Hey, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Not at all. Not at all. Yushima Tenjin | Nakasakashita's pine sushi sushi sushi Gen-chan. Playing with a girl without spending this man's money makes me realize that I can't stand it. Dive under the sacred lanterns of Sukiya-cho, like a swallow every night, especially in this Yamato family, there is a woman named Chokichi, who is a geisha. It's not just a single entry, but a shoji screen in the other side, and a geisha's errand, a geisha's errand, and a geisha's helper. In addition to doing shoji, when there is a gap, he combs the hair of his cat in front of a long fire bowl. If you're lucky, you can pull the sleeves of the chicks and hit the maid's buttocks. Chokichi eats his elbow, and his head burns a pair of clogs in his pocket, and he tries to eat a child's child. I was struck by my sister's sister, "Anego," and I put in an apology with a flat spider, "Hiragumo," and since then, I'm sure [# "Surely" is "Kitsuto" in the original. ". In the following book, "Popularity". "Kyoka Complete Works" (Iwanami Shoten, March 4, 1974, 2nd printing), "Kyoka Complete Works, Vol. 4" (Shunyo-do, September 25, 1918), "Yushima Shrine" (Shunyo-do) , November 23, 1902), "Yushima 詣" (Shunyodou Bunko, Shunyodou, October 20, 1947, reissue first edition)] , I'm coming tonight as well.
Unfortunately, all the beards are not working, the maid is busy, the older sister goes out to the servant, the ashes of the brazier are beautiful, and the note. 》 After that, the water in the iron kettle will boil, so I wondered what happened to the cat, stroking it, rubbing it, and listening to it. When I handle it in various ways, such as pulling it, counting the number of beards, and dealing with it in various ways, I'm not silent as a brute, and I scream with Nyaa. I hugged him to let him go, and he bite into the neck ring, grabbed it, and suddenly came up with the idea, "Milk of gratitude snow." The stub of the case was quick to the place where the pretentious "Kidori" and the unfamiliar side "Tsura" were intentionally made.
"Welcome to the master," greets the people in the various affairs.
Swallowing 《Miko》, Ensuke hit the area ※ [# “eyes + phrase”, 4th level 2-81-91] 《Miwa》,
"Hey, I see, unfortunately, I haven't been sympathetic to you, but where is your mother-in-law?"
He said, "This is it again," and put his finger on the center of his face, which was hollow, and cut the ring of his near glasses straight, and his finger One. What changed my mind, Takumi, tonight, he said, "Ina", a three-shoulder hanten, but a hanten, a cigarette, and an ivory. I have to show you the personality of the person in the cylinder.
Ensuke rubs his slender knees with his palms from the top of the thin, thin, flat crepe of Komon Chirimen to his kneecaps. 》 Three times to drop it, and then slump down,
"Well, haya."
[# 7 indentation] 37 [# "37" is the middle heading]
"What's wrong, I'm a little disappointed, can't I make a new woman, Shiniro?" Said Genjiro, leaning against the shamisen pillar.
Ensuke hangs on his earlobe again, handles his cheeks, and lifts it up.
"No, first of all, hahaha, sometimes what's wrong with your fall, is it a tatami room?"
"It seems that it's far away."
"Oh, it's a long way out, let's get rid of something, let's get rid of it, I'm a color man." Always squeeze your crotch,
"What's the point of stopping this, it's boring. Even if it looks like this, it's hard, so hey, hey."
"Yeah, hard work!"
Holding his hand in a big way, he warped sharply,
"Come, captain, I'm afraid, thank you. You've had a hard time, brute, grace, grace, grace."
"Let's get rid of it when I get home," he says with a laugh.
"this is!"
"No, my mentor, Kushigi, has stopped, and as long as Chokichi returns, there's a size that I'm sure there will be a full line of sushi. , An eel or a bird, the middle part is Okamasa, but it's supposed to be an Iyo crest, but I'm a sushi restaurant! I couldn't go, and I'll be there someday, well, wait. "
"Surely,"
"Yes, I'm sure."
He shouted, "Awesome!" And lowered the skylight "Atama", but he said "Kima" properly.
"Well, which one, I can't wait for this."
"It's Hatchobori."
"It's far away. From what time."
"I'm going from the night of the day before yesterday, I'm going to cut it, I'm the same," he said, "Hey, the messenger came and I'm going home at the latest tonight, hey, Masu. The day before yesterday. "
With the voice of the maid from herself
"Oh,"
"Hey, hey, wealth" Fu-chan. "
In the middle of the next room, toward the tray, pull the rice bowl "Ohachi" and the tea clay bottle, and rely on the light "Akari" of this "Konata", and the child "Osanago" The sorrowful chick, Oshaku, who had been scratching in the form of an autumn night eating alone,
Answer "Yes," and drink with a surprise.
"Is it sure?"
"I'm sure."
The door was open from the time I said "I occupied it!"
Ensuke looked back,
He shouted, "Well, come back!", Opened the seat, and turned around.
Genji stretched his neck and stretched his neck
"Who are you?"
"Mr. Chokichi, who was this?"
Genji dropped the cat and sat down again.
Chokichi came back as something terrifying, but his hair was disturbed and his face color was stunned. I was squeezed in the front hanging, the obi of the ginkgo biloba, and the hanten of the ginkgo biloba, which was usually dressed as normal. Ginkgo biloba and Toshihiro looked old, and their cheeks looked thin, but they seemed to be lonely and didn't touch their armpits. Don't even look at me, I went upstairs and tried to go up, but Ensuke ginkgoed and made a slight difference. To,
"Go home."
Just saying, "I'm home," tons, tons, tons.
[# 7 indentation] 38 [# "38" is the middle heading]
"I'm not in a good mood. Your complexion is scary, it's terrible, it looks like the Hanafuda is running, is the feast flowing?" It was.
"No, the master, the treat doesn't come close to the game. However, it's this section that is in a bad mood, Shinta" Tokoroten "[# Ruby's" Tokoroten "is" Tororoten "in the bottom. In the following book, "Tokoroten". "Kyoka Complete Works" (Iwanami Shoten, March 4, 1974, 2nd printing), "Kyoka Complete Works, Vol. 4" (Shunyo-do, September 25, 1918), "Yushima Shrine" (Shunyo-do) Bunko, Shunyo-do, October 20, 1947, reissued, 1st edition, Akiyuki)] "
When he said, "After all ..." and swallowed it, Genji silently nodded.
Lower your voice,
"Why is it true that one case was known to that teacher, Kazuki, and he stood out from the other side?"
Genjiro didn't ride, as he didn't want to hear "Oh,".
"I see | If you put all the sticks together, it's a pair of chicks, but there is a step in your status. Isn't it that he's a grandmother? No matter how young his comrades fell in love with each other, you, you, hung on a geisha with that status, and even a mansion came out. There were some sticks in the world, so I thought that Ensuke stopped going to college and became a rakugoka. No, when I heard that I had fallen a child when I couldn't even make an appearance in the world, I heard that I had cut off my ties. Even if I'm two years old, the one who studied "the guy" and "Kaname" are good, it's a big deal, and when I look at it, it seems that the butterfly isn't the only one who fell in love with him. Isn't it likely that "Yori" will return? "
"Why isn't she a depressed woman with a little pulse?
"I see, when you look at it, it's a geisha party. It's the essence of the geisha, the geisha, and the geisha. At the time of childbirth, the intestines are hanging, and even if you say it in your mouth, it's not smart. I wanted Otowaya to listen to me, so that woman, Ko, took it to a place where she had no love, lifted her up, and made her aware of it. "Ura" is a geisha that seems to be rare. What are you aiming for?
And Ensuke was disappointed again, Genji was calm and clear,
"I'm worried about my teacher, but I'm skeptical."
"Because, look at that miracle, Goro, I'm sure it's wrong, Chige, hey, Hanafuda ran in Hatchobori, and the grudges overlapped with China. Come on, this is a grudge. "
"Of course, it's my companion."
"Hey, you don't feel like you're being treated too much."
"There is, there is, there is, while being ridiculous, it is in the direction of Gen-chan."
"Then I'd like you to get the most" one "bill," Ensuke said.
"Bills | Good. If you don't guess, Master, how about giving this? Hehe, I don't think it's a squeeze."
I wanted to show it a little, so I pulled out the "cigarette" from the case "Kudan". Ensuke hits back and twists,
"If you make a mistake, there are no two words for the samurai who have this waist in the foreground."
"No, it's an Edo kid," he said, "I'm scared," and it's definitely "flat."
Ensuke bowed with a loud voice, "Are you strong?" And raised his face in amazement.
From the second floor, with Chokichi's voice,
"Fu-chan! Tomi-chan."
[# 5 indentation] Inuhariko [# "Inuhariko" is a big heading]
[# 7 indentation] 39 [# "39" is the middle heading]
He replied with a pull, saying, "Hey.", And the chick stood with the set "Zen" slid, and faced under the stage child "Danbashigo". Tilt, cute,
"What, 姐" Hey "."
"Well, I'm Watai tonight | Shioume Anbai is bad, so no matter where you come from, everyone in the tatami room should refuse, and I'm sorry if Mr. 姐 returns. I was lying down first. "
"Okay."
"Yes, it's okay."
Chokichi was standing vaguely in front of the tansu, with a feeling of being unwilling to do anything until then.
Tell the chicks, cut the tatami room into diagonal licks, turn back from the upper mouth to the front of the chest, and the first drawer will open halfway. There was. Chokichi stood up with an opposition,
"Oh, I know if I opened it,"
I muttered without thinking. A picture of Kazuki is always leaning against the drawer.
After being cut off, even if people don't see it, even if Kazuki doesn't know it, Chokichi somehow doesn't seem to be selfish even to see the picture. It's ephemeral, so I dare to say that I'm afraid now, and it's hard to increase my thoughts, so I don't want to see the ghost. I feel like I shouldn't look at the appearance of a person who was said to have been cut off because of a mistake in his body.
I put my hand on the edge of the drawer, and while hesitating, I tried to stretch out and peep like a scary thing, closing my eyes. I hung a drawer to support it, and when I ate something delicious that I had to lower it from this photo, I couldn't stand it anymore, and when I turned to Konata, my back As soon as it closed, my soul was pulled out, or I didn't even know it, and I hid my face with both hands, turned down, and cried as it was.
After a while, raise your face as if it had been revived.
In the corner of the other side, the hem of Tomozome's shaving doll leaked from the small double-folded doll of the chick's folding screen. It is a doll written by Chokichi that the lonely and gorgeous corpse is lying down as a lonely lonely doll without the wind hitting the light. Kakumaki always judged the Nagajuban, which was dyed with the Goshoguruma, which was sleeping with Kazuki, but with the back of the red silk, the wisteria color | The hem of the crepe, the hem of the crepe, and the new cotton are put in, and the collar of the velvet is hung, and two pieces of the Honbakihachi futon. To the place where the tatami mats were divided into six parts, the folding screen, the pillows, and the small ones were laid down, and on the ceiling, the Inuhariko, and the magnificently large four-legged Yotsuashi, were hung. It didn't move, and it was a one-piece ｜ papier-mâché, and the quality was that even if you wanted to ride a bicycle, you wouldn't even want to bring a doll. The relationship with Kazuki was cut off due to the fall of the child, and when the cause and effect were included, I knew the sin for the first time. I'm trying to apologize until I catch up with the child who sent things from darkness to darkness. When you wake up, you change your kimono as if you love something that is alive. Hugging and showing the windmill "Kazaguruma", putting it in the pocket "Futoshi" and pressing small milk "Otsutsu", putting the pillow on the pillow and trying to sleep It's like madness.
[# 7 indentation] Forty [# "40" is the middle heading]
"Oh, the skylight is heavy, my chest hurts, my body is swaying, I'm going to sleep now."
Chokichi puts on a pillow, lays down while wearing it, stretches the hem, and wraps his toes, but he wears a ball-like arm as a doll. Throw it on the pillow, and bring your cheeks close to each other.
"Boy, a little, what's wrong with my mother, I can't do it, I've completely pulled a flower and lost. I didn't sleep at all for two nights, the skylight broke. It's kind of bad, you're in the cave, you're in a troupe of six people, the light is shining through, and when you're suffocating, you'll sprinkle vinegar on it. Seems to be dying. After being scolded by your father, I thought I wouldn't draw any flowers, so I had to boil the water, so I had to drink it, but my mother. Ka-chan had some free time, but even if she took good care of her body, she wouldn't get stuck. So, from the beginning, when you abandoned me, I'd like to do it. I don't know what's going to happen, even though it's all over, I've been slamming, and he told me not to do anything light-hearted. I don't know. I have to draw even a five-yen flower that comes to the skylight, and I don't know if I'm alive by myself.
But hey, if you throw yourself and die, it seems that you've made an effort, and you may be worried about it, and if you're exhausted, it's bad if you don't follow him even after you die. I'm not saying that I'm not afraid of anything, it's because of the in-laws of the world, but it doesn't seem to be selfish.
Because I want to die early anyway, I don't care about anything. Boy, if you're alive, it's okay, but I'm just fluttering and I don't say anything, I don't care about Hariai. If I die, I will speak to you because it is dead and dead. I didn't understand it at all, so I'll endure it, and my dad said so, so boys and you were doing terrible things, both demons and snakes. You may think, but please be patient and say "Mother". "
I was pickpocketing, but I was surprised to see it on my back, holding my hand over the thin light, Tomoshibi.
"Oh, I'm thin. I've been doing it all night, and I can't get into the hot water, so it's getting black. It's okay if I gradually lose weight and disappear."
When I grabbed the cuffs and patted it down to the shoulder side, the kimono that had been stretched up was squeezed, and the upper arm was also exposed. Just biting into the soft skin "Yawahada", the arm guard "Velvet" of the velvet fastened with gold | metal fittings "Kanagu", the acronym "Kashiraji" of the god moon in the secret, called God Is carved.
Chokichi was ecstatic with his clean eyes. * [# "Eyes + 爭", 3rd level 1-88-85] "Miha" became ecstatic, but when he raised his pillow Suddenly, I bite as if I had forgotten. Chew your arm guard, shake your head, shake your hair,
"I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry! I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry to break up." 》 I
"Isn't it okay to look at a photo? Isn't it okay? Yeah, it's okay. I'm already."
When I tried to get up, I noticed a stunned "blurred" Inuhariko.
With a sigh of "Huh," I sank on the pillow again, but I struck my tongue and
"Come on!"
And 縋 《Suga》
"I'm going to the edge, boy, come on, milk."
However, I couldn't see it, and when I looked at it, I opened my pocket and brought a plump white one, and the doll's face didn't disappear.
[# 5 indentation] Chest [# "Chest" is a big headline]
[# 7 indentation] 41 [# "41" is the middle heading]
"Oh, it's weird," he was surprised and became a kid, but Chokichi noticed that he had hidden the doll's face with the collar of the doll. It was.
"Well, it seems that you could see your face from a while ago, so I wonder if it was a ghost."
Involuntarily, I looked around as a terrifying thing, but with a smile,
"You're cheeky because I think you're a little sick," he said, and when he tapped on the wound, his hand sank softly and there was no response.
I just thought, "Oh," but when I gently took off my collar and looked up the scary roll, it turned over like a peony. There is no piece of paper between them.
Chokichi didn't know,
He screamed, "Fu-chan," and jumped straight up.
"Hatena," the chest leaning against the desk was correct, and I took my eyes off the Ametsuki story I was reading and saw one of the seats in Yanaka | It is Azusa Kazuki, a bachelor's degree student.
The garment was right and neat, and I was struck by the fact that I was ripe with my hands on my knees. He said that he carved it from an old plum tree in the garden of Den, took the incense of his beloved Aigan, and twisted it.
When I went to the desk again, I muttered, muttering, as if I was coughing myself, saying, "I can't do this." Because the space is wide, the lights do not reach, and I cough outside the dimly lit old sliding door, "Wrinkle".
"Teacher, you're studying," and [# "to" is "to," in the bottom line. In the following books, "to". "Kyoka Complete Works" (Iwanami Shoten, March 4, 1974, 2nd printing), "Kyoka Complete Works, Vol. 4" (Shunyo-do, September 25, 1918), "Yushima Shrine" (Shunyo-do) (November 23, 1902), "Yushima 詣" (Shunyodou Bunko, Shunyodou, October 20, 1947, reissue first edition)] ｜ Undake "Ungaku".
In front of the bachelor ’s degree
"I'm sorry to bother you. Actually, I came to ask for another stone, but I was reading aloud, so I was refraining from doing that for a while. What do you see? It's fine. In Fusuma, I don't listen to the text because it's choppy, but mysteriously, the voice of you tonight is the dew on the flowers of Byakuren. I mean, I would say that the moon would be reflected in the water of the river, Tanigawa, or something that couldn't be helped, pure, clear, and clear. I was naturally saddened by the fact that even the listeners were drawn in, and there was no lonely feeling, but what I read was. "
Azusa seems to have pierced her chest,
"There is something rare, my boss, Shonin, you know Ametsuki, but for some reason I'm so fascinated by my voice that sometimes I'm scared. Every time I'm horrified, I feel like I'm drinking a drop of beautiful cold water, and my spit is cool. These days, even if I say something, my tongue is sticky. I didn't feel uncomfortable because I was slimy, but well, my body became half water, and it seemed to melt and go, and it seemed to be washed with the drops of the moon. Azusa said, "I think it's a good feeling, but it's not here." Azusa was cold and pressed her chest from the top of her cold clothes. I didn't even meet people, and I went to Hikikomo in February. | Too much, the color was whiter, the eyes were cooler, the color of the lips was red on the top, and the hair was slightly elongated, but glossy. The luster is increased, and the product is good and thin, and the thin saliva is amazing to see.
"I'm sure it's called" Munazawagi "."
[# 5 indentation] Warbler [# "Warbler" is a big heading]
[# 7 indentation] 42 [# "42" is the middle heading]
"I don't think it hurts, but itching, no reliance, and pressure with something, like a fluttering jump. I can't do it because it's painful. If I'm still ripe, I'm going to fall down, but I read it aloud to get rid of it, but I read it myself. It's a good voice if you say it so that it becomes terrible. "
"It's quite a tone of listening to subtle music by listening to the hungry devils through the ghost" Yumei ", there is something strange, and I still have a feeling."
"I think I was thrown away with my possession, but I wonder what this is, I'm sure I'll get it someday," he said with a faint laugh, "Emi." Hauntedly, the superior saw a face like a white beard and a jujube.
"I just couldn't take it, actually ..."
Here, Azusa was born, raised, and taught by superstitious people such as the waiter "Machibito", Tsujiura "Tsujiura", tatami mats, and dream fortune-telling "Unai". I have to refuse the pre-order.
At the beginning, when Chokichi and Utamakura overlapped with Aibiki, Kazuki was the son-in-law of the Viscount Tamashii, so Ikki Chikin was the only one who couldn't help but Chokichi. It was not difficult to save myself from the hardships.
However, unlike other "people", Kazuki is in the Hanamachi area, which is a sign of his own history, but on the contrary, it is fruitful, deep-cut, and comprehensible. I knew that I had the feeling of "Ninkyo", but I don't think it was a pure and beautiful body. Most of them, like a ball, have no palms, no foreheads, no bad sweat, no scratches, no moles, no scratch marks. When I throw myself into the room of the song pillow and put Chokichi and the forehead on the same floor, the feeling of mercy burns, and Ichijo's cold dragon in the fire protects me. Azusa's skin wasn't injured by the good man who was a dad, and he put some gaps between the pillows, but one morning, Chokichi was fluffy. I woke up and shook the current Azusa, and while looking around as if I was surprised, in my dream I got three iris flowers and a bud. When I hung it up and stood in a dark place, it became bright and the sun shined. When I was exposed to the golden ray of light, all three wheels I saw and saw bloomed suddenly, and I was asked innocently, why? Azusa was attacked by a nightmare, and was talking about this dream to the place where he was licking the phantom suffering, and the cold sweat had not stopped yet. Compared to this white lotus in the merciless mud, which was ashamed until the "hospitality" turned red, the bachelor's degree was "injured" instead of my heart. I knew a pure heart.
At that time, once again, Chokichi was called by a guest of the appropriate military troupe, but he was disturbed by what he said, and he was drunk and tried to find a bosom ball, so he was tantrum. Raise the profile and wrestle the profile with a knife, then turn the tiger beard upside down and get angry like Zhang Fei and cry. Just kicking the flank that came in didn't make a point, and the main character of the day was a guest, and he caused him to look like a death, and took both hands. Then, I cut my bangs with a knife and stood up in the tatami room. The servants, the maids, and the young people who were on the side of the sushi were all just flirting, and they said they had no hands on them, so they shook up on Azusa. When I was sick, I decided to put it in a car from the spot and move it to my garden for planting.
[# 7 indentation] 43 [# "43" is the middle heading]
Of course, it is not always the case, [# "," is "." In the original. In the following books, ",". "Kyoka Complete Works" (Iwanami Shoten, March 4, 1974, 2nd printing), "Kyoka Complete Works, Vol. 4" (Shunyo-do, September 25, 1918), "Yushima Shrine" (Shunyo-do) , November 23, 1902), "Yushima 詣" (Shunyodou Bunko, Shunyodou, October 20, 1947, reissue first edition)] Since I'm a geisha, it's okay if you don't abandon it, but as you can tell, Azusa, a woman with a temper that looks like it's seen. I didn't think that I would drop the geisha every time my heart moved, but it is here that the culvert has a kind of innate myth on emotions.
In the precincts of Tenjin-sama, there was a New Year party for university graduates at Iyomon in January of the following year, where I had never had the opportunity to apologize for my gratitude. Chokichi was in the troupe. Also, in the troupe, the god machine warrior who lives on the second floor of the boarding house, covers the middle of the six tatami mats, lays the fur of a white bear, and steers the land of Shimotani while sitting down. There is Zhu Wu, and if you surround the secret plan from the sword, and put the soldiers face down, you will make a roar and a yelling voice in the middle of the liquor. Suddenly, Azusa's black sword "Kuro Nanako" robbed him of the five-crest haori and put it on Chokichi's shoulder. happy! When I put it on the three pieces of "Sanmai Gasane", I pulled out the hem, and pulled out the hem. When I disappeared, I didn't do the number of things that would make beer full to celebrate my health for Azusa Iroo. Azusa wears a round waist, and as if he violates the law of the mansion "Yakata" and falls from the backyard with the feeling of "Midai", he goes down with a "car". I was sent to the Utamakura, but when I woke up in the early morning with a bad complexion, I took off the obi, handed the sharp point to the Kotori Mawashi, and folded it in this style. Chokichi, who was sitting on the pillow head while wearing the hakama, took off the haori of the case and put it on. The warmth of the human skin did not go away, and Azusa returned to the mansion "Yashiki", leaving the incense that had been soaked in her body, and when she passed through, she found a woman in the living room. Riniwa and human voice. As soon as the booth messenger "Komazukai" said that, he closed his hand from behind. The shutters are half-opened, and they look like they are upset by the army in the morning. There are dusters, brooms, uchiwa fans, and where there is a transparent suki, and a warbler is in the living room. And that is called that. Azusa flew from the Kamoi and stayed on a branch of a plum bonsai tree in full bloom, which looked like it was covered with snow. I took off the haori while holding it, and threw it in a hurry, wrapping the sword inside and falling.
Twenty-four Azusa happily walked down the porch into Mrs. Ryuko's bedroom, "Naya," and pressed her on the pillow of the sleeper, "Oh." When I evoked it and made the yellow bird "Uguisu" look like a credit, I just saw it coldly.
(I haven't got up yet.) And I closed my eyes as a selfish young man without turning to the back. At that time, Azusa changed the color of her face, but she didn't fight.
(Excuse me,) I went out all the way, ordered a basket while standing in the corridor, and while I was bringing it in my hand, while holding it in my chest, Miharashi's Yushima While looking at the sky, he screamed in Azusa's chest three times as a famous bird.
However, when the basket came and tried to get it out of his pocket, he didn't even flap his wings, so when he thought he was accustomed to it, he shook his wings and dropped his eyes. The bird cage of the lacquer work "Makie" was accompanied by the bonsai plums of the case "Kudan", and it was purposely used for burial. Since then, every time I thought about dropping Chokichi, I knew that it was a rough idea, but with the feelings I had from an early age, the same haori was a sign. Then, perhaps, save him in my hand and use it as a ball in his palm, or break it in time. It may be annoying because there are no days, but rather, I was restrained by the thought that life would not last long, and I was always hesitant to want that life. There was.
[# 7 indentation] 44 [# "44" is the middle heading]
"... Once you've cut the edge, there's nothing wrong with my feelings or in-laws of the world, so that's something I'm not sure about. It's okay to go to and cut the face-up edge, and that man may be told to take a hand-cut, and hide it when the geisha is dropped. Without saying, I'm going to take Kaneko, and of course I'm not going to get in touch with him again, but I'm trying to save the hardships and make him an amateur. However, I say that, in fact, I made it my heart and enjoyed it, and I felt like I wasn't completely separated yet, and I just felt like I wouldn't meet for the time being.
There must have been a good old woman who asked me earlier. He has been working for Tamashi for a long time, and he hasn't been out from the back for decades. He is a woman who doesn't know what the railway is like, and is Ryuko's nanny. I came back for that purpose, so I'm back again. Because of that temperament, he doesn't say anything about injuries, but he is the first princess to know a man. After you leave the inside, you will not meet people as a depression.
The doctor said that he had memory weakness, but he suffered from insomnia, and sometimes he couldn't sleep at first glance for three days, four days, or seven days. I don't have a single problem. During this time, the waist that passed through the porch made a maiden sound, and I was angry that I woke up because of that, and threw a knife. I put it on and tried to poke my chest at the waist with a knife.
Around this time, it was as if the room didn't even come out of the room. No matter what you look like, it's the nanny who knows your heart well, so go back to me.
If you accept it, it was Oita's gratitude, and it seems that the deeds 《Mimochi》 have completely healed.
It's not a lie because an old woman who was quite stubborn was breaking me.
Well then, I understand that even such a wife would think of me by then, but this is what happened.
The reason I'm humbled is not because I want to show patience and go back to Tamashi's house, so I definitely think it's clear, and I blame myself for my hikikomori. Because I just don't think I'm done with my ancestors.
I went home once in a while. "
"Huh," the superior nodded and thought,
"No, my heart gradually calmed down and I got a good reply, it's fine." He said, looking at Azusa's lonely face,
"I wonder if that made it refreshing."
"Yes, I think it's because of the refreshing feeling. I still had a gold vine, and I thought I'd make it an amateur by dropping a set of things, but I wondered what it was. There was a warmth in the bottom of my heart, but by far I returned the messenger, and when I saw the wife's heart, how abandoned I was, innocent, etc. It's not something I could say. That's why the butterflies are already completely fluffy, I feel like I'm left alone on this isolated island "Hanarejima", and I'm lonely, heart-wrenching "Munasawagi" That's why it must be done, [# "," is "." In the bottom line. In the following books, ",". "Kyoka Complete Works" (Iwanami Shoten, March 4, 1974, 2nd printing line), "Kyoka Complete Works Vol. 4" (Shunyo-do, September 25, 1918), "Yushima Shrine" (Shunyo-do) , November 23, 1902), "Yushima 詣" (Shunyodou Bunko, Shunyodou, October 20, 1947, reissue first edition)] Smile is lonely.
"Well, no, it's okay if you're young and you don't have much enlightenment. It's funny that you're just wondering." He laughed and laughed, and shouted at the beginning of the line, "Who should give tea to the teacher?"
Azusa turned to the desk again, but at the corner of the tree, he couldn't hold back the jumping of his heart, and he was upset, depressed, and seemed to be drawn in. Azusa always goes to Yushima when he can't get it and keeps the constant attachment that is soaked in the scent of incense.
[# 5 indentation] Shiraki box [# "Shiraki box" is a big heading]
[# 7 indentation] Forty-five [# "45" is the middle heading]
"Fu-chan, a little, Tomi-chan, I didn't know the doll of Watai."
It was Chokichi who called for the spirit of something that was upset, and for the tantrums.
"It's one case," Genji looked to the side, as if he had never heard of it.
"You've come," he said in a low voice, "Kogoe," and for no reason, he hit the skylight "Atama," and he scooped up, but Ensuke wasn't! Voice repair << scary >> and headed upstairs,
"Butterfly, what is it, a doll. It's not a doll, it's not so much, there are some difficult things, a little big shit, a big doll."
It's like saying "what" and throwing it away.
"Well, come on a little, if it's your sex, come down."
"Tomi-chan, Tomi-chan."
Chokichi didn't get in touch with him, he just called him a chick.
"Well, come on, but what's the matter, a little bit hard, from the butterfly, Kazuki's husband?"
"Yes,"
"Don't look at it," Genji pokes a little and smiles, and Ensuke is at Mahayana "Onoriji".
"If my husband sent me a parcel post,"
"Yes."
"It was delivered by Mr. Kazuki," said Genji from the side.
"I don't know."
"You should know, but Mr. Kazuki and Mr. Ao,"
"Yes."
"Please stop if you like," he said, and he looked at his face and became silent.
"Tomi-chan,"
"Sora, it's Tomi-chan again," said Ensuke, who came to the threshold and saw the chicks standing, and informed him with his eyes.
"I don't know."
After a while, the voice was gentle,
"No, parcel, come on."
"If it's true, what do you doubt?" Genji is serious.
He seemed to hesitate a little while saying, "I'm just lying," but the floor child stage "Ladder Dan" rang.
Blocking from below to Mt.
"Wait a minute, butterflies, I need a contractor, if you come, please bring your pocketbook."
"It's okay," he said in a masculine and flashy manner. Taking this as an opportunity, Chokichi lay down with the doll and stayed a little distraught, but he came down from the third floor in a turbulent manner and suddenly "suddenly",
"Where are you?", While asking the baby "Akanbo" to extort him, his face was clear.
"I'm afraid, please give me a master."
"First of all, I would like you to receive it."
"I've lost completely, so it's not like that."
"Gorgeous!", Komon Chirimen with a small crested crepe on the back, and the same thin and thin haori as a sash. When I pulled out the fan that was squeezed into the obi and put it on, I stopped by and took the bills.
"What should I do?"
Genji is attached with a piece,
"Well, master."
"Then, it's a little bit."
From selfishness
"It's a treat, isn't it?"
[# 7 indentation] 46 [# "46" is the middle heading]
"Well, why is it coming?" Ensuke protruded his face toward the Western lamp "Lamp", and Genji put a skylight "Atama" on the pillar and turned his back in one shadow. 》 The shape of these two people was X 《Ecchis》 in front of the long fire bowl, with the inside of the body 《What》.
"Thank you very much for your companion," he said to the other side, saying that the man who was doing it was old. The sesame salt skylight, which dyes the teeth beautifully even though it has fallen, is the way to take the secret medicine, the decoction, the decoction, and the cleanup of the body. Everything up to curing | It's an elixir that has a bad mouth and a kura.
Chokichi had contracted for the parcel, so I wasn't thinking about it, but I was modest, but since I was young, I'm still in the mood for a long time. I pulled Hana and lost until I was weakened, so I'm not done with it, and if I'm happy with it, the extreme badness of the color that appears even if I wrap it. With my trembling hands, I took it out to a bright place, and when I couldn't see my face, I didn't even touch my side eyes, and I saw my bloody earlobe. It ’s cute and awe-inspiring, right-looking and left-looking,
"Oh my god, it says" Yamatoya "my wife, Minoko Matsuyama."
"Mineko-sama, yo."
"Yes, I'm sorry," he said, "I'm afraid," he turned back and looked at the back again.
"From Kazuki ... Oh, I have to do it differently from the character" always "in peacetime? ... It seems that my hands are different."
I don't dare to doubt it, but I wanted people to confirm it from the bottom of my heart, so I deliberately muttered suspiciously.
"You deliberately changed your hand and wrote it, that's you." And [# "to" is "to," in the following books. "Kyoka Complete Works" (Iwanami Shoten, March 4, 1974, 2nd printing), "Kyoka Complete Works, Vol. 4" (Shunyo-do, September 25, 1918), "Yushima Shrine" (Shunyo-do) Bunko, Shunyo-do, October 20, 1947, reissued first edition. In "Yushima 詣" (Shunyo-do, November 23, 1902), "to"] Auntie seems to be extremely deer claw.
"Well, somehow the package is big, what is it?"
Tamatebako [# "Tamatebako" is the "Otebako" in the bottom. In the following book, "Tamatebako". "Kyoka Complete Works" (Iwanami Shoten, March 4, 1974, 2nd printing) "Yushima 詣" (Shunyo-do, November 23, 1902), "Kyoka Complete Works Vol. 4" (Shunyo-do, Shunyo-do, (September 25, 1918), "Yushima 詣" (Shunyodou Bunko, Shunyodou, October 20, 1947, reissue first edition)] ..
"What should I do?"
"somehow,"
"That's right."
"If you say" Cho "at the best, why don't you give it again?"
Genji is going to Takayo
"Don't put up a boss."
"It's boring anyway," said Chokichi, laughing and holding back.
Ensuke is, as usual,
"Yeah!"
I wasn't angry at all, saying, "Please give me a lot." I hugged him on my lap and slanted it.
Chokichi pulled out the hairpin and gently held it.
The master craftsman said, "Seal it in a wicked way." With his painful eyes, "Mitsu", and with the tip of a hairpin, "Saki", cut the seal and unravel it.
The overwrap was opened round and round, and one side of the Yamato newspaper spread out on the knees. Inside is a white wooden box with only hand paperbacks.
"Come on, let's see, as the seal unravels, the butterfly's face gradually becomes loose."
"For some reason, it's strange," says Genjiro.
"I have a lot of" Watai "."
"Nothing is so tiring, you swell your cheeks."
"Come and play hard, come on, I can't stand it.
"I laughed at it."
Chokichi smiled,
When I thought, "Please excuse me," I took the parcel as if I was kidnapped, and when I kicked back the sword, I went upstairs.
What surprised me was Ensuke. Become a mess
"Australia!"
[# 7 indentation] 47 [# "47" is the middle heading]
"Don't be patient, I think I won't look at you, so I'm desperate, pull a Hanafuda, please be patient, OK." It seems that you have eliminated the deep cut of "san", but it can't be helped. I'm sure I'll be quiet from now on. It was bad. It's still okay to open it. I'm glad. " Because of this message, it seemed to be forgiven, and when Chokichi went upstairs, he first held a picture of the god moon in his pocket.
Even so, I was worried about the inside of the box, my hands trembled, and I just forgot to jump in the palpitations. I opened the lid.
The box contains a naked doll without wrapping it in paper.
At first glance, change the color a little,
"Oh, it's funny, I wonder if I've moved to the doll, I'm not the one who keeps me like this and doesn't do that yet," I realized at this time. It's my doll.
Chokichi has a dreamlike feeling, and weirdly, the dark, forest of the light "Tomoshibi", the beautiful upstairs tatami room that has been tidied up * [# "eyes + phrase", 4th level 2-81-91] I did "Miwa", but yes, even though the parcel was from Kazuki, I had forgotten it because I had forgotten it. I dropped the box and stood up, and there was nothing ridiculous, but when I looked at it with a floating foot, I approached it densely and raised the futon, there was nothing. If you take the plunge and insert your white hand into a small cold sash, you can put it on with great care, even a kimono with a sleeve sleeve, a juban, and a crepe sash. It was wrapped in a circle and turned into a circle. Chokichi squeezed his breath, swallowed his spit, healed himself, pulled him in, and looked ripe and turned blue. I shed tears, trembled,
When I tried to pick up the poor naked body "Hadakami" and picked up the milk, my neck came off and my limbs fell apart. Only the round ones in the torso remained in Chokichi's hands, so
I thought I had grabbed the snake and threw it, cutting the sky and falling in the mirror.
"That's right."
On the lower floor, a laughing voice was heard, and Ensuke was seen as a battle cry.
"I'm sure it's right now."
The complexion that Genji did by holding down "Rebuke!"
"The trick of peeling off Kumoi's stamp, sticking it, and stamping it with a brush."
"What is it?"
"No, it's a treat."
A crying voice echoed through my ears, saying, "I'm sorry!"
Chokichi's blood phase has changed as he came downstairs with a stagger while holding the bottom edge with both hands.
Her face is pale, her eyes are caught backwards, her mouth is biting her teeth as if it were warped upwards, and she grabs the small hand of the underdog who looks surprised. I pulled it in.
"Oh, niece."
"Come on, say it, say it, don't know, who made my doll like that of me. No, I can't do it, I don't know, like that. I asked you to do something for me ... ", but he shook and trembled, and the forehead made sense.
"Your hands and feet are disjointed, if you say terrible, it's terrible. Now, who are you? I'm a hippopotamus, don't you tell me, yeah! Don't you say brute? "
"It hurts, it hurts, Mr. 姐."
[# 5 indentation] Ash Kagura [# "Ashi Kagura" is a big headline]
[# 7 indentation] Forty-eight [# "48" is the middle heading]
"Well, what are you, what's the rough thing?" Said Auntie Baba, who stretched out to her waist and tried to separate her from the skirt. 》 Shake it off, turn around and look at it
"Grandma, you also have a grudge against me. I thought he was a deep-hearted person because he told me that he would hurt or rub it.
"Oh, I'm scared, I'm scared. I'm sorry." With a bloody eye, Chimanako was already choreographed by a warrior. That's why Ensuke, who had been taken by Ake, broke in.
"Well,"
"Yes, it's not the body that touches the hands of the people in the foreground, the owner is wearing it, Taikomochi," he said with a flat hand.
Holding the skylight 《Head》
"Australia," he was surprised.
"What is the habit of being cut off from the terrible owner of the host, and the habit of being cut off from the other side?" Nabu was ridiculed, laughed, healed the clogs, then reconciled, showed a little villainous place, and came up with it there. There is no end to the endless "Oyokubari", Genji is a thought only for Genji, and already tonight | However, the mischief "Warsa" also had the doll's limbs * [# "Tehen + 爭", 4th level 2-13-24] "Mo", but it was extremely "Kiwama", Chokichi. Seeing a scene where the blood phase of the puppet is not easy, and it is unlikely that it will be settled by ordinary puppets, Iai is afraid, and the ill-mannered mouth of the standing puppet. 》,
"Look at me," and spit out [# "emphasis mark" on "Fute"], and don't forget to take the cigarette and put it in. I try to stand up on the straddle "Omata".
"Wait a minute."
"Yes,"
"You played a prank, you're the source bastard, you're in the foreground."
"No, it's me.", And the one who entered all the time was Yamatoya's niece, and Tsutakichi, a middle-aged man. What is amazing about his arms and dexterity is the innocent shape of the velvet, which is like a human being whose roof has been taken by a storm. Ichiwatari "Hitotari" * [# "Eyes + Phrase", 4th level 2-81-91] "Miwa", while relaxing, on the other side of the long fire bowl, this is laid on the seat, black Sit properly in the large velvet troupe of the velvet, and shake one shoulder saying "it's cold."
"Everyone, please keep quiet, butterflies, you sit down."
"What's that?" Chokichi stood with his eyes on him, and the housewife "Aruji" turned to "Kata".
"You played a prank, you," he said.
"Ai, I am."
"what,"
"What is a rush?"
"What if you sit down?"
"Oh, this woman has her eyes up, she's gonna hit her with water."
"Well, 姐 -san," just said [# "de" is not the original. In the following books, there is "de". "Kyoka Complete Works" (Iwanami Shoten, March 4, 1974, 2nd printing), "Kyoka Complete Works, Vol. 4" (Shunyo-do, September 25, 1918), "Yushima Shrine" (Shunyo-do) , "Yushima 詣" (Shunyodou Bunko, Shunyodou, October 20, 1947 reissue first edition)] Ensuke does not have Yaruse.
"Butterflies I'm my husband."
"I'm not my" Watai "your hug, who is holding on to such a watery, unfamiliar guy. I thought people didn't know, let me take medicine. Well, because of that, I can't meet you, you don't need a life. I don't have much thought, I didn't like what I did, and I broke the doll. I finally knew what was wrong and told me "Watai", I was forced to do such a thing, and I'm still not enough. Damn it! I don't know, I grew up in Nakanomachi, "said Chokichi.
[# 7 indentation] 49 [# "49" is the middle heading]
"Shut up, shut up, shut up, yeah, don't you shut up?"
"damn it!"
"Sassy, ​​to complain, I'm hungry for debt, what's the reason, I'm crazy, but I'm hungry for a lot of money. That's right, because you grew up and played in Nakanomachi, I lent you an extraordinary money child. I mean, it's a recession to get pregnant, and since such a body is extremely difficult to give birth, I mercifully fell down so that I wouldn't die full of blood. It would hinder my business. You're not the one who puts nothing in comfort, the princess is also acceptable, but it's crazy, it's crazy. It's tolerated by tinkering with dolls from morning till night. It also hinders the madness of the outside and the madness of the outside, so I should leave such a thing on the second floor where I sleep with five people and six people. It's also a hindrance. The face is white, and you can do tricks. Damn it. Look again, I have to say it, let's say it. "
I got on and hit the brazier over the brazier and hit the neck strongly.
"Mr. Kazuki!" Chokichi screams in a frenzy.
"Well, well, my sister." Ensuke often rubs his hand-held "Mochibusata".
"The mouth is over," said the old woman.
"No, sometimes I have to meet such an eye, I feel good and I'm going to get up. What's wrong with Mr. Kazuki, what's wrong with the habit that protrudes from the other side? No, if you can call it, you can call it and see it. "
"Yes, I can't call you," he cried, "without", but the old woman grabbed her as she tried to stand.
"You are."
Chokichi became weak and collapsed,
"Frustrated, frustrated, frustrated, frustrated, what do you do with me with everyone? I'm dying anyway, so kill me, come on, come on," said Kosuke. As if to say "dada", he sat sideways, sweating as if his face and body had risen from the water, and slammed into a pitcher. It takes "tsutsu".
"Kill and endure, or a large hawksbill turtle, Kane, grandmother.
"Goodbye, hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha"
It became Masao, her hair was disturbed, and she was hiccuping.
"It's okay if you don't kill me, it's okay, if you don't like it, stop it, I'll die anyway. I'll remember it because I'll give it a word. I don't care about anyone, the world is just a demon. " The tongue is also entwined and there is no love.
"Yes, don't you have sex roots!", The arm of the enemy who captured himself without power, the chest where he was leaning on his knees and exhaling on his shoulders. I also wrestled with one smoke tube.
Immediately, the thread incisors are squeaked, and when the iron kettle of the brazier is covered like a rabbit, it makes a terrible noise * [#] "Fire + 發", U + 243CB, 397-11] The ash kagura that stood up, the lights were dark, and in a blink of an eye, Chokichi's appearance disappeared as a flutter.
It was Genji who held down at the door, saying, "Wait,".
He didn't say anything, and when he stared at him with his eyes, he shook the piece of clogs he had in both hands to the sash, so Genji struck his profile in one hand and retired. Ke, one hand crushed a frosted glass door into fine dust, and when I thought that Chokichi came out, he said, "Satsu" like pulling a thread. Frosted glass.
[# 7 indentation] Fifty [# "fifty" is the middle heading]
"Wait, wait."
The bachelor's sickness made him sick, and he couldn't stand to sit down with his chest pressed against the Gukyo of Zuirinji Temple. It was a young police officer who suddenly caught his hand in the darkness of Michi on his way back to Yanaka from Yushima.
Azusa was depressed in her mind and heart, so she didn't make any noise, and of course there was no surprising detail. Looking back on Shizuka,
"I,"
"Where are you going?"
The words were rough and seemed to be fierce.
"I'm going to Yanaka, but"
"Um, go to sleep even in the graveyard, or spit out a lie! Ki-sama | It's a madman," he said, almost like a madman. Although he said shit, Azusa often looked at people, and this young police officer wasn't willing to take care of me, and he was mad at sinners. I learned that he was not bald, but simply enthusiastic about his duties, and that he was mad at the blood that he could not control himself.
"Don't worry about you," he replies coolly with a smile. Even if you look at the pure side of the hospitality, or even if you hear it in the nostalgic scent of Kaori, you can see that he is a dignified young man. As such, the policeman was too enthusiastic about his duties.
"Say your name, where is your address?"
“…………”
"Kora!" With a surprising voice, screaming.
Although there was no place to be foolish, the name was a regrettable name. Kazuki is a good Yodo,
I didn't hear that the words were muddy just like "Tama ... Moon,"
"Tama ... Tama ... Tama What is it?"
"Tamatsuki, oh, I'm Akitaro."
"The house is"
"Boarding house"
I was suddenly urged to say, "Where, what do you mean, um, hurry?", And I thought I had done something wrong with a breast and a grace. ..
The profile became dignified with a fist, a fist, and a wrestling wrestling.
"Come on"
Kimiko of Gamayanagi 《Horyu》 has never been given a great deal of shame since she was born. Make a color that you can't see at night,
"You!"
"No, you're stupid," he said to the side wrestler, "Yokonaguri," and took his hand, but his voice trembled.
"Let's say your name."
"What?"
He pushed his hand toward him, saying, "It's called Azusa Kazuki." The bachelor felt that the name he gave himself here was thick and dirty.
When the policeman heard this, he immediately softened his voice without trying to squeeze the reason why he spoke the pseudonym.
"Is it Kazuki?"
"Is there something you need to do?" He answered coldly, with the resentment still remaining.
"Goodbye, until the police box," the police officer said in detail.
Just now, at Nezu's police box, there was one woman who was distraught and grabbed, but he just asked a person named Kazuki and said that there was no detention. ing. At first, when the woman was walking on the road, she was dressed because a passerby told her that there was a man who came from behind. On top of the fact that Minari is good, the color is outstanding, so it was judged that it was a scoop or something that was maliciously followed, and the woman was investigated. He was ordered to cruise.
The policeman talked to him and looked at Azusa as if he was ridiculed.
"Hmm, I'm the owner of the crazy color."
[# 5 indentation] Star [# "star" is a big heading]
[# 7 indentation] 51 [# "51" is the middle heading]
Shikari, == The crazy host [# "The host" is the "lord" in the bottom line. In the following book, "Host". "Kyoka Complete Works" (Iwanami Shoten, March 4, 1974, 2nd printing), "Kyoka Complete Works, Vol. , "Yushima 詣" (Shunyodou Bunko, Shunyodou, October 20, 1947 reissue first edition)] == Azusa heard this from the policeman's mouth. I was in despair.
Then, with the feeling of tracing the dark soil, I passed Yayoicho and went to Nezu, and when I went to Nezu, I was a person at night. There wasn't, but in the police box, Chokichi was pressed against his profile by a pail filled with water, with his arm twisted to his back. I was crying.
The obi was untied, and along with the lower sword, there was a sword on the table 《Table》. Until this time, I had a taste for it, or I had a pocket mirror or a cassotte with a transparent engraving of gold. Among the scattered papers scattered around, there is also a paper containing a sword-shaped brocade with a sensation of "remembering", and a diplomatic "Ochimaji" is the ultimate wolf. Chokichi seems to be stuck in a three-person ｜ hanging, as if it had been made into a hand basket, and one ｜ person takes a cassotte and takes a skylight. I was pouring water from Atama. Her black hair became Umimatsu, her breasts and hem became distraught, and her milk became dew and trembled.
Azusa cut his teeth, approached him, and squeezed his actions, but the policeman's words in response were extremely clear. And it was extremely legitimate.
If you don't get along with the madman's power, and try to calm down, you'll have a body with a main sword. I try to pull it out and poke it. There is one person who was stabbed and scratched on the back of his hand, and it is dangerous even if he grabs it, so he has to twist his arm. Moreover, in order to know the address, first and last name, and clues to his status, he must also inspect his pockets, or because he cannot measure what kind of persecution he has suffered. In order to inspect, you have to take off your kimono, and of course you have to untie your obi. He said that he was taking care of him because he had a lot of nosebleeds, and he was now cold. By the time the bachelor came here, it was clear that he was a man who had already followed the woman who was following the path.
One person who is watching the situation with a cheek stick in the window of the police box | That is why the sharp-eyed person wearing the crest "Montsuki" has a grudge against the bachelor. He was a bachelor's degree, and was a gentleman who was an explorer in a small newspaper, Koshinbun, which is now in the prefecture.
"Hi, Kazuki."
Without answering this, the bachelor had no words to return to the policeman, and the bachelor held Chokichi on his knees, which looked like a dead one.
"It's a god moon."
I just crushed my bones, and I couldn't get away from it, but I made a sash, squeezed my obi, and squeezed my chest. When you try to get out of the police box by putting on your clogs and pulling your hand
He said, "It's a forgotten thing," and thrown it out. It was a photo of himself in the 20th year of the year, Hatachi, and a university uniform. I received the paper bag, and it disappeared in the darkness. However, the sound of a car squeaking on the deep road makes a noise, and one end of the capital Miyako is used as a ringing face. When I went to the front of the temple, I just laid my black hair on the mud removal of Ainori, Chokichi lay down on his side, his face turned up, and Azusa laid his cheeks on top of it. Was there. At that time, they were hugging each other, but the corpses were separated by Okawa.
The man hid his face with both hands and did not let go, and the woman wrapped his hands around Hatoo 《Mizuochi》 with his lower 〆 《Jime》.
When burying this corpse, a gust of earth and sand was rolled up, the sky was dark, one side of the city was dark, and a shower like an arrow was poured. The coffin passed through the darkness of the white sun, but by the time it arrived at the temple, it became a blue sky like a wipe.
The grave is located at Zuirinji Temple in Yanaka, along with Azusa Kazuki and Minoko Matsuyama.
The ones to mourn are Azusa's three Nobutomo, who are now alive, and Ryuko, the Viscount of Tamashi, who has a message to Shinobu Shinobi and Shinobi, but the princess is in front of the grave overnight. In, when I was with three bachelor's degrees, I wanted to swear in my name that I would keep a secret and not appear in the world, as if I was asking for sorrow. He was kneeling. The philosopher immediately joined hands in front of the spirit and swore this, and Yanagisawa quietly nodded behind the egg tower, but Tatsuda alone pressed his red face against Yanagisawa's chest and cried. While doing so, I shook my head. The stars would have been shining at that time. How purple or green, as a brilliant "sanzen".
[# Raise one letter from the ground] November 1899
Bottom book: "Kyoka Izumi Collection 3" Chikuma Bunko, Chikuma Shobo
Issued the first print on January 24, 1996 (Heisei 8)
Parent of the bottom book: "Kyoka Zenshu 5th Volume" Iwanami Shoten
March 30, 1940 (Showa 15)
First appearance: "Yushima pilgrimage" Shunyo-do
November 23, 1899 (Meiji 32)
* The mixture of "sushi" and "sushi", and "sushi" and "translation" is the same as the original.
* Footnotes by the editor of the bottom book are omitted.
Input: Hiroshi Kadota
Calibration: Kiyotaka Sandpit
Created October 24, 2018
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (https://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were involved in the input, proofreading, and production.
