Beauty of miscellaneous goods
Soetsu Yanagi

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Poor

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) [# 5 indentation] Introduction [# "Indentation" is a middle heading]
-------------------------------------------------- -----

[# 5 indentation] Introduction [# "Indentation" is a middle heading]

Although uneducated and poor, he is a lay layman. I can't fully express why I believe and what I believe. At the same time, his amazing experience flashes in his simple words. I have nothing in my hand. However, only the essence of faith can be grasped. Even if he doesn't capture it, God will let him hold it. Therefore he has the power to not move.
I can say the same thing even if I take a plate that I am looking at now. It's just an item that is despised as a poor "bad guy." There is no graceful taste and no gorgeous makeup. The creator doesn't know in detail what to make and how to do it. Just as a believer sings his name over and over again, he turns the same shape over and over again on the same wheel. Now draw the same pattern and repeat the same glaze. What is beauty and what is kiln art? Why does he have the wisdom to know such a thing? But without knowing everything, his hands move quickly. It can be said that the name is already the voice of Buddha, not the voice of humans, but the hand of the potter is already the hand of nature, not his hand. Nature protects beauty without him devising beauty. He forgets to hit anything. Just as faith emerges from innocent devotion, beauty springs up in the vessel. I'm willing to look at the plate.

[# 5 indentation] 1 [# "1" is the middle heading]

Speaking of the beauty of miscellaneous goods, it may be taken by someone who is strange. Or it could be taken as a reaction to such a thing. But to get rid of the misleading Lenovo, I must first add some caution. Here, miscellaneous goods are so-called miscellaneous goods used by the general public as well as miscellaneous goods. Since it is a daily tool that everyone uses, or it may be called a folk tool. It's an ordinary item, a daily tool that everyone buys and touches. Kaneko pays very little. It is also an item that can be easily obtained at any time and place. It refers to things called "hand-held things", "continuous use", and "selfish tools". It is not intended to be displayed on the floor to decorate the room, but to be placed in the kitchen and scattered in the living room. Or plates, trays, chests of drawers, or clothing, many of which are from my wife. All that is necessary for daily life. Nothing is unusual. No one really knows those things.

[# 5 indentation] Two [# "two" is the middle heading]

It is strange at the same time. It was the most eye-catching thing in my life, but its existence passed without being watched. It seems that everyone thinks it is poor. It looks like there is nothing beautiful in them. He is a historian to talk about, and he does not try to tell it to history. At the same time, let's take up what they know from the footsteps of the people. I have no doubt that a new chapter of beauty will be added to history from today. People may be wondering, but the light will quickly extinguish the cloud of suspicion.
At the same time, why was the beauty abandoned for such a long time? It is said that those who are accustomed to the flower garden do not know the scent. I'm so used to it that I don't really want to see it. You can lose your reflection when you sink into your habits. Moreover, the excitement will disappear. It took a long time to date before the beauty hidden in those things was recognized. We cannot blame it for strength. Because, until now, it was not the time to look away from them, but still gave birth to them and lived in them. Cognition always seeks the interval between times. History is a recollection, and criticism is a retrospective.
The times have changed rapidly in that direction. Everything may never be as busy as it is today. Time, heart, and things flowed quickly into the past. The burden of the invasion was unloaded. Everything is new in front of us. The future is new and the past is new. The familiar world is now a mysterious world. In our eyes, everything is impressively examined again. It's like a wiped mirror. Everything looks new and fresh. Neither the good nor the bad can be disguised before that. Which one is beautiful? It's time to see it. This is an era of criticism and an era of consciousness. Sachi, a good referee, is forgiven to us. We must not empty it as a blessing of the times.
From a dark place buried in dust, a new world of beauty was developed here. It is a world that everyone knows, but a world that no one has seen. I have to talk about the beauty of miscellaneous goods. They also try to talk about what they can learn from that beauty.

[# 5 indentation] Three [# "three" is the middle heading]

Because it is a device that you touch every day, you have to actually endure it. Weak, glamorous, crowded, and other qualities are not allowed here. Thick, sturdy, and healthy, it is a vessel that fits into everyday life. Rough handling It must be something that can be delighted with the intense heat and cold, and so on. Don't be sick. It shouldn't be gorgeous. It must have strong and correct quality. It must be prepared to be used by anyone and in any way. I can't pretend to be. You cannot lie. This is because they are always tested. Those who do not keep the virtue of honesty cannot be good vessels. Crafts take off all masks in miscellaneous goods. It's a world for. Never leave the reality. It is a vessel made to serve people forever. At the same time, even if it is practical, it is wrong to think of it as a physical thing. Who can tell that it is a thing but has no heart? Isn't patience, soundness, sincerity, and other virtues already possessed by the vessel? It is a vessel that goes on with the life of the earth forever. At the same time, Heaven will bless those who live on the earth correctly. Good use and good beauty are not the world to rebuke. Isn't it possible to say that it is physical and mental?
Because they are working and working, they wear poorly and live modestly. At the same time, satisfaction can be seen there. Don't they always have a healthy morning and evening? In a neglected place, he is treated carelessly, but he still lives innocently and simply. Isn't there a beauty that doesn't move? The delicacy of fighting with just a few touches has a beauty that appeals to the heart. At the same time, even more amazing beauty can be seen in the figure that still does not move due to a strong blow. Isn't that beauty added day by day? The izu device does not look beautiful. People use it even more because the vessel is used and beautiful, and it becomes beautiful. There is a master-slave contract between people and vessels. The vessel increases its beauty by serving, and the Lord increases its love by using it.
People cannot spend every day without them. An instrument is a daily companion. A loyal friend who assists our lives. Everyone spends the day writing to them. Isn't there a sincere beauty in that figure? Isn't the virtue of humility appearing? It is a grace and a joy to see the beauty of health among them in today's illness.

[# 5 indentation] 4 [# "4" is the middle heading]

There is no particular color or decoration there. Pure shapes, a few patterns, and a simple technique. They are not proud of their wisdom and do not lie in the wind. It doesn't include strangeness, intimidation, or any other work. There is no challenge or sama, and it is always calm and quiet. At times, it looks like a naive, unsophisticated, modest side. Its beauty does not try to force us as one. Since it is today that is beautiful, I admire those humble works.
Many of them grow up in their hometowns, where the name of the countryside is unknown. Or it is born from a dark workshop covered with dust in the back town. What is stubborn is the rough hands of the poor. Poor equipment and coarse materials. Where to sell Very narrow stores or street 蓆. Rooms that are scattered and rough. But providence is strange. Such things guarantee beauty for the vessel. It is the same as faith. Isn't religion seeking the virtue of poverty and praising those who are wise? Amazing beauty dwells in simple vessels.
The work is unrelenting. It's just for the sake of finishing, not for making a name. It's just like workers don't name the beautiful roads they make. The author does not try to write his name anywhere. It is the work of people who have no name. How the unrelenting heart purifies the beauty of the vessel. Almost all craftsmen were illiterate people. There is no way to know why it can be done and what produces beauty. We accept the traditional method as it is, and make and make it without any confusion. What theory can be? What's more sentimental? The beauty of miscellaneous goods is the beauty of innocence.
Since it is a work without a name, we cannot spell out the history of the author. The creator is not a small number of excellent individuals, but a sentient being called that ordinary man. What do you say that the amazing beauty of the vessel was born of the people? Beauty was all shared, not privately owned. We must commemorate the work in the name of the people and in the name of the times. People who are inferior in knowledge are also people who excel in their work. Now, only the individual is alive and the era is sinking, and at the same time, the era is alive and the individual hides himself. Beauty did not come out from a few authors, but many authors lived in beauty. Miscellaneous goods are folk art.

[# 5 indentation] 5 [# "5" is the middle heading]

It is the material that should be noted. Good crafts live on good nature. Nature protects the rich quality. It should be said that the material invites the vessel, rather than the vessel choosing the material. Isn't there always a hometown in folk art? Raw materials are used in the area, and the folk art is launched. The mother of birth is supplies blessed with nature. The climate, materials, production, and things like that should not be separated. When one, the crop is straightforward. This is because nature is on your side.
If the raw materials were lost, the workshop would have to be closed. When the material is unreasonable, the vessel receives a natural blame. Also, how can we produce a lot, get cheap, and make healthy things without getting materials from the area at hand? Behind one vessel is a special temperature, geology, or substance. Local scents, local colors, which add many seeds to crafts, tastes and obedience to nature, enjoy natural love. When this inevitability is lacking, the vessel loses power and beauty fades. The rich quality found in miscellaneous goods is a gift from nature. When we see the beauty, we naturally see it from ourselves.
It should be said that not only this, but all shapes and patterns are invited to the raw materials. In the meantime, the inevitable connection is always tied. Good make-up is not something that you apply to yourself, but something that you follow. Don't think of raw materials as just supplies. There is a manifestation of the will of nature. That will tells us what shape and what pattern we should have. No one can make a good vessel by rebuking this natural will. A good craftsman does not want anything other than what nature wants.
Isn't this a good religion? When you taste the child of God, the flame of Shin will burn. When he becomes a child of nature in the same way, he will be colored by beauty. It is a beauty that is naturally guaranteed. The more I return to my mother's bosom, the warmer the beauty becomes. I can't help but find a good case for this teaching in the miscellaneous goods.

[# 5 indentation] 6 [# "6" is the middle heading]

Because it is a daily tool, it is not a rare item and is always prepared in the streets. Even if it is crushed, the same thing will replace it. Therefore, the production is large and inexpensive. It seems that this is nothing more than quantity, but this fact throws a mysterious effect on the beauty of crafts. Occasionally, prolific production may flow roughly. At the same time, the beauty of miscellaneous goods cannot be born without this.
Repetition is a proficient mother. Many demands lead to many supplies, and many productions require endless repetition. Repetition finally invites the technology to completion. Especially when it turns to division of labor, it is especially clear in one technique. The same shape, the same picture, this monotonous cycle is almost a lifelong job. Those who are perfect in technology go beyond the consciousness of technology. People become emptied here and return to nothing, leave their ingenuity and forget their efforts. He carries the work with laughter and laughter. What is amazing is its speed. No, if it's fast, he can't get the food for the day. Thousands of thousands. In this repetition his hand has complete freedom. All the creations that are born from that freedom. I am excited to see the mysterious work. Isn't he believing in his hands? There is no doubt about it. That amazing brush stroke, the shape of the brush, and the natural, unbridled taste. It's not that he's already using his hand, but someone is moving it. Therefore, it cannot be said that the beauty of nature cannot be born. Mass production is inevitably destined to be a beautiful vessel.
It is an amazingly mature work. Behind that vessel, which is called a miscellaneous vessel, is the completion of the technology that brings about many years, a lot of sweat, and endless repetition, and there is the acquisition of freedom. It should be said that nature is born rather than human beings. Look at the plate called "horse's eyes", and no painter can draw that simple swirl so easily and freely. It's a real wonder. In the near future, when everything returns to machines, it will be hard to believe what kind of miracle human hands could have done.

[# 5 indentation] Seven [# "Seven" is the middle heading]

Folk art is inevitably a handicraft. Except for God, is there a creator who is more amazing than the hand? All mysterious beauty is born from free movement. The power of any machine has no freedom before handicrafts. The hand is the best instrument that nature has given. What beauty can be produced by rebuking this grace.
Unfortunately, due to financial circumstances, almost everything is now entrusted to the machinery industry. Some kind of beauty will be born from there as well. Don't hate it for strength. At the same time, its beauty is limited. One must not use its power indefinitely and unreservedly. It always stays in the prescribed beauty. A mere rule is nothing more than an obstruction of beauty. When machines dominate people, what is made is cold and shallow. The taste is human or human, which is in the hands of humans. How can a machine make the change of the surface that gives birth to the elegance and the life of the vessel, the traces of shaving, the running of the brush, the sharpness of the sword, and even such things? Machines only make decisions and have no creation. If it remains as it is, it will finally deprive human labor of freedom and joy. In the past, humans could control the equipment. Beauty was warmed and enhanced when this master-slave two kept the right position.
Today, when the end of handicrafts is approaching, the miscellaneous goods made by our ancestors are valuable relics. The time when folk art is handicraft is now about to flow in the past. Although it is difficult, it prevents the reconstruction. With today's irrational momentum, once it is gone, the day when it prospers as a folk art will never return. Only the regions that keep the tradition still follow the path of correct handicrafts. Now a few individuals strive to help it. At the same time, the shout "Go back to the handicraft" is always repeated. Because it is the richest, the freedom of right labor, and the beauty of right crafts is allowed. Thus, the day will come when the folk vessels to this day, which are a sign of handicrafts, will be looked after with love. History is tilted, but its beauty is not. The light will increase over time.

[# 5 indentation] Eight [# "eight" is the middle heading]

When you come to this world, the minds you make, the things you make, and the methods you use are all pure. This simplicity is the required nature of the vessel. One should not replace this word with the word crude. This property is the guarantee of beauty. Is there any good art that lacks simplicity? Or are there many examples of confusion giving birth to beauty? Apart from simplicity, there is no right beauty. Things are called miscellaneous goods, but the essence of beauty dwells in their pure appearance. In order to learn the laws of art, one must rather come to the ordinary world of humanity.
What you can understand is nothing. Works such as those that are left to nature are also useful in the border of freedom. Before good handicraft, there is no mere rule. According to the thing, according to the heart, everything is left to flow. Any shape, color or pattern will be opened in front of them. There is no set rule as to which one to choose. I don't care about what beauty it produces. At the same time, there are no mistakes. This is because he does not choose freely, but he is free to choose by nature.
This freedom was the mother of creation. The extremely rich variety and changes found in miscellaneous goods speak for themselves. Change is not the result of act. Act is a restraint. Amazing creation begins when everything is naturally slaughtered. How can that unbridled taste give birth to the work of craftsmanship? Or it could make such a rich change. There is no vain circulation here, no mere imitation. There is always development into a new and fresh world.
Look at that vessel called "Inoguchi". There are hundreds of different patterns on the small surface. Someone can deny the strangeness of the brush stroke. You will find that it is difficult to find the same thing, as if it were a common striped thing. Folk art is an amazing world of freedom and a state of creativity.

[# 5 indentation] Nine [# "nine" is the middle heading]

Because it is a constant use, it is roughened, and there are few things in the distant past. Even if it remains, the type is scarce. Crafts have become particularly diverse in Japan during the last few centuries. Laquer ware, woodwork, metalwork, dyeing and weaving, and earthenware. They were adapted to a wide variety of furnishings. It was around the middle of the Meiji era that the good history of miscellaneous goods began to tilt and the correct handicraft was nearing its end. However, in the hidden regions, the traditions of methods and styles are still supported, and there are not many that retain their old style. Most of the miscellaneous goods that remain today are from the Edo period, so there are many types and numbers.
The culture of Tokugawa was owned by the commoners. In literature, in painting. The remaining miscellaneous goods also occupy a good part of the culture preserved by the people. It does not talk about the delicate culture of the city like Ukiyo-e. It possesses a simple and reliable local style. Even if he doesn't have a graceful appearance, he is a serious companion who can be heard from him. If you live together, you will become more familiar with it day by day. When those things are by your side, you will really remember the comfort of being at home.
Generally speaking, the history of beauty was downhill. New things that can compete in the old days are rare. As the times went down, the technique became useless and complicated. The handicraft suffered from the burden and gradually lost its vitality. There may be qualities such as elaborateness and elaborateness. However, the essence of beauty that is simply wrapped is killed. Trust in nature is oppressed by artificial manners, and beauty shows a declining inclination. However, in this sad history, it is really a kind of miscellaneous goods that has not been violated by this trend alone. There are few pathogens here. Perhaps because he was left outside the realm of art, the creator did not have to worry about the consciousness of beauty. We must come to this area if we want to seek healthy beauty even in the final stages. Appearance is poor. At the same time, even if you are in the middle of nothing, its certain existence will not be broken. Choose one pottery to try and look behind it. The only thing that can often be compared to the strength of that hill in China or Korea is in such miscellaneous goods. There is no weakness in this world. No, weak things can't stand the daily vessels.

[# 5 indentation] 10 [# "10" is the middle heading]

At the same time, the power does not stop there. The unique existence of Japan is represented by it. Of course, in paintings and sculptures, there are many things that talk about the honor of Japan. At the same time, in general, there are few things that could get rid of the remains of Karaji, and few things that could get rid of the influence of Korea. Moreover, it must be said that it is rare to have the power and depth to compete with them. Before the great China, before the graceful Korea, we cannot be reluctant to put out our art.
At the same time, when it comes to the area of miscellaneous goods, it comes in one of the rare exceptions. There is its own Japan. Enough certainty, ample freedom, and ample originality are found here. It's not imitation, it's not follow. It can be said that there is Japan in the sword, as compared to the works of the world. It is an unmistakable manifestation of the nature and climate of the homeland, emotions and understanding. It is a truly unique creation. Do people tend to be reluctant to talk about their own Japan in what they call miscellaneous goods? Don't think about dreaming. We can be proud that such a work was born from a wide range of Japanese people. Moreover, we must be delighted to have made those vessels our daily friends. Its honor is not personal ownership, but ethnic sharing. Isn't there such a powerful fact that the beauty of Japan is found in folk art? If the foundation of beauty in the lives of the people is not established, how loyal it can be. For the honor of the Japanese people, I have to pick up miscellaneous goods from under the dust.

[# 5 indentation] 11 [# "11" is the middle heading]

Made by illiterate craftsmen, brought from distant countryside, used by everyone at the time, what is called vulgarity and used for daily miscellaneous goods, dark room in the back What is the providence that high beauty dwells in this low vessel, something that can be used by various people, something that is poor and simple without color, and something that is numerous and inexpensive. It is strange that God dwells in the heart of that innocent baby, in the heart of nothing, in those who are not proud of their wisdom, in those who refrain from words, and in those who are pleased with poverty. Appear in the truth. Isn't the same teaching lively read by those vessels?
Those who entrust their lives to service, those who devote themselves to daily work, those who work in the real world without getting tired, those who live the day with health and satisfaction, those who give happiness to everyone's life Isn't it surprising that beauty is wrapped in the life of those who aspire and humble vessels? What is the essence of increasing its beauty when it is often used and misplaced? Isn't the life of faith also a life of sacrifice and a life of service? Isn't it possible to see the figure of a devout person who forgets himself to God and to others in the vessels that serve the Lord? It is a delicate preparation that the beauty beyond reality is shown most vividly in the one that is in line with reality.
Those who do not know beauty from themselves, those who are indifferent to me, those who are unnamed, those who entrust everything in their natural state, those who are inevitably born, and those that produce extraordinary beauty How deep the religion is. Isn't the same thing lurking there as the depth of the believers who do everything only in the name of God? Those vessels called "poor things", "things that humble themselves", and "miscellaneous goods" should be called "good things" and "light things". Heaven, beauty is already in possession of those things.

[# 5 indentation] Epilogue [# "Epilogue" is the middle heading]

It was the first tea people who recognized the beauty of such miscellaneous goods in the past. They had extraordinary eyes. People have forgotten about it, but most of the tea ware that is spending a lot of money today is nothing more than a miscellaneous ware. It can be said that their grace, which is so natural and so free-spirited, is because they are miscellaneous items. If they weren't miscellaneous items, they would never be "special tea utensils". People say that there are seven points of view, omitting the bowl of that "well". Later, it was finally considered as a promise of beauty. However, if you tell the original author about it, how much you will be in trouble. It is no wonder that the progeny imitations made with that promise do not have excellent works. This is because it has already been devised as a work of art, away from the meaning of miscellaneous goods. People should not forget that the deep and astringent tea set was a casual miscellaneous item.
Currently, it is difficult to build a tea room, but the style is due to the house. The country house is still beautiful. The tea room tastes the virtue of poverty. Now he is proud of his wealth in the tea room, but he only talks about the mistakes of his later life. Now the true meaning of the tea ceremony has been forgotten. The beauty of "tea" is the beauty of "bad". The beauty of poverty.
Historians also praise that "great specialty". However, I will not talk about other miscellaneous items at all. Think about it as if there is nothing else to address. However, there are only one or two types of bowls and tea bowls in a large number of miscellaneous items. The sisters of those things about the throne of beauty are still buried under the dust endlessly. The reason why they do not recognize the beauty of such miscellaneous goods is that they do not already know the beauty of tea ware.
If allowed, I would pick up the dusty miscellaneous goods and make new tea in a forgotten private house in the countryside. At this time, I will be able to return to the book of the road and interact with the first tea people to my heart's content.
[# With ground] (1926)



Bottom book: "Japanese famous writing, separate volume 71 tableware" Sakusha
Issued the first print on January 25, 1997 (Heisei 9)
Parent of the bottom book: "Forty Years of Folk Art" Hobunkan
Issued in July 1958 (Showa 33)
Input: Hiroshi Kadota
Calibration: noriko saito
Created November 28, 2011
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
