Literary arts resulting from despair
Mimei Ogawa

-------------------------------------------------- -----
[About the symbols that appear in the text]

"":ruby
(Example) Trivial <<

[#]: Enterer's note: Mainly explanation of external characters and designation of emphasis marks
(Example) Modae [# Emphasis mark on "Modae"]

/ \: Double dance character (repeated symbol in the shape of a vertically lengthened "ku")
(Example) 悉 《Koto / ″ \》
* Double the dance character with dakuten is "/" \ "
-------------------------------------------------- -----

For me, there are two distinctions in literary arts. That is, literary arts that writhe and literary arts that are enjoyed.
We are skeptical of the trivial suspicion of our daily life. First of all, we seek the fulfillment of our ego by using our loose senses and loose thoughts. No matter what you see or touch, you will immediately gain as much experience and sensation as possible from the things you go to, and try to enrich your life. This is what human beings should do, and life. I understand that. And with this heart, the colors that reflect nature subjectively, the appearance of nature that has entered the subjectivity, that is, from the standpoint of the absolute experience of human life, accepting all the stimuli of everyday life I think that it is an effort to enrich the experience, and this is an effort to enjoy life.
At the same time, it is possible to be unsatisfied only with the above things and to be skeptical of the only consciousness that reveals one's existence, that is, the sense itself. When we think about how powerful our senses are, as a guarantee of our lives, and as a matter of fact, we cannot help thinking about it. It seems that it is a very short period of time from the age of the old to the age of the prince to endure the stimulus of the outside world in our body, and I feel physical fatigue with the years. It is a clear fact that the stimulus of the outside world does not come up sharply at the end, no matter how much thought you wish to come. Shouldn't we really feel the sorrow of the senses as a human being?
On the other hand, how many experiences I can be aware of in my senses, and the feelings of almost innumerable external stimuli are extremely monotonous. Can only be seen. In short, it is a clear fact that human senses are limited. And again, this is not limited to the ability to be alone, but it is inevitable that there is a considerable time limit. If you think about it like this, you can't help but expect the fact that your sensory life will eventually die.
As long as I was born as a human being, I always think that I want to run as many experiences as I can, both physically and mentally. I also think that this is a meaningful life. At the same time, while achieving the satisfaction of that instinct, human beings cannot help but anticipate the destruction of themselves. At this point, the idea of "where to go from Izuko" also arises in our minds. In addition, there may be problems such as "what do you live for when you are born on this earth?" And finally, I can't help but feel the sadness of not being able to find any idols that can be sacrificed by raising the body and mind.

And there is only one religion there, and you can escape to that place, but from the other side, this religion is nothing but a kind of asceticism. Or human life-apart from this annoying real life, forbidden special desires and forcing oneself on it is nothing less than a painful life. For a true religionist, or it may be a good thing and a happy thing. At the same time, as a third party, I feel really cold and sad. This seems to me to be the way for the two of literary arts to diverge.
In other words, regardless of what is the root of this life, one is rarely fulfilling the ego by seeking experience and sensation in daily life, and one is colorful and musical. I think there will be two people who complain of unbearable agony for the destruction of life and death. And I think it is sincere to be consistent with this in any of those arts. There is a heart to enjoy standing in this colorful and musical world, and there is also sincerity and loneliness that sank into our hearts. Also, I think there is a sad cry of sincerity in life, the fact that some are against the destruction every moment as a dark roar to be baptized.
Last but not least, it is natural that we can praise death at this extreme, and rarely do this. But praising this death and praising it is already a solution, it is no longer in agony, and it is in line with religion, and it is a true mood [# "emphasis mark"] It must be suffering while reaching this point.
Another thing to say is reality. Isn't it narrow to say that this is also extremely material and concrete, but if I have no life to deal with this, no matter how good the form is, it is never a reality. I don't think. Contrary to this, even if there is no vertical form, it is a reality if the author's subjectivity and nerves are understood. Therefore, it is extremely unreasonable to say (in terms of handling) whether or not one person is actually touching or not touching reality, and human sentiment, That is, it is clear that the author's nerves and emotions go through-the place where efforts can be made is the real world, and the writer's efforts are eccentric of nerves and emotions. I think that we are in a place where we are in a state of invisible emotions that humans have never reached, and borders that humans have not reached.



Bottom book: "Art is alive" Kokubunsha
March 30, 1982 (Showa 57) First edition first edition issued
Parent of the bottom book: "In the night town" Okamura Seikado
January 5, 1914 (Taisho 3) First Edition
Input: Nana ohbe
Proofreading: Sensui Ebisu
Created November 30, 2011
Aozora Bunko Created File:
This file was created at Aozora Bunko (http://www.aozora.gr.jp/), an internet library. Volunteers were responsible for inputting, proofreading, and producing.
